Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:05 GMT +331 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Blast Hits Northwestern Pakistan: Five People Killed, 40 Wounded Boeing Wins $2.2 Billion to Produce Anti-Sub Warfare Aircraft © AFP 2017/ GREG WOOD US 08:13 31.03.2017Get short URL 0 17242 The US Navy has awarded $2.2 billion for production of P-8A anti-submarine and spy planes, the Department of Defense announced in a press release. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) – US defense giant Boeing has received a $2.2 billion award to manufacture 11 P-8A anti-submarine and surveillance aircraft for the US Navy and other partners, according to the release. © Flickr/ Woodys Aeroimages Two P-8A Poseidon Maritime Patrol Aircraft Jet Off to Singapore for Patrols"The Boeing Co., Seattle, Washington, is being awarded a $2,196,638,752 modification to a previously awarded contract for the manufacture and delivery of 17  P-8A aircraft for the Navy (11), foreign military sales (2), and cooperative agreement partners (4)," the release explained on Thursday. The P-8A Poseidon is designed for long-range anti-submarine, anti-surface warfare and intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance missions. It is based on Boeing's 737-800. Work will be performed in the US States of Washington, Maryland, New York, Illinois, California and Utah. The contract is expected to be fulfilled in December 2020. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 42 Related: Two P-8A Poseidon Maritime Patrol Aircraft Jet Off to Singapore for Patrols US State Department Approves Sale of P-8A Surveillance Aircraft to UK Tags: P-8A Poseidon, Navy, Pentagon, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:52Russia Hands India Kudankulam NPP's 2nd Unit for Guarantee Maintenance - ASE 09:23Flynn Offers to Testify on Trump Team's Alleged Ties With Russia Under Immunity 09:17Blast Hits Northwestern Pakistan: 30 People Reportedly Wounded 08:50NATO Foreign Ministers to Meet in Brussels Today 08:19China’s Manufacturing PMI For March at 5-Year-High – Statistics BureauAll news US Air Force F-22 Jets Now Armed With New Sidewinder Missiles 8753 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 8138 War in This Mideast Country is 'Becoming a PR Disaster for Saudi Arabia, US' 8004 From Soviet Archives: Rare Photos of McCain During Vietnam War Revealed 7943 Syrian Army Discovers Secret Daesh Weapons Caches in Aleppo 6478All news Washington's Greater Middle East Project 'Aims at Creating Kurdish State' 39 US Senators Get Lesson on Twitter Trolls at Costly Russian Interference Hearing 34 Trump Administration Signals It Won't Seek Assad’s Ouster 33 Blame Game?! US Lawmaker Cites Russian ‘Bots’ for Swing State Losses 33 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Monroe to Kardashian: How Beauty Standards Changed Throughout History And We All Thought Bush Was the Weirdest President Ever ... Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Friday 31 March 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Education, HR & Training   » Story Boeing expands pilot training network SEATTLE, 1 days ago US planemaker Boeing has announced it has officially launched its global network of Boeing Training Providers to support its Pilot Development Programme. The flight schools – Avion Training, part of Avion Group in the Netherlands, International Airline Training Academy (Iata) in Napa, CA, and SAA International (SAA), a subsidiary of Velocity Education, in San Diego, CA – were subject to a rigorous review process before receiving final acceptance to be part of the Boeing Pilot Development Programme network.  “With these three top-tier schools, we are removing the burden of identifying and vetting potential schools for our customers,” said David Wright, Boeing Pilot Development Programme director. “Customers can trust that Boeing has done the leg work so they can focus on what they do best – flying people and cargo around the world.” In order to be considered for the training network, schools must prove a good safety culture, have a good industry reputation and have airline and crew-focused training. “Boeing’s Pilot Development Programme is built to provide customers with qualified first officers that seamlessly integrate into airline operations,” Wright said. “These three schools each bring unique characteristics to the industry to help fill the future pilot demand of Boeing’s diverse customer base.” Boeing will provide routine checks to ensure cadets are receiving Boeing’s high level of training. The Boeing Pilot Development Programme is a fully integrated solution that takes cadet pilots through initial screening, English training, ab initio (basic classroom and flight instruction), jet bridge and type rating training at Boeing Training Providers and Boeing training campuses around the world to ensure an efficient, consistent and effective pipeline for airlines to secure qualified first officers. The 2016 Pilot and Technician Outlook projects a need for 617,000 new pilots in the next 20 years. That equates to a need for nearly 31,000 new commercial airline pilots and more than 33,000 new maintenance technicians globally each year. In its seventh year, the Pilot and Technician Outlook is a respected industry study which forecasts the 20 year demand for crews to support the world’s growing commercial airplane fleet. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Boeing | Pilot Training | More Education, HR & Training Stories New online marketplace for creative professionals launched Rosatom, Russian universities visit Egypt Bahrain’s business climate 'to woo more foreign investors' Growth prospects now prime reason for job change UAE unveils national strategy for children with disabilities University of Manchester expands presence in Dubai Hyatt in UAE top 15 work places list for 4th year SCA signs deal to narrow gender gap in UAE firms Dubai Holding launches new youth council Aramco launches virtual reality training centre Sedco Holding acquires 50pc stake in Al Yusr schools BTEA hosts gypsum design workshop Fakhro Restaurants Company sponsors scholarship seat Etisalat Academy hosts seminar on Blockchain technology Dubai design institute names new president Tamkeen in deal to boost Bahraini youth skills GCC hiring activity to pick up in H1 ThinkSmart, Polytechnic to create IT jobs for Bahrainis HireRight appoints Mideast account director Biggest education expo kicks off in Dubai Alwaleed Philanthropies partners with Thomson Reuters Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Rus Archive Our services Eng Archive Our services 31 March. Friday 31 mar fri. Bishkek time Time 13:05 +3 Бишкек +3 Талас +9 Джалал-Абад +8 Ош +13 Чолпон-Ата +3 Нарын +1 Баткен +2 USD 68.61 EUR 73.64 RUB 1.22 USD 68.61 EUR 73.64 RUB 1.22 KZT 0.22 UZS 0.02 Categories Search Find Categories Власть Общество Экономика Происшествия Агент 024 Спорт Техноблог English Бизнес Incidents 06:31, 16 January 2017, Bishkek - 24.kg news agency, by Anton LYMAR Turkish plane crash in Bishkek. Live updates 06:31, 16 January 2017, Bishkek - 24.kg news agency, by Anton LYMAR Turkish cargo plane crashed today nearby Manas airport in Bishkek. The crash occurred at 7.31 a.m.++ 24.kg news agency presents chronicles of events. Information is updated. 16.05. A black box of the crashed Boeing 747 found. The search for two other flight recorders continues. 14.46. Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed condolences to Kyrgyzstan in connection with numerous victims caused by the crash of the aircraft on houses near Bishkek. 14.00. Minister of Transport and Roads Zhamshitbek Kalilov told 24.kg news agency that search for "black box" continues.   12.54. More than a thousand people are working at the crash site. According to preliminary data, 23 houses destroyed in a plane crash near Bishkek. 12.54. 11 injured were taken to medical facilities of Bishkek as a result of plane crash. Information support department of the head of the Cabinet reported.    12.46. Interstate Aviation Committee will investigate plane crash at the international airport. The first Vice Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Mukhammetkaliy Abulgaziev told journalists. 12.45. ACT Airlines, whose Boeing-747 crashed in Bishkek, issued an official message. 12.43. According to preliminary data, at least 31 people and fragments of 9 human bodies were found. 12.41. Bishkek prosecutor's office opened a criminal case under article "Violation of safety rules and operation of air transport, resulting in the death of several persons" of the Criminal Code on the plane crash.  12.40. Bishkek Research Center of Traumatology and Orthopedics has everything needed to render a highly qualified emergency assistance to the victims. 12.31. Turkish media have published the names of pilots killed in the crash. 12.29. Lenin district administration of Bishkek started collection of necessities for those whose houses were damaged in the Turkish aircraft crash.  12.17. Crashed at Manas airport plane was not owned by Turkish Airlines. According to preliminary information, the aircraft was used by other Turkish company - MyCargo ACT Airlines. 12.03. A government commission to study the causes of the plane crash in Kyrgyzstan was formed.  12.00. Turkish cargo plane twice tried to come in for landing and damaged signal lights on the runway. The aircraft damaged trees 200 meters from the runway and the building of air navigation.  11.56. Speaker of Parliament Chynybay Tursunbekov condolences to the families and friends of the victims. Text of appeal was issued by a press service of the Parliament.   11.43. Turkish Boeing 747 crashed in the territory of Aviator horticultural society which has about 43 houses, 30 of which were damaged.  11.30. January 17 was announced a mourning day in connection with the crash of a Turkish cargo plane in Kyrgyzstan. Press service of the President of the Kyrgyz Republic reported.   11.22. President of Kyrgyzstan Almazbek Atambayev expressed condolences to the relatives of those killed in the crash of the cargo plane and ordered to assist the victims.  11.15. Mufti of Kyrgyzstan Maksat azhi Toktomushev on behalf of the Spiritual Directorate of the Muslims of Kyrgyzstan and from himself personally expressed condolences to the families of those killed in the village of Dacha-Suu, Sokuluk district in a plane crash near Manas airport.  11.14. Psychologists and psychiatrists who provide assistance to the relatives of those killed and injured are working at the scene.  11.12. The owner of five houses that were hit by Turkish Boeing 747 crash Yuriy Andreyev told 24.kg news agency that two families lived in each of the houses. 11.08. Rapid response service 112 was opened in Bishkek for information about the plane crash that occurred today in the village of Dacha-Suu, Chui region.  11.03. The cause of the plane crash near Manas airport is still unknown. The head of the Crisis Situations Management Center of Ministry of Emergency Situations of Kyrgyzstan Mukhammed Svarov told 24.kg news agency. 10.57. Agent 024: Video from plane crash site in Bishkek.  10.37. Plane Crash in Bishkek. The crash site. Photo report by the journalist of 24.kg news agency. 10.32. Kyrgyz government launches a hot line for the relatives of victims of the plane crash. The Minister of Transport and Roads Zhamshit Kalilov informed 24.kg news agency.  10.27. Users of social networks start collecting aid for the victims of Tuirkish aircraft crash.  10.23. Three injured in the crash were taken to the 3rd children’s hospital of Bishkek. The medical institution reported. 10.06. Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Sooronbay Jeenbekov arrived at the site of Boeing 747 crash nearby Manas airport. 10.04. 32 people, including four pilots, died in Turkish cargo plane crash. 09.53. Minister of Transport and Roads Zhamshit Kalilov informed 24.kg news agency about the preliminary cause of the crash. According to him, the Turkish Airlines plane failed to follow Manas airport runway. 09.49. 5 injured, 3 of them children and adolescents aged 7, 13 and 15 years, have been examined and hospitalized to Bishkek health care institutions. The Ministry of Health Care reported. 09.48. Eyewitnesses of the crash heard a loud clap, house shook like in an earthquake. They told 24.kg news agency. 09.46. The Turkish aircraft crash killed more then 20 people, destroyed 15 houses. Press service of Ministry of Emergency Situations of Kyrgyzstan reported. 09.41. Manas International airport OJSC can not say when it will resume its work. All flights are postponed indefinitely. 09.27. Three pilots died in the collapse of Boeing 747 near Manas airport, one crew member survived. The First Vice Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Mukhammetkaliy Abulgaziev reported.  09.25. 16 people, including 6 children were killed in the cargo plane crash. The Ministry of Health Care reported.   09.08. Manas airport was closed because of Turkish aircraft crash. In addition, all access roads to Manas were blocked. 09.08. The crashed Boeing 747 of the Turkish Airlines was performing the flight from Hong Kong to Istanbul and had to refuel in Manas airport.  08.54. Three ambulance crews are working at the plane crash site. According to the Minister of Health Care Talantbek Batyraliev, there is no information about the victims and survivors so far. 08.45. Members of the Kyrgyz government left for the Turkish plane crash site, in particular, the first Vice Prime Minister Mukhammetkaliy Abulgaziev, the Minister of Transport and Roads, and the Ministry of Emergency Situations.  08.42. A source in Manas airport reported that the plane fell on the house, the entire families died. The number of victims is not officially reported. 08.26. Turkish plane crashed on houses at Manas airport in Bishkek, not reaching the runway. 08.04. The aircraft, that operated regular flights, crashed while landing in Manas airport area.  link: http://24.kg/archive/en/incidents/183719/ Print Subscription The most important news for the week Send Стоимость акций Центерры на бирже в Торонто (TSX) на 31.03.2017 USD 5,66 Золотой резерв КР Стоимость акций КР в "Центерре" $437 706 986 Власть Общество Экономика Происшествия Спорт Агент 024 Техноблог English Бизнес Видео Phone +996 (312) 66-01-88 advertising and PR +996 (312) 68-08-51 email info@24.kg . © «24.kg» News Agency. All rights reserved. All information on this web-site is intended for personal use only and is not a subject to be copied and/or transmitted in any other form other than in reference to the «24.kg» News Agency.
Northwest Military Archives    Search Newsletter Advertise with Us Home News Military Life Vets Restaurants Music & Culture Travel Guides PROMO Outdoors Travel Attractions Back to Attractions Explore the world's largest building Future of Flight Aviation Center and Boeing Factory Tour By Marguerite Cleveland on March 30, 2017 Boeing Assembly Plant. Photo credit: Future of Flight Aviation Center and Boeing Tour Write to Editor Leave A Comment Read Comments Tweet Excitement builds as the shuttle bus pulls up to the Boeing Factory, which houses the Everett Production line. The factory is truly massive and is listed by the Guinness Book of World Records as the largest building in the world by volume. It sits on 98.3 acres.  So how big is that? You could fit Disneyland in it and still have 12 acres left over for parking. Now that is enormous. The group on the bus is soon escorted inside to tour the factory. We begin to comprehend the size of the building when we see planes in various stages of completion. The tour is led by informative guides who keep us moving up and down throughout the factory for about 90 minutes, including the bus ride. The Future of Flight Aviation Center is where the Boeing Tour starts, and it is an attraction itself.   "Along with the always-popular Boeing tour, we are very excited about adding a mock-up of the U.S. space lab Destiny to our exhibits in the Aerospace Gallery," said Bill Kaczaraba, interim sales and marketing director. "Destiny is part of the International Space Station on loan from the Museum of Flight. Guests are able to walk through the lab and even get a view of Earth the same way astronauts would have seen it from the Space Station." Also at the Aviation Center is the Family Zone, which is an interactive play space with kid-friendly activities focusing on aircraft manufacturing and assembly. There are Legos to build aircraft and a kid-sized airport with planes to practice landing and takeoffs. In the Flight Systems exhibit, children can climb in a Boeing 727 cockpit and play with the buttons and switches that are quite a contrast to the Boeing 787, which has a digital flight deck. The Paper Plane Café at the center offers a variety of foods for a meal or snack. There are two stores for shopping: the Boeing Store sells Boeing-branded items to include clothing, games and toys, model airplanes and luggage, and the Future of Flight Gift Shop's focus is on Pacific Northwest favorites, duty-paid perfumes and watches. "We are proud to offer a special ticket category for members of the military in honor of their service to our country," Kaczaraba said. "We do offer the military a $5 discount off our standard adult price of $25 with proper military ID." Everett is about a 90-minute drive from Joint Base Lewis-McChord and is located north of Seattle. The Boeing Tour is very popular, so it is recommended that you purchase tickets prior to your arrival as they often sell out. Extend your day by visiting the Flying Heritage Museum, which is located on Paine Field, the same airfield as Boeing. Visit northwestmilitary.com/travel for more information. Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour, daily, 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., 8415 Paine Field Blvd., Mukilteo, 800.464.1476, futureofflight.org Read next close Military Life Say "yes" to carbs! Allegra Antwine on March 30th, 2017 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Discover More Articles Recently Published By Same Author "Why War: Causes of Conflict" By Marguerite Cleveland on March 16th, 2017 Brat at helm By Marguerite Cleveland on March 2nd, 2017 History in a dry dock By J.M. Simpson on February 23rd, 2017 A century of service By J.M. Simpson on January 26th, 2017 Wheels up By J.M. Simpson on January 12th, 2017 Food, fun and friends By Marguerite Cleveland on March 30th, 2017 Break out of the date night rut By Marguerite Cleveland on March 30th, 2017 Finding a good family child care provider By Marguerite Cleveland on March 30th, 2017 Put a little sparkle in your life By Marguerite Cleveland on March 23rd, 2017 Military family feels call to foster By Marguerite Cleveland on March 23rd, 2017 Archives Search Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Follow Weekly Volcano: Twitter Facebook Northwest Military News News Front Military Life Military Life Benefits Jobs & Education Spouse magazine Vets News Restaurants Served blog Features Reviews Bars & Clubs Music & Culture Music Arts Stage Movies Showtimes Show And Tell South Sound Cinema Travel Outdoors Travel Attractions Guides PROMO Featured Events Online Contests South Sound Happy Hours App Content © Copyright 2017 - Northwest Military. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Neil Gorsuch Just In... Trump set to sign executive orders to stop trade abuses Finance — 3h 13m ago Diplomats instructed to 'avoid eye contact' with Tillerson: report Blog Briefing Room — 3h 37m ago Report: Trump tax policy would largely benefit New York's wealthy Finance — 3h 51m ago Intel Dem: Innocent people don't seek immunity Blog Briefing Room — 4h 18m ago Dems react to Flynn's request for immunity: 'Where there's smoke, there's fire' News — 4h 24m ago Ex-ethics lawyer to George W. Bush: I'm renaming pet canary after Flynn In The Know — 4h 53m ago Trump nominates officials for VA, border control Administration — 6h 8m ago Sessions: Convictions likely needed to end government leaks Blog Briefing Room — 6h 10m ago view all   Overnight Defense: Air Force nominee grilled on past work | Trump loosens rules on Somali strikes | Dems seek answers on civilian casualties By Ellen Mitchell - 03/30/17 06:50 PM EDT 0   © Getty Images THE TOPLINE: President Trump's pick for Air Force secretary was on Capitol Hill Thursday for her Senate nomination hearing, skirting questions from Democrats over her work as a defense industry consultant with a Lockheed Martin subsidiary. Democrats questioned why there wasn't documentation of her work in that role. Sen. Jack Reed (D-R.I.) repeatedly asked former Rep. Heather Wilson (R-N.M.) about her time working for Sandia Corp. as a consultant, and Wilson repeatedly sought to dodge those questions. Sandia Corp. manages and runs Sandia National Laboratories, research and development labs owned by the Department of Energy (DOE). In 2013, the DOE inspector general found Sandia paid Wilson's consulting company $464,000 from 2009 to 2011 with no evidence of work. Wilson denied the findings, but the government was reportedly paid back about $443,000. ADVERTISEMENT Under federal acquisition regulation laws, Wilson should have kept documentation of her consulting work -- which she said was about 50 hours a month or more. But she repeatedly avoided direct answers about actual proof of the consulting work. Despite the hard line of questioning, members largely praised her nomination and signaled a likely unanimous confirmation. Read more about the hearing here.   AIR FORCE NOMINEE BACKS F-35 OVER F-18: In the wide-ranging nomination hearing Thursday, Wilson all but canceled out President Trump's previous threats to replace the Lockheed Martin-made F-35 with Boeing's F/A-18 Super Hornet, saying the Boeing jet didn't have a needed stealth capability. She told the Senate Armed Services Committee she believed that the Air Force could not give F-18 fighter jets the same stealth capabilities the F-35 already holds. "I don't think you can do [that] with an F-18 or an F-15 or an F-16, to give it stealth capability retroactively," she told lawmakers during her nomination hearing. Trump in December criticized the F-35 costs as "out of control," and wrote on Twitter that he had asked Boeing to price out a competitive alternative with its F/A-18. Read more here.   TRUMP GIVES MILITARY MORE AUTHORITY IN SOMALIA: President Trump is giving the Pentagon more authority to carry out airstrikes in Somalia. "The president has approved a Department of Defense proposal to provide additional precision fires in support of African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) and Somali security forces operations to defeat al-Shabaab in Somalia," Pentagon spokesman Capt. Jeff Davis confirmed in a statement Thursday. The statement comes after several news outlets reported earlier in the day that Trump had relaxed rules meant to safeguard against civilian casualties to allow for increased operations in the Horn of Africa country. The changed rules in Somalia could renew questions that have dogged the Trump administration about mission creep and civilian casualties. Read the rest here.   DEMS WANT ANSWERS ON CIVILIAN CASUALTIES: Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) is demanding answers from Defense Secretary James Mattis on a reported increase in civilian casualties in Iraq and Syria. "The American public deserves to know what is going on in Syria and Iraq," Lieu wrote in a four-page letter to Mattis released Thursday that listed 19 questions for the secretary. "The apparently large numbers of children and civilian adults being killed by U.S. forces is not acceptable." Pentagon officials have acknowledged that a U.S. airstrike was at least partially responsible for a building collapse in west Mosul that reportedly killed more than 200 people. But they've also said that the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) could have done something to cause the building to collapse. In his letter, Lieu said the reports of civilian casualties call into question whether Trump is violating the law of war. He also cited Trump's campaign comments promising to "bomb the shit" out of ISIS" and "take out their families." Read more about the letter here.    ICYMI: -- The Hill: Air Force eyes $35K bonuses, sabbaticals to keep pilots  -- The Hill: New Air Force training aircraft could be built in Alabama  -- The Hill: White House extends Obama executive order on cyber threats  -- The Hill: State Department to remove human rights conditions of Bahrain jet deal: report  -- C4ISRNet: Greystones awarded Defense Intelligence Agency contract at undisclosed value:  -- Heritage Foundation op-ed: Preventing a Defense Crisis: The 2018 National Defense Authorization Act Must Begin to Restore U.S. Military Strength:    Please send tips and comments to Rebecca Kheel, rkheel@thehill.com, and Ellen Mitchell, emitchell@thehill.com Follow us on Twitter: @thehill, @Rebecca_H_K, @EllenMitchell23 Tags Jack Reed   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Flynn offers to testify on Russia...  President Trump's former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn has... 786 Shares 2 Diplomats instructed to 'avoid eye... Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has remained relatively removed from... 310 Shares 3 Meet President Trump’s Ms. Fix-It Dina Powell is the Trump administration’s Ms. Fix-It.The deputy national... 306 Shares 4 GOP faces backlash over attack on... Congressional Republicans are facing widespread outrage after advancing a... 124 Shares 5 Governing means supporting AHCA OPINION | I supported the AHCA, will continue to support it, and encourage... 120 Shares 6 Trump on the warpath against... The president is escalating an intra-party feud that could threaten the... 103 Shares 7 Senate votes to eliminate Obama-... A resolution eliminating an Obama-era regulation that allows states to... 98 Shares 8 Internet users raise funds to buy... Internet users are fighting back after Congress voted to block Obama-era... 93 Shares 9 2 White House officials helped... Two White House officials helped House Intelligence Committee Chairman... 90 Shares 10 Pence casts tiebreaking Senate... Vice President Pence on Thursday cast a tie-breaking procedural vote that... 83 Shares 11 House votes to restrict EPA’s use... The House voted Wednesday to restrict the kind of scientific studies and... 79 Shares 12 Trump, Freedom Caucus turn on each... President Trump on Thursday used Twitter to rip into the conservative... 75 Shares 13 Trump threatens to 'change libel... President Trump lashed out at The New York Times again on Thursday morning... 73 Shares 14 How North Korea could kill 90... OPINION | They could deliver a 30 kiloton weapon by land, sea or air, and... 71 Shares 15 Poll: Trump, Ryan approval ratings... Thursday's poll found Ryan's approval rating is lower than Trump's. 70 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet Air New Zealand farewells Boeing 767 10:25 March 31, 2017PressRelease 0 comments Press Release – Air New Zealand Air New Zealand will today operate its final scheduled service using its Boeing 767-300ER aircraft with flight NZ108 departing Sydney at 6:55pm local time, arriving at Auckland International Airport just before midnight New Zealand time.Media release 31 March 2017 Air New Zealand farewells Boeing 767 Air New Zealand will today operate its final scheduled service using its Boeing 767-300ER aircraft with flight NZ108 departing Sydney at 6:55pm local time, arriving at Auckland International Airport just before midnight New Zealand time. The airline has flown the Boeing 767 for more than three decades having first introduced the aircraft in 1985, with both the airline’s remaining two 767-300 aircraft being retired this week. During its time in service the 767 aircraft has flown the majority of the airline’s long-haul routes. The aircraft has been progressively replaced by the more fuel efficient Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner since July 2014 with a further two Dreamliners to be delivered in late 2017. The airline has a total of 13 Dreamliners on order, with deliveries running until late 2018. Air New Zealand Chief Operations Integrity & Standards Officer Captain David Morgan says the retirement of the 767 aircraft completes the airline’s long term plan to move to a simplified fleet structure with the airline to operate a narrow-body fleet of Airbus A320s and a wide-body fleet of Boeing 777 and 787-9s. “The Boeing 767 aircraft has been a stalwart at Air New Zealand for more than 30 years now but moving to operate the modern 787-9 Dreamliners on our long-haul routes will allow us to be more efficient and have a consistent wide-body fleet which will deliver benefits to both the business and customers. “The use of the larger Dreamliners will result in a capacity increase of around three percent on the trans-Tasman and Pacific Island routes. Customers also get to experience our Business Premier and Premium Economy cabins on the 787-9 aircraft.” The airline’s two remaining Boeing 767s have been sold and will be converted to freighter aircraft. 767 facts: – The first 767 joined Air New Zealand in September 1985. – Air New Zealand has flown both types of Boeing 767 – the 200 and 300 variants. – The victorious Team New Zealand America’s Cup crew flew home on a 767 in 1995. – A 767 charter flight carried Pope John Paul II between Christchurch and Canberra in November 1986. Ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Statistics House report “deeply concerning” – PSA Blue Sky Offer Update Statistics House Investigation NZ business confidence continues to decline in March McClay put the kaibosh on Landcorp name change plan MBIE inquiry into Statistics House – Media statement New research for health and wellbeing Structural engineers support Statistics House recommendation Foster-Bell is Critical of Overbearing Medical Officer PSA supports call for restored RNZ funding CentrePort welcomes findings of report into Statistics House Accessible Properties acquires more than 1100 Tauranga homes Lead’s lingering effects Digital sector and Government alliance launched New modelling is helping to improve workforce planning Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Peter Jok wins college 3-point championship One dead in rollover crash on Highway 13 Gov. Branstad signs bill to roll back minimum wage Iowa State Public Defender announces mandatory furlough days C.R. Washington football lineman Andrew Todd commits to Miami (Ohio) Turkeys, walleyes thriving in Iowa yet again Iowa City West's Devontae Lane chooses basketball, Indian Hills Peter Jok wins college 3-point championship Former UI President Skorton urges blended education Complaint about Rep. Ken Rizer’s residency unfounded Boeing makes $1 billion bet on 747 to haul cargo Iconic jet has a dwindling customer base Video Photo A worker walks near a 747-8 airplane at the Boeing Co. facility in Everett, Wash. (Bloomberg photo by David Ryder) By By Julie Johnsson, Bloomberg News Mar 30, 2017 at 3:56 pm | Print View Boeing has a temporary plan to save the iconic but slow-selling 747 jumbo jetliner — buying its own planes and leasing them to cargo haulers. With the effective shutdown by Congress of the Export-Import Bank — which traditionally has helped overseas carriers purchase planes — Boeing lost a key sales tool. Making matters worse, leasing companies have been hesitant to finance a plane with a dwindling customer base. So Boeing now is renting out the massive, humpbacked 747s to cargo carriers in countries such as Russia and Azerbaijan, which increases the company’s exposure to potential defaults on payments. Through the end of last year, Boeing had provided financing valued at $1.26 billion to 747 customers through Boeing Capital Corp., regulatory filings show. That’s about a fivefold increase from the close of 2012. In fact, 747-related loans and operating leases now account for about one-quarter of the portfolio managed by Boeing’s lending arm. As the air-cargo market recovers, the strategy may pay off for Boeing. The manufacturer recently landed a crucial 747 order from United Parcel Service Inc. that could serve as a bridge to the future for the widebody plane. But tomorrow’s 747 — a symbol of luxury travel when it made its debut with Pan-American World Airways in 1970 — most likely won’t be flying globe-trotting tourists. It will instead haul oversize cargo such as oil-drilling equipment as demand fades for bulky four-engine passenger carriers. “We believe in the long-term need for this aircraft,” said George Dimitroff, head of valuations for Flight Ascend Consultancy. “As long as they don’t overproduce, which Boeing aren’t doing at the current rate, we believe there will be long-term demand.” Boeing recorded more than $2.1 billion in losses on the 747-8, the latest version, in 2015 and 2016 as it slowed production to keep pace with dwindling sales. The company received a big boost last year when UPS ordered 14 of the jumbo freighters and took options that would double the original order size. The sale was the largest Boeing has landed for the redesigned 747 since November 2007, according to the manufacturer’s website. It’s unusual — and risky — for a plane maker to buy and lease its own product on a large scale. If the cargo carriers default or don’t renew operating leases, it would be Boeing Capital’s responsibility to line up other customers, a challenge in a niche market. If the plane experiences a greater-than-expected decline in value, Boeing’s earnings or cash flow could be “materially adversely affected,” according to the filing. Boeing’s shares were little changed at $177.56 in New York Wednesday. They have gained 14 percent this year through Tuesday’s close. It’s also a shift for Boeing Capital, which has whittled down its loan portfolio by two-thirds from $12.2 billion at the start of 2004 as the unit shed its ambitions of becoming Boeing’s answer to GE Capital. Since selling the General Electric unit a $2 billion commercial loan portfolio in 2004, Boeing Capital has focused on supporting the company’s aircraft sales and managing a portfolio of loans and operating leases aimed primarily at out-of-production aircraft. The recent spate of 747-related operating leases isn’t a reversal of that strategy, Timothy Myers, president of Boeing Capital, said in an interview. His division stepped in to close the 747 deals after a financier had difficulty lining up equity, Myers said. With cargo traffic growing, he expects to find buyers for those aircraft. “We are in the process of doing that right now: offloading some of those transactions that we’ve done in the past,” Myers said. “This year most likely there will be multiple parties taking those assets.” The Export-Import Bank has been dubbed the “Bank of Boeing” for the backing it has given to aircraft purchases by foreign carriers unable to tap conventional credit markets. But it’s been blocked from providing loan guarantees of more than $10 million because it lacks a board member whose nomination has been stuck in a Senate committee since 2015. Conservative Republicans are opposed to the agency’s mission. “We may step in and support a few more deliveries,” Myers said. “But what we’re trying to do is find more third-party financiers to do that.” Uncertainty over the global economy and freighter demand are complicating that task. Nippon Cargo Airlines parent Nippon Yusen KK announced March 24 that it was canceling its final two orders of the 747 freighter variant, which has a list price of $387.5 million. Although buyers typically negotiate steep discounts, it was “just too big, too expensive,” said Neel Jones Shah, a consultant who formerly headed cargo operations for Delta Air lines. While the four-engine 747 is one of the best-selling jets in Boeing’s history, the latest version has struggled to gain sales as airlines shift to more-efficient twin-engine aircraft for long-range flying. The plane maker had a backlog of just 26 unfilled orders through the end of February, 19 of them freighter models, while its order tally for the year stands at two cancellations. There are also five “white tails” — the nickname for jets built without an airline buyer — taped up and sitting in storage. Boeing’s shares were little changed at $177.56 in New York Wednesday. They gained 14 percent this year through Tuesday, the third-biggest advance among the 30 members of the Dow Jones industrial average. To market analysts like George Hamlin, the UPS order is a sign of more deals to come, barring a global recession or other market turmoil. That deal alone could keep Boeing’s 747 in production for another four years. A generation of older air freighters will soon need to be retired, and the Boeing jumbo has standout technology, from its fuel-efficient engines to nose that flips open to load oversize freight, said the Hamlin Transportation Consulting president. “UPS is a bellwether or bell cow, whatever term you want to use,” said Hamlin, a former Airbus Group executive. “In the intervening time period with UPS bridging the gap, it’s possible other orders may appear.” Global air freight in January increased by 6.9 percent from a year earlier, down from the 10 percent growth in December but far outpacing the 3 percent average annual pace recorded over the past five years, according to the International Air Transport Association, an aviation trade group. “The 747-8’s future is closely tied to the cargo market, and we’re keeping a close eye on that segment as it continues to show signs of improvement,” said Randy Tinseth, a Boeing vice president for marketing. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Business articles Amazon wants Cheerios, Oreos and other b ... CRST CEO plans retirement Boeing makes $1 billion bet on 747 to ha ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Notify Me of New Issue CURRENT ISSUE BACK ISSUES AUTHOR INDEX BROWSE TAGS Audit Readiness of IT Systems Data Strategy IT Asset Management Privacy Civil Liberties DON Enterprise Architecture IT Investment Management Records Management Clinger-Cohen Act Compliance Enterprise Licensing Agreements IT Portfolio Management Spectrum Cybersecurity Enterprise Services Knowledge Management Statutory & Regulatory Compliance Cyberspace/IT Workforce Enterprise Software Initiative Performance Measurement Telecommunications DADMS/DITPR-DON Freedom of Information Act Printing and Imaging (Copiers/MFDs) Wireless Data Center Consolidation ABOUT CHIPS Email    CHIPS Articles: Hydrofoils: Ships That Fly Hydrofoils: Ships That Fly By Megan Churchwell, Curator, Puget Sound Navy Museum - March 27, 2017 The U.S. Navy’s fleet of big ships is balanced by a diverse collection of smaller vessels including speedy patrol boats. Of these, hydrofoil patrol boats were some of the most unusual vessels of the U.S. Navy fleet. And now, thanks to the Puget Sound Navy Museum’s newest exhibit, “Patrol Boats on Puget Sound,” visitors can see first-hand hydrofoils and other small, fast patrol boats that have operated on Puget Sound for more than a century! These vessels would “fly” above the sea, with water flowing over submerged foils like air flowing over airplane wings. The hydrofoil depended on forward speed to generate lift on its underwater wings, much like an airplane flying through the air. Hydrofoil patrol boats had several advantages over traditional hulls: -- The underwater wings lifted the hull out of the water, reducing drag -- Hydrofoil boats’ small submerged area reduced risk of torpedo attacks -- The underwater wings increased stability, enabling hydrofoils to maneuver in rough water Test Designs Starting in the 1950s, Boeing began applying its aircraft design expertise to hydrofoil boats. Early Boeing hydrofoil research resulted in the launching of three test designs: Aqua-Jet (1959), Little Squirt (1962) and FRESH-1 (1963). Measuring between 20 and 53 feet long, they were tested at speeds approaching 100 miles per hour, greatly adding to the era’s knowledge of how high speed hydrofoils work. The Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, owing to its proximity to Boeing’s facilities, became a hotbed of hydrofoil testing. USS High Point (PCH 1) USS High Point (PCH 1), the U.S. Navy’s first operational hydrofoil, was launched in 1962. Operating from the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, she underwent testing at speeds of more than 50 knots. It was hoped that hydrofoils like High Point would join the fleet as antisubmarine warfare vessels. However, testing revealed that the hydrofoil technology was not yet advanced enough to produce a reliable hydrofoil to join the fleet, and more research was needed. Still, much was learned through these tests. In 1975, High Point was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard for evaluation as a coastal patrol vessel. USS Plainview (AGEH 1) USS Plainview (AGEH 1) was built by Lockheed Shipbuilding and Construction Company and operated out of the Puget Sound Navy Shipyard from her 1969 commissioning until 1978. At 220’, she was the world’s largest military hydrofoil. She tested the feasibility of large hydrofoil craft operations at sea. Plainview was used to show the effectiveness of hydrofoils in accomplishing Navy missions like launching torpedoes, firing missiles, and underway replenishment. USS Plainview reminded many crew members of an airplane, with her aluminum construction and Lockheed jet aircraft engines. Her bridge was often compared to an airplane cockpit because of the many dials and gauges. USS Tucumcari (PGH 2) USS Tucumcari (PGH 2), designed by Boeing, was the first weapon-equipped military hydrofoil. The heavily-armed “TUC” was launched in 1967. She measured 71’ long, and carried a 40mm cannon, four .50 caliber machine guns, and an 81mm mortar. Early Boeing hydrofoil test pilot Vern Salisbury, who had been a Marine fighter pilot during the Korean War, said that hydrofoils offered more thrills than flying. On testing runs aboard USS Tucumcari, he ran rings around Coast Guard patrol boats and even circled nuclear submarines. “Heads would pop out of the hatches as we would circle,” he recalled. At the time, the top speed (more than 50 knots per hour) was considered classified. Following extensive tests in Washington and California, Tucumcari was sent to Vietnam, becoming the first U.S. Navy hydrofoil to see combat duty. USS Pegasus and the Navy’s PHM Program After the success of USS Tucumcari, the Navy asked Boeing to produce a larger armed hydrofoil. The PHM (Patrol Hydrofoil Missile) program consisted of six hydrofoil patrol boats. At 132 feet, they were nearly twice as long as Tucumcari. Heavily armed for their size, with a 76mm rapid-fire gun and eight Harpoon missiles, PHM boats could challenge much larger warships. Launched by Boeing between 1974 and 1982, all six Pegasus-class hydrofoils were assigned to patrol the waters around Key West, Florida to combat drug trafficking. With speeds in excess of 40 knots in any weather, they were the only U.S. ships that could outrun the speedy boats used by smugglers. The End of an Era In 1993, the PHMs were decommissioned due to government cutbacks. However, the technology developed by the PHM program contributed to the creation of several types of commercial hydrofoils, such as the Boeing Jetfoil passenger ferries launched in the 1980s. The Puget Sound Navy Museum’s newest exhibit, “Patrol Boats on Puget Sound,” features hydrofoils and other small, fast patrol boats that have operated on Puget Sound for more than a century. “Patrol Boats on Puget Sound” opened on March 3, 2017 and will remain on view for two years. Check out the 1975 Navy documentary video on the hydrofoil technology of the USS Pegasus (PHM-1) here. TAGS: InfoSharing, Spectrum USS Pegasus. Photo courtesy of NHHC. USS High Point (PCH-1) “Flying” above the surface of Puget Sound, the United States Navy’s first patrol craft – hydrofoil. Photo courtesy of NHHC. USS Tucumcari (PGH 2), the first weapon-equipped military hydrofoil. Photo courtesy of NHHC. Related CHIPS Articles NAVSEA to hold media availabilities at Sea-Air-Space U.S. Naval Research Laboratory Will Present Cutting-Edge Science and Technology at Sea-Air-Space Exposition Naval Information Warfare Commands Celebrate Women’s History Month Pentagon 3D Print-a-Thon: Biologically Inspired Projects Training sessions offer guidance for DISN connection approval process Related DON CIO News Enterprise Mobility 2008 Released CHIPS is an official U.S. Navy website sponsored by the Department of the Navy (DON) Chief Information Officer, the Department of Defense Enterprise Software Initiative (ESI) and the DON's ESI Software Product Manager Team at Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific. Online ISSN 2154-1779; Print ISSN 1047-9988
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Lockheed Martin makes hiring push for ex-Boeing engineers Dan Catchpole Thu Mar 30th, 2017 8:34am Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — With hundreds of Boeing aerospace engineers out of work in recent months, Lockheed Martin is holding a string of job fairs in Boeing country. Lockheed recruiters were in Everett on Tuesday, and will be in Kent on Thursday and St. Louis on April 18. “This is the first time I’ve seen a (rival aerospace) company make a push like this,” said Bill Dugovich, spokesman for the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace (SPEEA). The white-collar union represents engineers and technical workers at Boeing. Most SPEEA members working at Boeing are in Washington. Already about 500 SPEEA members have either taken buyouts or been laid off this year. More cuts could come as soon as late April. The job cuts come as Boeing management slashes labor costs and other expenses. They have been deepest in the company’s commercial airplanes division, which is based in Washington. Much of Boeing’s defense division is around St. Louis. Lockheed is recruiting engineers to work on its F-35 program in Fort Worth, Texas, and for its Skunk Works in Palmdale, California, according to the company’s website. Thursday’s event is at Hilton Seattle Airport & Conference Center, 17620 International Boulevard, SeaTac. It has a morning session from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. and an afternoon session from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m. The St. Louis event is at Renaissance St. Louis Airport, 9801 Natural Bridge Rd., Berkeley, Missouri. It also runs from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. to 7 p.m., April 18. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Julie Muhlstein Gonzaga basketball is just the icing on Spokane’s cake Remember why you left. It was advice from one Spokane native to… Mar 29th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein 3 arrested in Marysville shooting case; victim recovering MARYSVILLE — A drug-fueled shooting in Marysville on Friday reportedly was over… Mar 30th, 2017 by Rikki King Mountlake Terrace teenager is held in rape case MOUNTLAKE TERRACE — An 18-year-old charged last year with raping a girl… Mar 30th, 2017 by Diana Hefley and Rikki King Oso mudslide case spurs reform at Attorney General’s Office OLYMPIA — The Attorney General’s Office has new guidance for private attorneys… Mar 29th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Council approves $74M renovation of courthouse EVERETT — An overhaul of the aging Snohomish County courthouse could get… Mar 29th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe health — Science Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Updated: March 30, 2017 — 2:08 PM EDT Facebook icon Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories Cosby on seducing women: 'They need chemicals' Mar 30 - 3:59 PM A murder near Rittenhouse Square. A witness recants. Who do you believe? Mar 30 - 5:28 AM In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Shane Kimbrough, left, and Peggy Whitson, install a shield on a relocated docking port outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk at another part of the station earlier in the day. (NASA via AP) by MARCIA DUNN, The Associated Press Close icon MARCIA DUNN The Associated Press CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. Slideshow Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Advertisment of Gallery: Facebook icon Twitter icon Pinterest Mail icon As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman - eight - and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking - just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. As Whitson and Kimbrough installed the three remaining shields, Mission Control quickly came up with a TV MacGyver-like plan for a patch. The astronauts filled the gap using the cover that they had just removed from the relocated docking port. The cover is made of the same material as the shielding, according to Mission Control, and just as capable of protecting against potential strikes by bits of space debris and providing thermal control. The entire space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. It was not immediately clear how the shield got away, said NASA spokesman Dan Huot. It's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Frustration was evident in Whitson's voice as she told Mission Control about the mishap. She was delighted, though, by how well everything turned out. "You guys came up with a fantastic plan - on short notice. That's amazing," Whitson radioed. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. But the getaway items are usually small, like bolts. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, when unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station's commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Published: March 30, 2017 — 9:31 AM EDT | Updated: March 30, 2017 — 2:08 PM EDT Do you have a minute?... Over the past year, the Inquirer, the Daily News and Philly.com have uncovered corruption in local and state public offices, shed light on hidden and dangerous environmental risks, and deeply examined the region’s growing heroin epidemic. This is indispensable journalism, brought to you by the largest, most experienced newsroom in the region. Fact-based journalism of this caliber isn’t cheap. We need your support to keep our talented reporters, editors and photographers holding government accountable, looking out for the public interest, and separating fact from fiction. If you already subscribe, thank you. If not, please consider doing so by clicking on the button below. Subscriptions can be home delivered in print, or digitally read on nearly any mobile device or computer, and start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. Continue Reading More in health Men's Health › Philly doctors report uptick in vasectomies during March Madness Goal Getter › Breaking bad habits: How to avoid weekend weight gain Cold, Flu, Allergy › Science finds surprising link between loneliness and the common cold Study: Lead poisoning in childhood limits social mobility in adulthood Lawsuit: She died from fentanyl, pushed by a drug rep in her Cherry Hill doctor’s office Study: Girlhood trauma linked to depression in menopause How her trans clients taught this occupational therapy student to care without judgment Younger women with breast cancer increasingly choose double mastectomies: Study Crozer-Chester cited for using dirty scope on patient Medical marijuana lures ex-Eagle, other former players into a new field Philly region's counties ranked by health — or is it wealth? Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Industry HOME INDUSTRY ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Industry Norway signs for Poseidon MMAs Gareth Jennings, London - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 30 March 2017 Norway has signed for five Boeing P-8A Poseidon maritime multimission aircraft (MMA) to be delivered between 2022 and 2023, the government announced on 29 March. Norway is to become the latest operator of the Boeing P-8 Poseidon when it receives the first of its five aircraft in 2022. (IHS Markit/Patrick Allen) The Foreign Military Sales (FMS) deal signed between the Norwegian Defence Equipment Agency and the US authorities includes sensors, anti-submarine warfare (ASW) weapons, and support. According to Norwegian Defense Minister Ine Eriksen Søreide, the contract is valued at NOK10 billion (USD1.17 billion), some of which will come from the country's intelligence services budget. "The maritime domain has always been important in Norwegian security policy. Norwegian waters are about seven times larger than the land areas and distances are great. Norwegian and adjacent waters have increased their military strategic importance, and little suggests that their significance will become smaller in coming years," the Ministry of Defence (MoD) said on its website, adding, "The new security [situation] increases demands on situational awareness in own neighbourhood. Our ability to deal with current and future challenges, both above and below water, must therefore be strengthened. NATO now directs more attention to the maritime domain, and maritime patrol aircraft are a capability much in demand. As a nation with strong maritime interests, it is of great importance that Norway helps to ensure freedom of navigation on the seas, and especially the transatlantic connection lines, which are absolutely essential for allied security." Once fielded, the P-8As will replace the Royal Norwegian Air Force's (RoNAF's) six ageing Lockheed Martin P-3C Orion maritime patrol aircraft (MPA) and three Dassault Falcon DA-20 Jet Falcon surveillance aircraft. With a crew of nine, the P-8 has an operating range of more than 2,000 km with a four-hour on-station endurance. Derived from the Boeing 737-800 commercial airliner (but with 737-900 wings), the Poseidon has been built by a Boeing-led industry team that includes CFM International, GE Aviation, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, and Spirit AeroSystems. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (329 of 434 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defense Industry Solutions IHS Jane's Defense Industry & Market Intelligence Centre IHS Jane's Defense: News Intelligence Centre Module IHS Jane's DS Forecasting IHS Jane's Offsets Advisory Module IHS Jane's Defence Weekly EUROPE Baltic minister warns of uncertainties over mass Russian exercises in coming months COUNTRY RISK Patria and Schiebel work to fit MUM-T technology to Camcopter UAS AIR PLATFORMS Analysing indicators of Russian aggression in the Baltic states COUNTRY RISK General Dynamics, Bell and Boeing discuss investment in Romania INDUSTRY German arms embargo angers Turkey LAND PLATFORMS EUROPE Baltic minister warns of uncertainties over mass Russian exercises in coming months COUNTRY RISK Patria and Schiebel work to fit MUM-T technology to Camcopter UAS AIR PLATFORMS Analysing indicators of Russian aggression in the Baltic states COUNTRY RISK General Dynamics, Bell and Boeing discuss investment in Romania INDUSTRY German arms embargo angers Turkey LAND PLATFORMS DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS RDM gets order for Plofadder mine-clearance system INDUSTRY Analysis - No gain without pain: the long, hard road to AFV active protection INDUSTRY Aselsan to supply electronic systems for Turkish Army INDUSTRY Chinese weapon designs boosted by US experience, tech start-ups INDUSTRY General Dynamics, Bell and Boeing discuss investment in Romania INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS RDM gets order for Plofadder mine-clearance system INDUSTRY Analysis - No gain without pain: the long, hard road to AFV active protection LAND PLATFORMS Aselsan to supply electronic systems for Turkish Army INDUSTRY Chinese weapon designs boosted by US experience, tech start-ups SEA PLATFORMS General Dynamics, Bell and Boeing discuss investment in Romania INDUSTRY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Baltic minister warns of uncertainties over mass Russian exercises in coming months IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Boeing first out of blocks with T-X proposal IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY RDM gets order for Plofadder mine-clearance system IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Analysis - No gain without pain: the long, hard road to AFV active protection IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Army strategist: Future war may look like Ukraine, Syria IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Baltic minister warns of uncertainties over mass Russian exercises in coming months COUNTRY RISK Boeing first out of blocks with T-X proposal AIR PLATFORMS RDM gets order for Plofadder mine-clearance system INDUSTRY Analysis - No gain without pain: the long, hard road to AFV active protection LAND PLATFORMS Army strategist: Future war may look like Ukraine, Syria COUNTRY RISK FEATURED REPORT Heavy lifting: Armoured recovery vehicles on the modern battlefield Armoured recovery vehicles play a vital battlefield role for any armour force, but countries take widely different approaches to buying and fielding these platforms. Christopher F Foss reports on recent developments Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrive your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: National Business Group on Health March 30, 2017 09:00 ET National Business Group on Health Recognizes The Boeing Company with the 2017 Helen Darling Award for Excellence and Innovation in Value Purchasing WASHINGTON, DC--(Marketwired - Mar 30, 2017) - The National Business Group on Health today honors The Boeing Company with its prestigious Helen Darling Award for Excellence and Innovation in Value Purchasing. Boeing, the world's largest aerospace company, was recognized for its outstanding commitment to increasing value in health care purchasing, and for its leadership role in helping to change the face of employer-sponsored health care benefits. "We are thrilled to honor Boeing for its long-standing dedication to developing programs that improve the health and well-being of its employees and families," said Brian Marcotte, President and CEO of the National Business Group on Health. "Boeing's groundbreaking work, particularly with Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs), a new model to deliver higher quality, more coordinated care, is a perfect example of the leadership and innovation this country needs to help improve the quality of health care and control rising costs." Boeing is one of the country's first large employers to directly contract with local ACOs. Unlike most companies that have contracted directly with providers in one location, Boeing launched ACOs across the country, mostly in manufacturing locations. These ACO initiatives include: In 2015, Boeing introduced the Swedish-Providence Health Alliance and UW Medicine Accountable Care Network for employees in the Pacific Northwest.  In 2016, Boeing introduced its Preferred Partnership program with Mercy Health System in St. Louis, and the Roper St. Francis Health Alliance in Charleston, SC. In 2017, Boeing launched the MemorialCare Health Alliance ACO in Long Beach, South Bay and Orange County, CA. The results of these initiatives have been very positive to date. Approximately one third of eligible employees have enrolled in the program. Savings are shared with employees in the form of lower contributions, higher company HSA contributions, free primary care office visits and free generic prescriptions.  "All of us at the Business Group are proud to recognize Boeing for its groundbreaking work to improve the health care delivery system. Boeing's innovative work with ACOs is to be commended, especially at a time when employers nationwide are looking for effective ways to control health costs," said Judy Verhave, chair of the board of the National Business Group on Health.  Boeing received the award at the National Business Group on Health's annual Business Health Agenda conference held March 29-31 in Washington, DC. Jeff White, Boeing's director of health care strategy and policy, accepted the award for the company. About the Helen Darling Award for Excellence and Innovation in Value Purchasing Now in its 14th year, the Helen Darling Award for Excellence and Innovation in Value Purchasing recognizes outstanding employers, executives, or programs that encourage the efficient and cost-effective use of health care resources and have a demonstrated track record of controlling health care costs while ensuring employees and their families receive high-quality care. About the National Business Group on Health® The National Business Group on Health is the nation's only non-profit organization devoted exclusively to representing large employers' perspective on national health policy issues and helping companies optimize business performance through health improvement, innovation and health care management. The Business Group leads initiatives to address the most relevant health care issues facing employers today and enables human resource and benefit leaders to learn, share and leverage best practices from the most progressive companies. Business Group members, which include 72 Fortune 100 companies, provide health coverage for more than 50 million U.S. workers, retirees and their families. For more information, visit www.businessgrouphealth.org. Contact Information Contact: Ed Emerman 609 275 5162 eemerman@eaglepr.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company National Business Group on Health From this industry Financial Services Medical and Healthcare Professional Services From this sub-industry Insurance Healthcare Human Resources Non Profits See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: National Business Group on Health March 30, 2017 09:00 ET National Business Group on Health Recognizes The Boeing Company with the 2017 Helen Darling Award for Excellence and Innovation in Value Purchasing WASHINGTON, DC--(Marketwired - Mar 30, 2017) - The National Business Group on Health today honors The Boeing Company with its prestigious Helen Darling Award for Excellence and Innovation in Value Purchasing. Boeing, the world's largest aerospace company, was recognized for its outstanding commitment to increasing value in health care purchasing, and for its leadership role in helping to change the face of employer-sponsored health care benefits. "We are thrilled to honor Boeing for its long-standing dedication to developing programs that improve the health and well-being of its employees and families," said Brian Marcotte, President and CEO of the National Business Group on Health. "Boeing's groundbreaking work, particularly with Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs), a new model to deliver higher quality, more coordinated care, is a perfect example of the leadership and innovation this country needs to help improve the quality of health care and control rising costs." Boeing is one of the country's first large employers to directly contract with local ACOs. Unlike most companies that have contracted directly with providers in one location, Boeing launched ACOs across the country, mostly in manufacturing locations. These ACO initiatives include: In 2015, Boeing introduced the Swedish-Providence Health Alliance and UW Medicine Accountable Care Network for employees in the Pacific Northwest.  In 2016, Boeing introduced its Preferred Partnership program with Mercy Health System in St. Louis, and the Roper St. Francis Health Alliance in Charleston, SC. In 2017, Boeing launched the MemorialCare Health Alliance ACO in Long Beach, South Bay and Orange County, CA. The results of these initiatives have been very positive to date. Approximately one third of eligible employees have enrolled in the program. Savings are shared with employees in the form of lower contributions, higher company HSA contributions, free primary care office visits and free generic prescriptions.  "All of us at the Business Group are proud to recognize Boeing for its groundbreaking work to improve the health care delivery system. Boeing's innovative work with ACOs is to be commended, especially at a time when employers nationwide are looking for effective ways to control health costs," said Judy Verhave, chair of the board of the National Business Group on Health.  Boeing received the award at the National Business Group on Health's annual Business Health Agenda conference held March 29-31 in Washington, DC. Jeff White, Boeing's director of health care strategy and policy, accepted the award for the company. About the Helen Darling Award for Excellence and Innovation in Value Purchasing Now in its 14th year, the Helen Darling Award for Excellence and Innovation in Value Purchasing recognizes outstanding employers, executives, or programs that encourage the efficient and cost-effective use of health care resources and have a demonstrated track record of controlling health care costs while ensuring employees and their families receive high-quality care. About the National Business Group on Health® The National Business Group on Health is the nation's only non-profit organization devoted exclusively to representing large employers' perspective on national health policy issues and helping companies optimize business performance through health improvement, innovation and health care management. The Business Group leads initiatives to address the most relevant health care issues facing employers today and enables human resource and benefit leaders to learn, share and leverage best practices from the most progressive companies. Business Group members, which include 72 Fortune 100 companies, provide health coverage for more than 50 million U.S. workers, retirees and their families. For more information, visit www.businessgrouphealth.org. Contact Information Contact: Ed Emerman 609 275 5162 eemerman@eaglepr.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company National Business Group on Health From this industry Financial Services Medical and Healthcare Professional Services From this sub-industry Insurance Healthcare Human Resources Non Profits See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
rediff.com Rediff News News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » News » Navy bids farewell to its iconic submarine hunter TU-142 Navy bids farewell to its iconic submarine hunter TU-142 March 30, 2017 17:22 IST The job of searching out and destroying enemy submarines in the waters off India's coast will now fall to the navy's new fleet of Boeing P-8I aircraft. IMAGE: The size of half a football field, the TU-142M was the Soviet Union's answer to America's Polaris during the Cold War. Photograph: DPR/Twitter The Indian Navy's workhorse long-range maritime patrol aircraft TU 142M, which played a key role in operations including the Indian Peace Keeping Force mission in Sri Lanka, was on Wednesday de-inducted after 29 years of accident-free service. The Russian-made aircraft was bid adieu by the navy including its Chief Admiral Sunil Lanba at a ceremony at INS Rajali in Arakkonam, about 90 km from Chennai. The de-induction marked the end of Tupolev 142M's illustrious career with the navy. Tupolev-142M fleet is being replaced by 12 P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft of Boeing which are equipped with harpoon anti-ship missiles, lightweight torpedoes, rockets and new generation sensors and radars. TU 142M was inducted in the Navy at Dabolim in Goa in 1998 from Russia. It shifted base to INS Rajali in 1992 and took part in several naval exercises and operations. Praising the services of the TU 142M, Admiral Lanba said that the aircraft played a key role in several operations involving the Indian Navy including the Indian Peace Keeping Force operations in Sri Lanka in the late 1980s. PIX: 4 awesome hours on board the INS Vikramaditya "TU 142M stands as a proud symbol of pride and might," he said, adding the de-induction ceremony was an emotional moment for the personnel involved with it. He said P-8I with its modern technology including sensors and radars will be a "force multiplier." The navy chief said the outgoing TU142M "has always inspired respect and admiration." Tracing its journey, he recalled it was inducted in the Indian Navy in the late 80s and had empowered the force with "unprecedented long range maritime reconnaissance, anti-submarine warfare capability." "At the time of their induction, their speed and endurance were among the best in the world. These qualities gave them considerable tactical advantage in the air. Till date they have served with distinction," Admiral Lanba said. Besides the IPKF operations, it also played a "crucial role" in Operation Cactus in Maldives in 1988 where fleeing mercenaries were detected and tracked by the aircraft before they were apprehended by Navy ships, he recalled. Even in this month's TROPEX 2017 exercise, the ageing squadron had "performed admirably" where they had put in 53 hours of flight, Lanba said. IMAGE: The role of Tu-142 will now be taken on by the newly inducted P-8I aircraft. Photograph: Kind Courtesy Boeing On the new fleet of P8-I Boeing, the navy chief said eight of the total 12 "state-of-the-art" aircraft have already been inducted while the rest will join the force in coming years. "P8-I Boeing is a long range anti submarine warfare aircraft. It is a modern aircraft, but more importantly it has modern sensors and systems in it in the form of radars, electronics and weapons. There is quantum change in the technology" (compared to TU142M), he said. "It is best in the world at the moment. We are the (one of the) first two navies to induct it simultaneously with the US. We have been operating it for three years. It is a force multiplier and a great capability enhancement in the navy," Lanba added. The aircraft has been "fully integrated into navy's operations and was the "most potent anti submarine platforms that the Indian Navy possesses today," he added. INS Rajali also celebrated its silver jubilee on Wednesday. A special Postal Cover was released to mark the occasion while a plaque, containing the names of all the Commanding Officers of the station, and the various aircraft, was unveiled by Lanba. © Copyright 2017 PTI. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PTI content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent. Tags: Indian Navy, Lanba, INS Rajali, P-8I, Kind Courtesy Boeing Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED PIX: India's 1st P-8I aircraft takes off; delivery in 2013 Navy's new submarine hunter ineffective? INS Viraat: End of an era Ride the wave with aircraft carriers Submarine warfare: That's what Malabar 2017 will aim for Smith on RPS captaincy: No bad blood between Dhoni and myself 52 injured after Mahakaushal Express derails, railways order probe Starting April, Maruti will sell Ciaz from Nexa outlets Sensex ends up 116 points, Nifty closes at record high Row over Meerut mayor's Vande Mataram diktat 'I hope Mr Modi will have good sense' 'No out-of-court settlement of Ayodhya dispute with Modi, Yogi at helm' Will break limbs of those who don't consider cow as mother: BJP MLA BJP ready for early elections in Gujarat Delhi LG asks AAP to pay up Rs 97 crore for splurge on ads Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Aamir Khan at Mumbai airport Reader Sajid sends us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz News India  |  Latest News India  |  Bollywood News  |  Indian Cricket Score  |  India Business News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2014 © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register March-April 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search Blogs: The Buzz Should China Worry about the Future of Hong Kong? Quinn Marschik March 30, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz Hong Kong’s Election Committee elected Carrie Lam as the first female chief executive of the Special Administrative Region. Lam, Beijing’s preferred candidate, defeated popular favorite John Tsang and former judge Woo Kwok-hing with 777 votes, a larger majority than current Hong Kong chief executive CY Leung received. In her victory speech, Lam emphasized uniting Hong Kong, as well as valuing its pluralistic society. Despite these comforting words, Lam’s election saw thousands of protesters take to the streets, objecting to Lam’s victory and the electoral process which enabled her to win. A day after Lam’s victory, nine leaders of the 2014 Umbrella Movement protests were arrested for “public nuisance.” This resulted in further prodemocracy protests outside Hong Kong’s police headquarters. The current tensions, however, are a mere harbinger of mounting clashes between the two sides. Lam’s victory—and the arrests of protest leaders—show that Beijing is concerned about its control over Chinese territory. The CCP’s worry about its control over Hong Kong is further exemplified by reports stating Beijing will seek to use Hong Kong’s Basic Law to protect China’s sovereignty and national security interests in the Special Administrative Region. To maintain its position as the “sole party in power,” the CCP must ensure social stability. From the party’s perspective, the 2014 Umbrella Movement protests and Hong Kong Legislative Council oath-taking controversy posed threats to China’s social stability and therefore a challenge to the CCP’s legitimacy. Rather than allow Hong Kong people to directly elect their chief executive without interference from Beijing or indulge localists, both of which could generate demands for similar actions in regions with separatist movements like Xinjiang and Tibet, the party chose its traditional technique for challenges to its national legitimacy: hard-line measures. In Lam, Beijing knows it is getting a chief executive who is devoted to China’s control of Hong Kong in thought and deed. So, Beijing gains an advocate while discouraging future protesters through the threat of arrests and jail time. Although both are considered to also be pro-Beijing, John Tsang and Woo Kwok-hing garnered mostly pan-democrat support for their nominations as chief executive candidates. Certainly, the CCP would not have risked throwing its weight behind a candidate that could turn out to be a Lee Teng-hui–like figure, secretly desiring Hong Kong’s independence. This would be especially true given that 2017 will see the Nineteenth National Congress of the Communist Party of China. During this fall’s NCCCP, potential successors to President Xi Jinping may emerge, or President Xi could lay the foundations for extending his leadership of China beyond a second term. To maximize his success for a preferred successor or potential move to defy the post-Deng precedent of retiring after two terms, Xi will want to avoid the risk of social unrest in Hong Kong that could diminish his political capital. With Lam as chief executive and the Hong Kong government committed to leadership decapitation of protest movements, Xi will feel assured that social instability in Hong Kong will be dealt with quickly, helping him to secure his position. Lam’s election seems like an overall win for Beijing, but the negative response does not bode well for China’s “one country, two systems” policy. The protests of Lam’s victory and the electoral system that allowed it show that China’s policy, which it plans to use on Taiwan in the event of unification, continues to be insufficient. Beijing and the CCP appear too involved in the selection process of Hong Kong’s government and willing to stretch the Basic Law to fit their ends. How can the People’s Republic expect Taiwan to peacefully reunite with the mainland when the “one country, two systems” policy looks undesirable? Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsPolitics Regions: RegionsAsia More stories by: Quinn Marschik The TOW Missile: The One Weapon That Could Make Russia's Super Armata Tank Obsolete? Sebastien Roblin March 30, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz Hong Kong’s Election Committee elected Carrie Lam as the first female chief executive of the Special Administrative Region. Lam, Beijing’s preferred candidate, defeated popular favorite John Tsang and former judge Woo Kwok-hing with 777 votes, a larger majority than current Hong Kong chief executive CY Leung received. In her victory speech, Lam emphasized uniting Hong Kong, as well as valuing its pluralistic society. Despite these comforting words, Lam’s election saw thousands of protesters take to the streets, objecting to Lam’s victory and the electoral process which enabled her to win. A day after Lam’s victory, nine leaders of the 2014 Umbrella Movement protests were arrested for “public nuisance.” This resulted in further prodemocracy protests outside Hong Kong’s police headquarters. The current tensions, however, are a mere harbinger of mounting clashes between the two sides. Lam’s victory—and the arrests of protest leaders—show that Beijing is concerned about its control over Chinese territory. The CCP’s worry about its control over Hong Kong is further exemplified by reports stating Beijing will seek to use Hong Kong’s Basic Law to protect China’s sovereignty and national security interests in the Special Administrative Region. To maintain its position as the “sole party in power,” the CCP must ensure social stability. From the party’s perspective, the 2014 Umbrella Movement protests and Hong Kong Legislative Council oath-taking controversy posed threats to China’s social stability and therefore a challenge to the CCP’s legitimacy. Rather than allow Hong Kong people to directly elect their chief executive without interference from Beijing or indulge localists, both of which could generate demands for similar actions in regions with separatist movements like Xinjiang and Tibet, the party chose its traditional technique for challenges to its national legitimacy: hard-line measures. In Lam, Beijing knows it is getting a chief executive who is devoted to China’s control of Hong Kong in thought and deed. So, Beijing gains an advocate while discouraging future protesters through the threat of arrests and jail time. Although both are considered to also be pro-Beijing, John Tsang and Woo Kwok-hing garnered mostly pan-democrat support for their nominations as chief executive candidates. Certainly, the CCP would not have risked throwing its weight behind a candidate that could turn out to be a Lee Teng-hui–like figure, secretly desiring Hong Kong’s independence. This would be especially true given that 2017 will see the Nineteenth National Congress of the Communist Party of China. During this fall’s NCCCP, potential successors to President Xi Jinping may emerge, or President Xi could lay the foundations for extending his leadership of China beyond a second term. To maximize his success for a preferred successor or potential move to defy the post-Deng precedent of retiring after two terms, Xi will want to avoid the risk of social unrest in Hong Kong that could diminish his political capital. With Lam as chief executive and the Hong Kong government committed to leadership decapitation of protest movements, Xi will feel assured that social instability in Hong Kong will be dealt with quickly, helping him to secure his position. Lam’s election seems like an overall win for Beijing, but the negative response does not bode well for China’s “one country, two systems” policy. The protests of Lam’s victory and the electoral system that allowed it show that China’s policy, which it plans to use on Taiwan in the event of unification, continues to be insufficient. Beijing and the CCP appear too involved in the selection process of Hong Kong’s government and willing to stretch the Basic Law to fit their ends. How can the People’s Republic expect Taiwan to peacefully reunite with the mainland when the “one country, two systems” policy looks undesirable? Pages 1 2 3 4 5 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Sebastien Roblin A Recent Report Warned China Could Have 351 Naval Vessels by 2020 Kris Osborn March 30, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz Hong Kong’s Election Committee elected Carrie Lam as the first female chief executive of the Special Administrative Region. Lam, Beijing’s preferred candidate, defeated popular favorite John Tsang and former judge Woo Kwok-hing with 777 votes, a larger majority than current Hong Kong chief executive CY Leung received. In her victory speech, Lam emphasized uniting Hong Kong, as well as valuing its pluralistic society. Despite these comforting words, Lam’s election saw thousands of protesters take to the streets, objecting to Lam’s victory and the electoral process which enabled her to win. A day after Lam’s victory, nine leaders of the 2014 Umbrella Movement protests were arrested for “public nuisance.” This resulted in further prodemocracy protests outside Hong Kong’s police headquarters. The current tensions, however, are a mere harbinger of mounting clashes between the two sides. Lam’s victory—and the arrests of protest leaders—show that Beijing is concerned about its control over Chinese territory. The CCP’s worry about its control over Hong Kong is further exemplified by reports stating Beijing will seek to use Hong Kong’s Basic Law to protect China’s sovereignty and national security interests in the Special Administrative Region. To maintain its position as the “sole party in power,” the CCP must ensure social stability. From the party’s perspective, the 2014 Umbrella Movement protests and Hong Kong Legislative Council oath-taking controversy posed threats to China’s social stability and therefore a challenge to the CCP’s legitimacy. Rather than allow Hong Kong people to directly elect their chief executive without interference from Beijing or indulge localists, both of which could generate demands for similar actions in regions with separatist movements like Xinjiang and Tibet, the party chose its traditional technique for challenges to its national legitimacy: hard-line measures. In Lam, Beijing knows it is getting a chief executive who is devoted to China’s control of Hong Kong in thought and deed. So, Beijing gains an advocate while discouraging future protesters through the threat of arrests and jail time. Although both are considered to also be pro-Beijing, John Tsang and Woo Kwok-hing garnered mostly pan-democrat support for their nominations as chief executive candidates. Certainly, the CCP would not have risked throwing its weight behind a candidate that could turn out to be a Lee Teng-hui–like figure, secretly desiring Hong Kong’s independence. This would be especially true given that 2017 will see the Nineteenth National Congress of the Communist Party of China. During this fall’s NCCCP, potential successors to President Xi Jinping may emerge, or President Xi could lay the foundations for extending his leadership of China beyond a second term. To maximize his success for a preferred successor or potential move to defy the post-Deng precedent of retiring after two terms, Xi will want to avoid the risk of social unrest in Hong Kong that could diminish his political capital. With Lam as chief executive and the Hong Kong government committed to leadership decapitation of protest movements, Xi will feel assured that social instability in Hong Kong will be dealt with quickly, helping him to secure his position. Lam’s election seems like an overall win for Beijing, but the negative response does not bode well for China’s “one country, two systems” policy. The protests of Lam’s victory and the electoral system that allowed it show that China’s policy, which it plans to use on Taiwan in the event of unification, continues to be insufficient. Beijing and the CCP appear too involved in the selection process of Hong Kong’s government and willing to stretch the Basic Law to fit their ends. How can the People’s Republic expect Taiwan to peacefully reunite with the mainland when the “one country, two systems” policy looks undesirable? Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsAsia More stories by: Kris Osborn The U.S. Military's V-22 Osprey: “Everything Is An Option” Dave Majumdar March 30, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz Hong Kong’s Election Committee elected Carrie Lam as the first female chief executive of the Special Administrative Region. Lam, Beijing’s preferred candidate, defeated popular favorite John Tsang and former judge Woo Kwok-hing with 777 votes, a larger majority than current Hong Kong chief executive CY Leung received. In her victory speech, Lam emphasized uniting Hong Kong, as well as valuing its pluralistic society. Despite these comforting words, Lam’s election saw thousands of protesters take to the streets, objecting to Lam’s victory and the electoral process which enabled her to win. A day after Lam’s victory, nine leaders of the 2014 Umbrella Movement protests were arrested for “public nuisance.” This resulted in further prodemocracy protests outside Hong Kong’s police headquarters. The current tensions, however, are a mere harbinger of mounting clashes between the two sides. Lam’s victory—and the arrests of protest leaders—show that Beijing is concerned about its control over Chinese territory. The CCP’s worry about its control over Hong Kong is further exemplified by reports stating Beijing will seek to use Hong Kong’s Basic Law to protect China’s sovereignty and national security interests in the Special Administrative Region. To maintain its position as the “sole party in power,” the CCP must ensure social stability. From the party’s perspective, the 2014 Umbrella Movement protests and Hong Kong Legislative Council oath-taking controversy posed threats to China’s social stability and therefore a challenge to the CCP’s legitimacy. Rather than allow Hong Kong people to directly elect their chief executive without interference from Beijing or indulge localists, both of which could generate demands for similar actions in regions with separatist movements like Xinjiang and Tibet, the party chose its traditional technique for challenges to its national legitimacy: hard-line measures. In Lam, Beijing knows it is getting a chief executive who is devoted to China’s control of Hong Kong in thought and deed. So, Beijing gains an advocate while discouraging future protesters through the threat of arrests and jail time. Although both are considered to also be pro-Beijing, John Tsang and Woo Kwok-hing garnered mostly pan-democrat support for their nominations as chief executive candidates. Certainly, the CCP would not have risked throwing its weight behind a candidate that could turn out to be a Lee Teng-hui–like figure, secretly desiring Hong Kong’s independence. This would be especially true given that 2017 will see the Nineteenth National Congress of the Communist Party of China. During this fall’s NCCCP, potential successors to President Xi Jinping may emerge, or President Xi could lay the foundations for extending his leadership of China beyond a second term. To maximize his success for a preferred successor or potential move to defy the post-Deng precedent of retiring after two terms, Xi will want to avoid the risk of social unrest in Hong Kong that could diminish his political capital. With Lam as chief executive and the Hong Kong government committed to leadership decapitation of protest movements, Xi will feel assured that social instability in Hong Kong will be dealt with quickly, helping him to secure his position. Lam’s election seems like an overall win for Beijing, but the negative response does not bode well for China’s “one country, two systems” policy. The protests of Lam’s victory and the electoral system that allowed it show that China’s policy, which it plans to use on Taiwan in the event of unification, continues to be insufficient. Beijing and the CCP appear too involved in the selection process of Hong Kong’s government and willing to stretch the Basic Law to fit their ends. How can the People’s Republic expect Taiwan to peacefully reunite with the mainland when the “one country, two systems” policy looks undesirable? Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Private Space wins the Race Robert Zimmerman March 29, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz Hong Kong’s Election Committee elected Carrie Lam as the first female chief executive of the Special Administrative Region. Lam, Beijing’s preferred candidate, defeated popular favorite John Tsang and former judge Woo Kwok-hing with 777 votes, a larger majority than current Hong Kong chief executive CY Leung received. In her victory speech, Lam emphasized uniting Hong Kong, as well as valuing its pluralistic society. Despite these comforting words, Lam’s election saw thousands of protesters take to the streets, objecting to Lam’s victory and the electoral process which enabled her to win. A day after Lam’s victory, nine leaders of the 2014 Umbrella Movement protests were arrested for “public nuisance.” This resulted in further prodemocracy protests outside Hong Kong’s police headquarters. The current tensions, however, are a mere harbinger of mounting clashes between the two sides. Lam’s victory—and the arrests of protest leaders—show that Beijing is concerned about its control over Chinese territory. The CCP’s worry about its control over Hong Kong is further exemplified by reports stating Beijing will seek to use Hong Kong’s Basic Law to protect China’s sovereignty and national security interests in the Special Administrative Region. To maintain its position as the “sole party in power,” the CCP must ensure social stability. From the party’s perspective, the 2014 Umbrella Movement protests and Hong Kong Legislative Council oath-taking controversy posed threats to China’s social stability and therefore a challenge to the CCP’s legitimacy. Rather than allow Hong Kong people to directly elect their chief executive without interference from Beijing or indulge localists, both of which could generate demands for similar actions in regions with separatist movements like Xinjiang and Tibet, the party chose its traditional technique for challenges to its national legitimacy: hard-line measures. In Lam, Beijing knows it is getting a chief executive who is devoted to China’s control of Hong Kong in thought and deed. So, Beijing gains an advocate while discouraging future protesters through the threat of arrests and jail time. Although both are considered to also be pro-Beijing, John Tsang and Woo Kwok-hing garnered mostly pan-democrat support for their nominations as chief executive candidates. Certainly, the CCP would not have risked throwing its weight behind a candidate that could turn out to be a Lee Teng-hui–like figure, secretly desiring Hong Kong’s independence. This would be especially true given that 2017 will see the Nineteenth National Congress of the Communist Party of China. During this fall’s NCCCP, potential successors to President Xi Jinping may emerge, or President Xi could lay the foundations for extending his leadership of China beyond a second term. To maximize his success for a preferred successor or potential move to defy the post-Deng precedent of retiring after two terms, Xi will want to avoid the risk of social unrest in Hong Kong that could diminish his political capital. With Lam as chief executive and the Hong Kong government committed to leadership decapitation of protest movements, Xi will feel assured that social instability in Hong Kong will be dealt with quickly, helping him to secure his position. Lam’s election seems like an overall win for Beijing, but the negative response does not bode well for China’s “one country, two systems” policy. The protests of Lam’s victory and the electoral system that allowed it show that China’s policy, which it plans to use on Taiwan in the event of unification, continues to be insufficient. Beijing and the CCP appear too involved in the selection process of Hong Kong’s government and willing to stretch the Basic Law to fit their ends. How can the People’s Republic expect Taiwan to peacefully reunite with the mainland when the “one country, two systems” policy looks undesirable? Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Robert Zimmerman Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Latest Issue March-April 2017 Prisoner of the Caucasus Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Russia Has One Super Weapon America Can't Seem to Match America Can No Longer Afford to Leave Taiwan Out of Its China Policy Air War: What If Russia's Lethal Su-35 Battled America's F-15? A Recent Report Warned China Could Have 351 Naval Vessels by 2020 Sergey Lavrov: The Interview The TOW Missile: The One Weapon That Could Make Russia's Super Armata Tank Obsolete? Pakistan Is No Friend to America Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Fri 31 Mar companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features sassa debacle rip ahmed kathrada #ctijf 2017 news politics business business report personal finance sport entertainment lifestyle motoring travel multimedia newspapers cape community about iol international International All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Sales slump forces Boeing to buy and lease its 747 jumbos International | 30 March 2017 Bloomberg London - Boeing has a temporary plan to save the iconic but slow-selling 747 jumbo jetliner: buying its own planes and leasing them to cargo haulers. With the effective shutdown by Congress of the US Export-Import Bank - which traditionally has helped overseas carriers purchase planes - Boeing lost a key sales tool. Making matters worse, leasing companies have been hesitant to finance a plane with a dwindling customer base.  So Boeing is now renting out the massive, hump-backed 747s to cargo carriers in countries such as Russia and Azerbaijan, which increases the company’s exposure to potential defaults on payments. Share this story A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 747-400, with Tail Number G-VROC, lands at San Francisco International Airport, San Francisco Through the end of last year, Boeing had provided financing valued at $1.26billion (R16.2bn) to 747 customers through Boeing Capital, regulatory filings show. That’s about a fivefold increase from the close of 2012. In fact, 747-related loans and operating leases now account for about one-quarter of the portfolio managed by Boeing’s lending arm. As the air-cargo market recovers, the strategy may pay off for Boeing. The manufacturer recently landed a crucial 747 order from United Parcel Service that could serve as a bridge to the future for the wide-body plane. But tomorrow’s 747 - a symbol of luxury travel when it made its debut with Pan-American World Airways in 1970 - most likely won’t be flying globe-trotting tourists. Read also: Boeing opens offices in Johannesburg and Nairobi It will instead haul oversize cargo like oil-drilling equipment as demand fades for bulky four-engine passenger carriers. “We believe in the long-term need for this aircraft,” said George Dimitroff, head of valuations for Flight Ascend Consultancy. “As long as they don’t over-produce, which Boeing aren’t doing at the current rate, we believe there will be long-term demand.” Boeing recorded more than $2.1bn in losses on the 747-8, the latest version, in 2015 and 2016 as it slowed production to keep pace with dwindling sales. The company received a big boost last year when UPS (United Parcel Service) ordered 14 of the jumbo freighters and took options that would double the original order size. The sale was the largest Boeing has landed for the redesigned 747 since 2007, the manufacturer’s website said. But it’s unusual and risky for a plane-maker to buy and lease its own product on a large scale.  Bloomberg Share this story Recommended For You Most Read 1 Zuma names 10 new ministers, 10 new deputies 2 'Remove me – if you dare' 3 #CabinetReshuffle: Who is the man in charge of SA's purse? 4 #CabinetReshuffle: Gigaba replaces Gordhan 5 Twitter reacts to #cabinetreshuffle Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © 2016 Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 43 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 31, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 31, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 43 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Boeing makes billion-dollar bet on 747 hauling cargo By JULIE JOHNSSON Bloomberg News First Published Mar 30 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Mar 30 2017 01:05 am Single page Share This Article Boeing has a temporary plan to save the iconic but slow-selling 747 jumbo jetliner: buying its own planes and leasing them to cargo haulers. With the effective shutdown by Congress of the Export-Import Bank — which traditionally has helped overseas carriers purchase planes — Boeing lost a key sales tool. Making matters worse, leasing companies have been hesitant to finance a plane with a dwindling customer base. So Boeing is now renting out the massive, hump-backed 747s to cargo carriers in countries such as Russia and Azerbaijan, which increases the company's exposure to potential defaults on payments. Through the end of last year, Boeing had provided financing valued at $1.26 billion to 747 customers through Boeing Capital Corp., regulatory filings show. VIDEOS TOP JOBS That's about a fivefold increase from the close of 2012. In fact, 747-related loans and operating leases now account for about one-quarter of the portfolio managed by Boeing's lending arm. As the air-cargo market recovers, the strategy may pay off for Boeing. The manufacturer recently landed a crucial 747 order from United Parcel Service Inc. that could serve as a bridge to the future for the wide-body plane. But tomorrow's 747 — a symbol of luxury travel when it made its debut with Pan-American World Airways in 1970 — most likely won't be flying globe-trotting tourists. It will instead haul oversize cargo like oil-drilling equipment as demand fades for bulky four-engine passenger carriers. "We believe in the long-term need for this aircraft," said George Dimitroff, head of valuations for Flight Ascend Consultancy. "As long as they don't over-produce, which Boeing aren't doing at the current rate, we believe there will be long-term demand." Boeing recorded more than $2.1 billion in losses on the 747-8, the latest version, in 2015 and 2016 as it slowed production to keep pace with dwindling sales. The company received a big boost last year when UPS ordered 14 of the jumbo freighters and took options that would double the original order size. The sale was the largest Boeing has landed for the redesigned 747 since November 2007, according to the manufacturer's website. It's unusual — and risky — for a planemaker to buy and lease its own product on a large scale. If the cargo carriers default or don't renew operating leases, it would be Boeing Capital's responsibility to line up other customers, a challenge in a niche market. If the plane experiences a greater-than-expected decline in value, Boeing's earnings or cash flow could be "materially adversely affected," according to the filing. Boeing's shares were little changed at $177.56 in New York Wednesday. They have gained 14 percent this year through Tuesday's close. It's also a shift for Boeing Capital, which has whittled down its loan portfolio by two-thirds from $12.2 billion at the start of 2004 as the unit shed its ambitions of becoming Boeing's answer to GE Capital. Since selling the General Electric unit a $2 billion commercial loan portfolio in 2004, Boeing Capital has focused on supporting the company's aircraft sales and managing a portfolio of loans and operating leases aimed primarily at out-of-production aircraft. The recent spate of 747-related operating leases isn't a reversal of that strategy, Timothy Myers, president of Boeing Capital, said in an interview. » Next page... 2 3 Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Draper pulls shelter sites after hundreds protest, boo homeless man Mormon blogger trumpets alt-right racial views, but is out of tune with her religion Accused former USU student Torrey Green texted 'they said i raped them yes i did' to friend Gehrke: What would the guy who couldn't find room at the inn think of our response to homeless shelt Monson: Tanner Mangum owns BYU football now ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
  TVNZ OnDemand 1 NEWS NOW   News Latest New Zealand World Entertainment Sport Latest Rugby League Football Netball Cricket Basketball Golf Tennis Other Sport weather live streams send us your story 1 NEWS team follow us News Sport Weather ° / ° North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Latest New Zealand World Entertainment New Zealand Boeing 767 retires from Air NZ fleet after 32 years – 'It led the field in technology' share         Source: Air New Zealand is saying goodbye to two Boeing 767 aircrafts which have served the airline over three decades, carrying the likes of Pope John Paul II and the Rolling Stones. The planes flew the Rolling Stones and the Pope, but has been replaced with a younger, more fuel efficient model. Source: Air New Zealand Senior Fleet Manager Captain Greg Liddy said pilots, engineers and crew had emotional attachment to the planes. "I've spent nearly 11-years of my career on this aircraft," he said speaking from the cockpit of the Boeing 767-300ER. "It was the first aircraft of its type to have TV screens. It led the field in technology, in the day." The planes have been replaced by Boeing 787-9 Dreamliners, which are more fuel efficient.  The Boeing 767-300ER will depart this evening on its last flight today from Sydney to Auckland. The two Boeing 767s have sold and will be used as freighter aircraft.  no more content back to top loading error refresh LATEST POPULAR FEATURED news 1 Typhoid outbreak in Auckland puts 10 people, some Pasifika, in hospitals 2 Live stream: 1 NEWS at 6pm 3 Live updates: Aaron Smith playing 100th match for Highlanders v Rebels 00:17 4 Shark surprise! Queensland locals come across stranded bull shark after Cyclone Debbie 02:31 5 'Let's get rid of it' – brave young woman meets battle with cancer head on 05:12 Veteran 1 NEWS sports reporter and TVNZ's voice of America's Cup Martin Tasker's last day at work "I've always said about the America's Cup, it's a game of life," he said. 01:46 Two bedroom Cambridge house wins Home of Year: 'Less about fancy, more about interesting problems' There's a bit of confusion as to how it won. 01:50 Water fountains and public taps turned off in Auckland to save water Recent flooding dramatically reduced the amount of water which could be treated. 02:13 Kuga owners say Ford took too long to launch recall after car fire over three months ago "On the 16th of December all five of my family members including myself could have died." 00:13 Video: Ihaka Stokes' protective grandpa prods crutch towards camera when leaving murder trial with baby's mum after GUILTY verdict It took just four hours to reach the verdict.   Top Copyright © TVNZ   Join the conversation and follow 1 NEWS on Facebook   Rolling stories and updates from the 1 NEWS team   Download the 1 NEWS app for iPhone, iPad and Android   Send us your footage or share your story with us Shows & Channels TVNZ 1 TVNZ 2 TVNZ OnDemand DUKE Kidzone Shortland Street Home and Away Kiwi Living 1 NEWS NOW TVNZ OnDemand Content Highlights Apps TVNZ OnDemand App for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch TVNZ OnDemand App for selected Samsung mobile and tablet devices TVNZ OnDemand App for Windows 10 devices 1 News Now on your mobile device TVNZ Info About TVNZ TVNZ Advertising Blacksand Media Releases Careers TVNZ Licensing Access Services Shop.TVNZ Help & More Contact TVNZ Contact TVNZ OnDemand TVNZ FAQ TVNZ OnDemand Help House Rules Competition Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy The Green Room
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Projects C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers Stäubli Electrical Connectors - Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Suppliers Rubb Buildings - Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Suppliers VPT - High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications Suppliers SCOTTY Group - Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Mar 31 2017 Deals this week: Boeing, Engineering Research and Consulting, Northrop Grumman The Boeing Company has secured a $24.68m contract modification for the Lot 5A production of QF-16 full-scale aerial target (FSAT). The deal was awarded by the US Air Force Life Cycle Management Center based at Eglin Air Force Base (Eglin AFB), Florida, and covers 18 QF-16 FSATs and 18 associated four-year warranties. Engineering Research and Consulting Inc has been awarded a $99m Seek Eagle modelling, analysis and tools support contract by the US Air Force Test Center, based at Eglin Air Force Base. The contractor will provide skills and expertise for engineering and analysis, project management, modelling and simulation, product development support and administrative functions up to September 2022. Northrop Grumman Technical Services has won a $16.92m engine overhaul contract from the US Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, based at Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma. The agreement will see company perform engine overhaul procedures for the US Air Force’s KC-10 Extender tanker aircraft at Cincinnati, Ohio, up to September. "Engineering Research and Consulting Inc has been awarded a $99m Seek Eagle modelling, analysis and tools support contract by the US Air Force Test Center." The Malaysian Ministry of Defense has awarded a contract to Europrop International GmbH in support of the Royal Malaysian Air Force's A400M military transport aircraft. Europrop will provide in-service support for engines aboard the Royal Malaysian Air Force's A400M military transport aircraft under the deal, in partnership with Global Turbine Asia. General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc has won a contract worth $12.25m to manufacture multiple kits for installation on the US Air Force’s MQ-9 Reaper Block 5 unmanned aerial vehicles. The deal was awarded by the US Air Force and covers 10 MQ-9 Block 5 extended range installation kits, ten beyond line of sight installation kits and ten Barrett asymmetric digital datalink computer installation kits, in addition to ten VORTEX installation kits. The work under the commitment is scheduled to be completed by March 2019. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. Air Force secretary nominee backs stealth aspect of F-35s Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Thu Mar 30, 2017 | 9:43pm EDT U.S. Air Force secretary nominee backs stealth aspect of F-35s By Mike Stone President Donald Trump's Air Force secretary nominee, Heather Wilson, told U.S. senators on Thursday that other jets lacked the stealth capability of Lockheed Martin Corp's F-35 fighter jet, in remarks suggesting the Pentagon's most expensive weapons system would have an important advocate. Wilson, a former U.S. representative from New Mexico, would become the top civilian overseeing the Air Force if confirmed by the Senate. Her purview would include weapons acquisitions like the stealthy F-35 jet. Asked if she felt it would make sense to rely on a spruced-up version of the F-18, she said: "As a general matter, the real thing I don't think you can do with an F-18 or an F-15 or an F-16 is give it stealth capability retroactively." Her comments are significant because Trump has suggested buying more Boeing Co F/A-18s, which he called "comparable" to the F-35. This is despite the F-35's status as a stealth aircraft, meaning it is difficult for enemy radar to detect. The 1990s-vintage F/A-18 does not use stealth technology. The U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Wilson's nomination touched on expanding the size of the Air Force, acquisitions of new space and cyber warfare capabilities as well as aircraft like the F-35. In January, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of two major aircraft acquisition programs including the F-35. The ongoing review is examining how to cut costs and also determine whether Boeing's F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, with improvements, could be an effective, less expensive alternative to the F-35C variant. Wilson did not delve into new acquisition program specifics during the hearing but said "the Air Force is too small for what the nation expects of it." She is the first civilian head of a military branch to testify before the Senate this year. Nominees for the Army and Navy have removed their names from consideration. A graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy, Wilson has been president of the South Dakota School of Mines & Technology since 2013 and said during her testimony that her nomination was "unexpected." The Senate must hold a vote to confirm Wilson as the secretary of the Air Force. (Reporting by Mike Stone in Arlington, Va.; Editing by Matthew Lewis) Next In Politics Ex-Trump adviser Flynn talking to Congress about testifying in Russia probe: lawyer WASHINGTON Donald Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, has offered to testify before congressional committees probing potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia but wants protection against "unfair prosecution," his lawyer said on Thursday. Trump to order trade abuses study, improve import duty collection WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump will sign executive orders on Friday aimed at identifying abuses that are causing massive U.S. trade deficits and clamping down on non-payment of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on imports, his top trade officials said. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BOC Aviation buys two Boeing aircraft for $758 mln Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States FRB | Thu Mar 30, 2017 | 9:15pm EDT BOC Aviation buys two Boeing aircraft for $758 mln HONG KONG BOC Aviation Ltd said on Friday it bought two Boeing 747-8 freighter aircraft for an aggregate list price of $758.2 million, as the aircraft lessor aims to build its balance sheet by investing in modern and in-demand aircraft. BOC Aviation said it bought the aircraft from subsidiaries of Boeing Co and concurrently accepted an assignment of the leases of the aircraft to cargo airline AirBridgeCargo Airlines LLC. The actual purchase price was lower than the list price, and the deal was funded through cash on hand, loans and other borrowings, the Hong Kong-listed firm said in a filing. BOC Aviation earlier this week posted a record full-year net profit, supported by growth in global air travel, and signaled an upbeat outlook. (Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Stephen Coates) Next In FRB China steps up Americas oil imports, Unipec backs 'new frontier' SINGAPORE China's largest crude oil buyer Sinopec aims to ship more cargoes from Brazil, the United States and Canada, to help ensure stable crude supplies as the Middle East boost refining capacity and Africa suffers disruptions. China steps up Americas oil imports, Unipec backs "new frontier" * China buys record Americas oil imports in March - Reuters data MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Friday , March 31 2017 English Français calling cards Balla Radio [live] Contact CameroonOnline.org Cameroon news, Actualité Camerounaise, live Web TV & Radio, World News and a lot more Home English Français Society Pour son épouse, Alexandre Song menace Eto’o de bagarre [+audio] 16 hours ago Meningitis outbreak reported in Yaounde Central Prison 3 days ago La décentralisation de la distribution des antirétroviraux s’intensifie au Cameroun 7 days ago Une employée de maison vide l’appartement de ses employeurs en leur absence 1 week ago Sports Après Hugo Broos, Oyongo Bitolo dégaine à son tour contre les responsables de la Fécafoot 15 hours ago La Fecafoot réagit aux propos de Broos 15 hours ago Cameroon coach Hugo Broos welcomes Fecafoot inquiry 16 hours ago Hugo Broos, «les joueurs n’ont pas mangé à midi par ce que l’hôtel n’était pas payé» [+vidéo] 2 days ago Business Ciment : LHMA lance une nouvelle usine au Cameroun 3 days ago Reeling from an internet shutdown, startups in Cameroon have created an “internet refugee camp” 3 days ago CFA 30bln to be raised for national air carrier bailout 3 days ago Réduction de 21% de la masse salariale de la Camair-Co (officiel) 3 days ago General MINEFI: Teachers stage protest against unpaid salaries 3 days ago 400 millions d’amende infligée à des bateaux chinois et nigérians 7 days ago Samuel Eto’o, ambassadeur de l’UNICEF au Cameroun 1 week ago American lawmakers speak out on Cameroon as lawyer’s trial looms 1 week ago Politique An arrest warrant has been issued against the former Cameroonian Minister of Finance, Essimi Menyé 16 hours ago Trial of Arrested Civil Society leaders adjourned again 4 days ago Le SDF se dit favorable au fédéralisme 4 days ago Cameroon Journalist Testifies He Is Not a Boko Haram Accomplice 4 days ago Africa US-led maritime exercise boosts capabilities of African navies 16 hours ago Burkina Faso-Nigeria friendly cancelled over UK visa refusals 3 days ago En Afrique, des prêtres pédophiles couverts par l’Église [+vidéo] 3 days ago Le Cameroun renvoie des milliers de réfugiés 1 week ago World Internet rights campaigners take on Cameroon’s govt over blackout 1 month ago Police arrest gang after investor had Dh3.6m stolen at Dubai hotel 1 month ago Vigil held from Md. man from Cameroon killed hours before his birthday 1 month ago UN team attacked on Cameroon-Nigeria border 2 months ago Watch LIVE TV LIVE music Breaking News Après Hugo Broos, Oyongo Bitolo dégaine à son tour contre les responsables de la Fécafoot La Fecafoot réagit aux propos de Broos Pour son épouse, Alexandre Song menace Eto’o de bagarre [+audio] An arrest warrant has been issued against the former Cameroonian Minister of Finance, Essimi Menyé Cameroon coach Hugo Broos welcomes Fecafoot inquiry US-led maritime exercise boosts capabilities of African navies Hugo Broos, «les joueurs n’ont pas mangé à midi par ce que l’hôtel n’était pas payé» [+vidéo] Hugo Broos en a marre Eto’o: “Mon rêve serait d’être le premier entraîneur africain à entraîner une grande équipe européenne.” [+vidéo] Ciment : LHMA lance une nouvelle usine au Cameroun Home / Business / CFA 30bln to be raised for national air carrier bailout CFA 30bln to be raised for national air carrier bailout 3 days ago 5 Comments Share Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn Pinterest Related Articles An arrest warrant has been issued against the former Cameroonian Minister of Finance, Essimi Menyé 16 hours ago Cameroon coach Hugo Broos welcomes Fecafoot inquiry 16 hours ago US-led maritime exercise boosts capabilities of African navies 16 hours ago APA – Douala (Cameroon) A bank syndicate led by Ecobank-Cameroon, the local subsidiary of the pan-African banking group could raise CFA30 billion to bail out national air carrier Camair-Co, the airline announced on Monday. Initially planned for five years, the recovery plan will finally last a period of seven years and will be aligned with the duration of the financing of the bank pool, the company explained. According to a statement to APA on Monday, the plan, with the help of experts from the American firm Boeing Consulting, will involve anticipating the deployment of cargo activity” with “A cargo Division”, which will include adding to the Camair-Co fleet a Boeing 737-400F freighter to generate new revenues by tapping into the potential of countries in the region. With this in mind, Camair-Co announces an increase in the frequency of domestic flights from 70 to 100 per week, with an intensification of its service in the north of the country and the opening of the new routes. With a view to successfully implementing this improved stimulus plan, Camair-Co just acquired two aircraft under lease, added to the implementation of a policy to reduce the company’s expenses. From this standpoint, for 2017 the plan projects savings to the tune of CFA16 billion, which has begun to be realized through the “relocation of the company’s headquarters to its own premises, the temporary suspension of unprofitable services, the reduction of 21 percent of its payroll.” Two years ago, Ecobank was already the leader of a banking pool that mobilized CFA25 billion for Camair-Co, a company still struggling six years after the launch of its operations. APAnews Share Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn Pinterest Check Also Ciment : LHMA lance une nouvelle usine au Cameroun Lafarge Holcim Maroc Afrique a récemment lancé une nouvelle unité de production d’une capacité de … 5 comments Palava no fine 3 days ago at 00:12 Always planing to fall, the white man has your balls and u can’t breath that’s why u will always go back to him for bailout/help/borrow. This is a carrier doom to fail, in Cameroon you can search and buy a flight ticket online, too much vachautes flying around from blotted ministers to their girl friends. Biya himself has one and is accountable to nobody as usual. Aircrafts being impounded around the world for not payment of taxes. It doesn’t matter if you give them $30bln, it will still be run to the ground because they can’t manage. Reply John Dinga 3 days ago at 01:10 In good hands, a fantastic potential employer if operated on strictly business principles – employ able hands, prioritize competition, use research-based decision making. Camair-Co can go places!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Reply Country Man 3 days ago at 01:15 It is not mandatory that every country must have an airline. If Cameroon after borrowing all the money in the past could not manage this airlines, sell the stuff and leave people at ease rather than go to get some more money and give these embezzlers. Than for me to pay a ticket to move thru Cameroon airlines, I better take a canoe. Reply bu 3 days ago at 08:35 A country whose leadership can’t manage itself thinks of managing an airlines company. The immediate thing that comes to a Cameroonians mind is how to use every given opportunity to his advantage a syndrome from Yde elite. Corruption infested people. Once Cameroon s leadership shall leave Yde control… Camair co is doomed to fail Reply Mimba 2 hours ago at 02:02 what a joke .. Ethiopian airways is counting billions of dollar wonna di talk CFA .. what a joke Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  characters available Name * Email * Website Cameroon TV LIVE | Télévision en ligne Random Quote An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. — Gandhi Météo 23C Yaounde thunderstorm humidity: 88% wind: 3km/h WNW H 23 • L 23 29C Sat 20C Sun 26C Mon 26C Tue 26C Wed Cameroon Music Trending News… past 48 hours Hugo Broos, «les joueurs n’ont pas mangé �... 14 An arrest warrant has been issued against the form... 7 Pour son épouse, Alexandre Song menace Eto’... 7 Après Hugo Broos, Oyongo Bitolo dégaine à son t... 2 La Fecafoot réagit aux propos de Broos 2 Télévisions en direct Videos Eto’o: “Mon rêve serait d’être le premier entraîneur africain à entraîner une grande équipe européenne.” [+vidéo] 3 days ago Replay: Friendly, Cameroon vs Tunisia – Full match [+video] 6 days ago Rugby helps youths in football-mad Cameroon [+video] 2 weeks ago Retombées de la CAN: une Mercedes-Benz GLA offerte à Michael Ngadeu [+vidéo] 1 month ago Bidoung Kpwatt se prononce enfin sur le «Bidoung Challenge» [+vidéo] 1 month ago Timeline 15 hours ago Après Hugo Broos, Oyongo Bitolo dégaine à son tour contre les responsables de la Fécafoot 15 hours ago La Fecafoot réagit aux propos de Broos 16 hours ago Pour son épouse, Alexandre Song menace Eto’o de bagarre [+audio] Currency exchange rate to CFA Franc 612.91 USD 0.00% 654.64 EUR –0.06% 459.55 CAD –0.04% 88.83 CNY –0.15% 765.67 GBP +0.12% Currency exchange rates in XAF on March 31, 2017 Popular Posts Cameroon’s Presidential Couple Travels to Italy 2 weeks ago 32 Cameroun : le Canada comme médiateur de la crise anglophone ? 7 days ago 21 Members of the National Commission on the Promotion of Bilingualism and Multiculturalism appointed 2 weeks ago 19 MINEFI: Teachers stage protest against unpaid salaries 3 days ago 18 Find us on Facebook @Follow CameroonOnline https://t.co/QgOpms8omR Après Hugo Broos, Oyongo Bitolo dégaine à son tour contre les responsables de la Fécafoo... https://t.co/5dW6DmXkl43 days ago ago https://t.co/N0sDt5S16d La Fecafoot réagit aux propos de Broos La Fédération camerounaise de football a réagi a... https://t.co/g83l0JtK3d3 days ago ago 21C Bamenda broken clouds humidity: 62% wind: 1km/h NW H 21 • L 21 31C Sat 28C Sun 28C Mon 30C Tue 25C Wed 27C Douala thunderstorm humidity: 83% wind: 1km/h N H 27 • L 27 31C Sat 25C Sun 32C Mon 33C Tue 29C Wed 22C Garoua clear sky humidity: 55% wind: 2km/h NNW H 22 • L 22 40C Sat 36C Sun 38C Mon 38C Tue 37C Wed Designed by balla © Copyright 2017, CameroonOnline.ORG All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Economy Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Economy class squeeze: why Cathay Pacific needs to trade in passenger comfort for profits  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post News›Hong Kong›Economy Cathay Pacific Cathay Pacific Economy class squeeze: why Cathay Pacific needs to trade in passenger comfort for profits The premium carrier had a difficult 2016 and has fallen behind its rivals in adding an extra seat PUBLISHED : Friday, 31 March, 2017, 8:31am UPDATED : Friday, 31 March, 2017, 8:30am Comments:   Danny Lee danny.lee@scmp.com http://twitter.com/JournoDannyAsia Share PrintEmail Related topics Cathay Pacific More on this story Economy Cathay Pacific to squeeze in more seats in bid to reverse losses 31 Mar 2017 Economy Size matters when it comes to air travellers 31 Mar 2017 Related Articles Economy Size matters when it comes to air travellers 31 Mar 2017 Economy Cathay Pacific to squeeze in more seats in bid to reverse losses 31 Mar 2017 Companies Comment: Cathay Pacific is a flawed business in a changing world 27 Mar 2017 Cathay Pacific economy class passengers have long enjoyed a more spacious ride, but pressure on the loss-making airline’s bottom line has forced it to sacrifice comfort for a much-needed revenue boost. With real estate at 35,000 feet becoming increasingly more expensive, the Hong Kong carrier has found that its roomy nine seats per row arrangement is simply no longer viable. Cathay Pacific must push ahead with its restructuring By no means was Cathay the first the come to such a conclusion. Several years ago, Air Canada faced similar financial hardship and managed to turn itself around by trading comfort for profit. The Canadian carrier increased the number of seats to 10 per row in economy class, cutting costs by 15 per cent in a single stroke. On its Hong Kong-Vancouver route, Cathay’s Boeing 777 can carry up to 275 passengers, however, far more of the plane is taken up by spacious premium economy, business and first class seating. Meanwhile, Air Canada can fit 450 passengers onto the same aircraft and with more lower-priced tickets available, finds it easier to fill the flights. “Their average cost per seat mile is lowered today by going to a higher density configuration. For [airlines], it’s one of the few ways to compete,” Raymond Kollau, founder of aviation consultancy Airline Trends, said. “Ten seats is the standard. “These carriers have had no other choice but to compete with passengers in economy, and now Asia is following. It is either fierce competition or trouble at home... now they have no other choice to densify economy.” Size matters when it comes to Hong Kong air travellers Almost all major airlines have beaten Cathay to increasing density in economy class, albeit at the discomfort of passengers. Emirates Airlines was the first to bring the squeeze, and others soon followed: Air France, American Airlines, Air Canada and China Airlines. Taiwan’s Eva Air opted for the tighter layout halfway through its latest delivery of new Boeing 777s. Singapore Airlines, like Cathay, is the exception to the rule and has so far not added the extra seat. But the strategy has found the airline in a similar financial predicament as the Hong Kong carrier. “If you can’t beat them, join them,” Kollau said. Being behind on economy class density has undermined and eroded Cathay’s dominant position at Hong Kong International Airport, where it controls almost 50 per cent of take-off and landing slots. Will Horton from the Centre for Aviation (CAPA) said Cathay’s competitors could fly more passengers on the same plane, yet do so at a lower cost and make more money. Now, the beleaguered Hong Kong airline has been left at a “competitive disadvantage”. A DIFFICULT 2016 With Cathay recording losses of HK$575 million in 2016, management is bracing for the biggest overhaul of the company in 20 years. Contributing to the loss was lower than average business class customers, heightened competition from cheaper Chinese carriers and declining visitor numbers in Hong Kong. It also encountered geopolitical and economic headwinds, and is still feeling the pain of its fuel hedging strategy. Still, passengers continued to flock to the airline. Cathay Pacific recorded a healthy load factor – a measure of how full flights are – of 84.5 per cent in 2016. Despite the good result, Cathay was still short on breaking even. The airline’s chairman, John Slosar, alluded to the task ahead during the company’s annual results release. “Mainland Chinese airlines increased their global reach,” he said. “We have to find ways to attract customers to fly with Cathay Pacific. We can operate in lower cost, be more agile and provide better service to our customers.” Adding 10 per cent more seats to economy class and cutting 30 per cent of the airline’s staff costs at its headquarters are crucial elements of the airline’s three-year restructuring plan. IN SEARCH OF PROFITS Cathay Pacific has arrived late to the party and fallen behind its rivals by not yet increasing density in economy class. In fact, Cathay is feeling the pressure across all sections of the aircraft. At the front of the plane, fewer Cathay travellers have been willing to fork out the money for a business or first class seat, while its spacious economy class is as full as ever. Adding extra seats would “definitely help” the airline return to profit at a marginal additional cost, Geoffrey Cheng, head of transportation and industrial research at Bank of Communications International Holdings (BOCOM), said. His comments reflect a wider belief among aviation industry observers that Cathay Pacific has simply been too slow to make more money from its long-haul travel. Achim Czerny, an associate professor in aviation management at Hong Kong Polytechnic University, said the airline was playing catch-up. Hong Kong Cathay Pacific passengers to feel the squeeze in push for profits “By adopting the strategy, you’re not getting ahead, but if you adopt a successful strategy, you are not being left behind,” Czerney said. “In this environment it makes a lot of sense and is a sensible strategy.” However the airline sincerely believes it can catch up and get ahead of the competition. “We are not alone. Actually, we are late in the game... But the overall customer experience is a lot more important than whether it’s a 3-4-3 or a 3-3-3 configuration,” Paul Loo, Cathay’s director of corporate development and IT, told analysts during the results release earlier this month. Cathay Pacific reports first loss since 2008 as rivals’ cheaper fares erode margins STILL A “5-STAR” AIRLINE? Cathay Pacific has long been known for premium and quality and is one of only nine airlines in the world to be classed as a “five-star airline”. The elephant in the room, however, is whether an airline can legitimately still be considered “premium” when it has sacrificed passenger comfort for profits by adding the additional seat in its economy class. “Everyone is hoping Cathay Pacific will maintain its premium status, but the reality is if they really want to compete, adding extra seats will lower its average cost per seat and in the circumstances, it’s a fact of life for competition reasons,” BOCOM’s Cheng said. Kollau believed Cathay could retain its premium image in economy, and praised the airline for its unique six-way headrest on the Airbus A350 aircraft. We have to find ways to attract customers to fly with Cathay Pacific. We can operate in lower cost, be more agile and provide better service to our customers Cathay Pacific chairman, John Slosar “I think Cathay can still maintain that attractiveness... besides offering a better economy product, they can combine it with data to make a more personalised service or offering. They do have a good selling point to build on, and for now, they are well positioned,” he said. Fellow “five-star” airlines – Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways and Eva Air – have all made the move to a more cramped cabin. “Whether we believe in premium or not – yes, we are still in the long-haul network premium model,” Loo said. Indeed, the airline would hang on to its premium reputation with passengers if it kept the spacious nine-seat arrangement. However, Cathay is stuck between a rock and a hard place, according to Czerney. The airline is faced with increasing demand and an airport quickly reaching capacity. Hong Kong International Airport hosted 70 million passengers last year alone. “It’s difficult to add new flights to Hong Kong, but there is a lot of growth. What can you do? You can just squeeze in more passengers into an aircraft,” the PolyU academic said. “Because of the growing demand, they may be able to serve more passengers at an even higher price.” Why Hong Kong and Singapore must help their airlines soar At the end of the day, the tighter squeeze in the sky may not be so bad for the Hong Kong traveller. Without more seats in economy class and with all airlines flying out of Hong Kong airport facing the same limitations to growth, pressure would be on carriers to increase airfares. “In the long run it will be successful,” Czerney said. “Why? Because passengers care for the price, so if you can offer more seats at a slightly lower price, you will get the passenger and will also earn more money, and be profitable.” The next challenge on the horizon for Cathay, and other major carriers, is the onslaught of budget airlines offering long-haul flights. And with another runway opening at the Hong Kong airport, Kallau says all carriers would be assessing their position. “It wouldn’t surprise me since they are all feeling the squeeze from the Gulf carriers and next – from long-haul low cost in future,” he said.   Most Popular Viewed 1 US diplomat charged with lying over contact with Chinese agents 2 Ivanka –Trump’s China charmer-in-chief 3 Cathay Pacific to squeeze in more seats in bid to reverse losses 4 Action urged on Hong Kong flat grabs in first-time buys 5 Tillerson warns of US military strike on North Korea Shared 1 US diplomat charged with lying over contact with Chinese agents 2 America’s hidden role in Chinese weapons research 3 Ivanka –Trump’s China charmer-in-chief 4 Cathay Pacific to squeeze in more seats in bid to reverse losses 5 China building navy’s biggest amphibious assault vessel Commented 1 China’s Xinjiang passes law to curb ‘religious extremism’ 2 777: A lesson in numerology for those who hate Carrie Lam 3 Rates will do nothing to burst Hong Kong property bubble 4 Cathay Pacific to squeeze in more seats in bid to reverse losses 5 Action urged on Hong Kong flat grabs in first-time buys       You may also like Society The Indonesian child maids of Hong Kong, Singapore 26 Mar 2017 - 12:36am 12 Your partner in the cloud In partnership with: Alibaba Cloud Opinion Why a Beijing-Taipei conflict would be lose-lose on all levels 25 Mar 2017 - 6:34pm 34 The very best in British Early Childhood Education Sponsored by Mount Kelly International School Politics John Tsang: popular with the people, not with the voters 29 Mar 2017 - 12:15am 25 Politics How Hong Kong’s Carrie Lam went from protester to leader in waiting 25 Mar 2017 - 2:34pm 11 Hong Kong Escalator going ‘twice as fast’: witnesses relive mall accident that injured 18 26 Mar 2017 - 7:21pm 28 News Teenage Singaporean blogger Amos Yee granted asylum in U.S. 25 Mar 2017 - 11:29pm 127 World Chinese elders’ Canada immigration bids bog down in Hong Kong 23 Mar 2017 - 12:58pm 27 China Chinese soccer fans flock to the streets after surprise win over South Korea 24 Mar 2017 - 8:41am 22 China 300 flights axed as Beijing airport shuts runway for repairs 23 Mar 2017 - 11:40pm China Hong Kong hopes for boom from AIIB club 24 Mar 2017 - 12:00am 11 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Inflight Entertainment Market by Fit, Aircraft Type, Product Type, Region - Global Forecast to 2022 News provided by Reportlinker Mar 30, 2017, 17:42 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- "Enhancing passenger experience is one of the most significant factors driving the inflight entertainment (IFE) market" The inflight entertainment (IFE) market is projected to grow from an estimated USD 3.18 billion in 2016 to USD 6.91 million by 2022, at a CAGR of 13.80% during the forecast period. This growth is mainly attributed to factors such as the increase in demand for new aircraft and emergence of new technologies. However, the regulatory framework & certification, and increase in the overall weight of aircraft is expected to restrain the growth of this market. "The narrow body segment is estimated to constitute the largest market share" By aircraft type, the narrow body segment of the inflight entertainment (IFE) market is estimated to have constituted the largest share in 2016. Increase in demand by regional airliners is one of the driving factors for narrow body aircraft segment, globally. According to Boeing Outlook 2016, the global fleet size of narrow body aircraft is 14,870. The Asia-Pacific region and North America have the largest fleet of narrow body aircraft, with 4,540 and 4,010 aircraft respectively. By the end of 2035, the global fleet size of narrow body aircraft is expected to reach 32,280. The number of narrow body aircraft deliveries from 2016 to 2035 is expected to be 28,140, of which the Asia-Pacific region is expected to account for almost 39.65% of the total expected deliveries by 2035. "The linefit segment is estimated to have accounted for the largest share of the inflight entertainment (IFE) market" Based on fit, the linefit segment is estimated to have accounted for the largest share in the inflight entertainment (IFE) market in 2016. Increasing aircraft deliveries is the driver for the linefit segment in the inflight entertainment (IFE) market. "North America is estimated to have accounted for the largest market share during the forecast period" Based on region, North America is estimated to have accounted for the largest share of the inflight entertainment (IFE) market in 2016. Some of the major aircraft manufacturers, such as Boeing (U.S.), Bombardier (Canada), Lockheed Martin (U.S.), Bell Helicopter (U.S.), and Sikorsky Aircraft (U.S.), among others are based in this region, and they generate a huge demand for inflight entertainment (IFE). North America is also projected to lead the inflight entertainment (IFE) market during the forecast period, in terms of market share. Break-up of profile of primary participants in the inflight entertainment (IFE) market: - By Company Type - Tier 1 – 30%, Tier 2 – 35%, and Tier 3 – 35% - By Designation – C Level – 32%, Director Level – 38%, and Others – 30% - By Region – North America - 27%, Europe – 18%, Asia-Pacific – 46%, and RoW – 9% Major companies profiled in the report include Thales Group (France), Rockwell Collins, Inc. (U.S.), Gogo LLC (U.S.), Honeywell International, Inc. (U.S.), Zodiac Aerospace (France), and Global Eagle Entertainment (U.S.), among others. Research Coverage: This research report categorizes the inflight entertainment (IFE) market on the basis of aircraft type (narrow body, wide body, very large body, and business jets), fit (linefit, and retrofit), and product type (IFE hardware, IFE connectivity & communication, and IFE content). These segments and subsegments are further mapped across major regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and rest of the world. Reasons to buy this report: From an insight perspective, this research report has focused on various levels of analyses —industry analysis (industry trends), market share analysis of top players, supply chain analysis, and company profiles, which together comprise and discuss basic views on the competitive landscape, emerging and high-growth segments of the inflight entertainment (IFE) market, high-growth regions, and market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. The report provides insights on the following pointers: - Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on inflight entertainment (IFE)s offered by top players in the market - Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on upcoming technologies, research & development activities, and new product launches in the inflight entertainment (IFE) market - Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative markets – the report analyzes the inflight entertainment (IFE) market across varied regions - Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped regions, recent developments, and investments in the inflight entertainment (IFE) market - Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, growth strategies, products, and manufacturing capabilities of leading players in the inflight entertainment (IFE) market Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04804576-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/inflight-entertainment-market-by-fit-aircraft-type-product-type-region---global-forecast-to-2022-300432284.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Mar 30, 2017, 17:43 ET Preview: Retail M2M and IoT Applications 5th Edition Mar 30, 2017, 17:39 ET Preview: Cellular and LPWA IoT Device Ecosystems My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 30, 2017, 17:55 ETGrowth Opportunities in the US HVAC Equipment Market Mar 30, 2017, 17:53 ETDairy-Based & Soy-Based Desserts (Dairy & Soy Food) Market in... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Entertainment Publishing & Information Services Travel Industry You just read: Inflight Entertainment Market by Fit, Aircraft Type, Product Type, Region - Global Forecast to 2022 News provided by Reportlinker Mar 30, 2017, 17:42 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Wayne Slezak United Airlines' new luxury Polaris cabin grounded with delays in seat production Filed under Airlines at 11 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now United Airlines faces a new setback in its bid to win back business customers as production snags hinder deliveries of Boeing Co. jetliners outfitted with new luxury seats. "Short delays" are affecting two 777-300ER aircraft with United's Polaris luxury interiors, said Megan McCarthy, a spokeswoman for the airline. United and the planemaker are working with French seatmaker Zodiac Aerospace to expedite shipments, said McCarthy and Doug Alder, a spokesman for Boeing. The stumbles will slow United's efforts to woo international travelers with a rebranding campaign centered on the Polaris cabins, which offer pod-style suites with Zodiac's lie-flat berths. Zodiac, which agreed to be acquired by Safran SA, has also held back production of Airbus Group SE's marquee A350 with delays of seats and lavatories. "It's not just seatless in Seattle, it's seatless in Toulouse," said aviation consultant Robert Mann, referring to the planemakers' manufacturing hubs and a Tom Hanks movie. "It's a serious problem and it's been building." United Continental Holdings Inc. rose 1.1 percent to $70.63 at 10:35 a.m. in New York. Zodiac slid 0.9 percent to 23.36 euros in Paris. 'Consequential Damages' Even delays of a month or two could hurt Chicago-based United if, after a year of marketing build-up, the airline misses a chance to deploy the brand-new 777s on high-profile routes to Asia during the peak summer travel season, Mann said by phone. "You can only make the most money when you have a product in the market at the right time," Mann said. "You are talking consequential damages." Boeing may have to park additional United planes if Zodiac can't provide the complex seats on schedule. For the Chicago-based manufacturer and Airbus, receiving lie-flat seats at the right time is crucial because the products can require extensive rewiring, ductwork changes and reinforced cabin floors. When deliveries run late, planemakers may be forced to remove fittings such as galleys and lavatories so the berths can be installed. It's the latest in a series of production stumbles for Plaisir, France-based Zodiac, which warned this month that fiscal 2017 operating profit would plunge 10 percent. Delays also slowed deliveries of Boeing 787 Dreamliners to customers such as American Airlines Group Inc. over the past two years. At United, Zodiac seats are being installed first on the 777-300ER fleet, then on the carrier's 787-10 and Airbus A350-1000 jets. Existing 767-300 and 777-200 aircraft also will be retrofitted with the cabins. "We're not happy, period," United Chief Executive Officer Oscar Munoz told investors at a JPMorgan Chase & Co. event this month. "But rather than just be unhappy, we've got people on site with the folks there to make sure that we can expedite and accelerate as much as we can." Factory Bottlenecks Zodiac on March 14 revealed bottlenecks at the Cwmbran, Wales, plant where the Polaris seats are manufactured, as well as problems at U.S. factories that make lavatories for Airbus. The latest production meltdown prompted TCI Fund Management Ltd. to urge Paris-based Safran to abandon its acquisition of the seatmaker. Zodiac declined to comment on United, a spokeswoman said Thursday. The company said in the March 14 statement that the snags in Wales were "generating significant disruptions and delays that are currently being addressed." The production issues plaguing Zodiac are "probably the worst that the seat-supplier sector has seen in a decade," said Gary Weissel, managing officer with Tronos Aviation Consulting Inc. The French company has lost market share and sales, and been sued by American for fouling up 787 deliveries -- a cost typically borne by the carrier, not the planemaker. Zodiac has struggled to integrate acquisitions and hire an adequate engineering force to design seats as expensive and complex as a luxury sports car. "Most people don't understand the complexity of the products, which must also meet rigorous safety and certification standards for federal aviation regulators," Weissel said. "It's a combination of engineering, design and artistry all coming together." -By Michael Sasso and Julie Johnsson, Bloomberg View Comments Tags Airlines Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Skip to main content Search form Search Tarpit Main menu News All News Acquisition & Contracting Cyber Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe Chapter News Reprints Sample Digital Issue Blog Blog Home Guest Blog Guidelines Acquisition Cyber Defense Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Newsletters SIGNAL Connections Subscribe Webinars/Online Events Resource Library Advertise About SIGNAL Media 2017 Media Kit Advertisers FAQ Advertiser Press Releases Contact Us U.S. Military Successfully Demonstrates Microdrone Swarm Home / Acquisition and Contracting / Boeing to Sustain Saudi Radar Systems Blog: Boeing to Sustain Saudi Radar Systems March 30, 2017 The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, has been awarded an $18,719,151 modification (19) to previously awarded contract (F33657‐01‐D‐0026‐RJ80). Contractor will provide sustainment of the AN/APG‐63(V)1, AN/APG‐ 63(V)2, AN/APG‐63(V)3, and Talon HATE radar subsystems for the Air Force Air National Guard, and Royal Saudi Air Force. Work will be performed at Forest, Mississippi, and is expected to be complete by July 31, 2017. This contract involves foreign military sales. Foreign military sales; fiscal 2017 centralized asset management; and fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $18,719,151 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, is the contracting activity.   Departments:  Acquisition and Contracting Tags:  Boeing Saudi Arabia Air Force Contract Awards Tarpit SIGNAL BLOGS Acquisition and Contracting Cyber Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Career Progressions Cool App-titude           About Us About SIGNAL Meet the Staff SIGNAL's Awards Writer's Guide Guest Blogging Guidelines Legal AFCEA Privacy Policy Copyright Disclaimers For Bloggers and Educators AFCEA About AFCEA Join AFCEA Membership AFCEA Chapters AFCEA Events AFCEA Small Business Member Login Contact Us Editorial 703-631-6192 Customer Service 703-631-6100 Advertising 703-631-6181 E-mail Us Contact Form   © AFCEA International. All rights reserved. 4400 Fair Lakes Court, Fairfax, VA 22033
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News KB Home (KBH) Given “Hold” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Park National Co. (PRK) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research SYNNEX Co. (SNX) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Ashtead Group plc (AHT) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,920 at Royal Bank of Canada Boeing Co (BA) Now Covered by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Snap Inc (SNAP) Receives “Buy” Rating from Robert W. Baird Accsys Technologies Plc’s (AXS) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) Receives “Buy” Rating from Wunderlich Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Sierra Wireless, Inc. (SWIR) Maxim Group Reaffirms Buy Rating for Soligenix Inc (SNGXD) Innocoll Holdings PLC (INNL) Upgraded to “Outperform” at JMP Securities Lassonde Industries Inc (LAS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by National Bank Financial Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Price Target Raised to $36.00 T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC G4S plc (GFS) Price Target Raised to GBX 350 at Royal Bank of Canada Berendsen PLC (BRSN) Lowered to Underperform at Royal Bank of Canada Delphi Energy Corp. (DEE) to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts SurModics, Inc. (SRDX) Given $34.63 Average Price Target by Brokerages Barclays PLC Cuts Werner Enterprises, Inc. (WERN) Price Target to $25.00 Analysts Set $4.25 Target Price for Dextera Surgical Inc (DXTR) Boeing Co (BA) Now Covered by Analysts at Berenberg Bank March 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Berenberg Bank initiated coverage on shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The brokerage issued a buy rating and a $202.00 price target on the aircraft producer’s stock. BA has been the topic of several other research reports. Vetr downgraded shares of Boeing from a hold rating to a sell rating and set a $150.88 target price on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Robert W. Baird reissued an outperform rating and issued a $182.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and issued a $175.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research note on Sunday, January 29th. Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of Boeing from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating and increased their target price for the company from $185.00 to $190.00 in a research note on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Argus increased their target price on shares of Boeing to $185.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $161.35. Boeing (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.2143% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $178.0107. 207,817 shares of the company traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average is $176.37 and its 200-day moving average is $154.73. Boeing has a 52 week low of $122.35 and a 52 week high of $185.71. The stock has a market capitalization of $109.03 billion, a PE ratio of 23.3917 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.60 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Boeing will post $9.31 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/30/boeing-co-ba-now-covered-by-analysts-at-berenberg-bank.html. In other Boeing news, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total transaction of $163,930.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total transaction of $17,022,860.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203 in the last three months. 0.58% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Capital World Investors boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 5.7% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 50,414,174 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $6,641,563,000 after buying an additional 2,737,375 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 4.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 28,345,503 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $4,412,830,000 after buying an additional 1,323,732 shares during the period. Capital Research Global Investors boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 4.3% in the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 20,586,605 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $2,712,079,000 after buying an additional 857,985 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 2.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 8,150,012 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $1,073,683,000 after buying an additional 195,326 shares during the period. Finally, Morgan Stanley boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 27.0% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 5,580,896 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $735,229,000 after buying an additional 1,186,424 shares during the period. 74.66% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests WIN: Bracket Busters 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead 2017-03-30T19:19:25Z2017-03-30T19:19:25Z (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool). FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 file photo, U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, member of the main crew of the expedition to the International Space Station, waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship a... By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman - eight - and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking - just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. As Whitson and Kimbrough installed the three remaining shields, Mission Control quickly came up with a TV MacGyver-like plan for a patch. The astronauts filled the gap using the cover that they had just removed from the relocated docking port. The cover is made of the same material as the shielding, according to Mission Control, and just as capable of protecting against potential strikes by bits of space debris and providing thermal control. The entire space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. It was not immediately clear how the shield got away, said NASA spokesman Dan Huot. It's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Frustration was evident in Whitson's voice as she told Mission Control about the mishap. She was delighted, though, by how well everything turned out. "You guys came up with a fantastic plan - on short notice. That's amazing," Whitson radioed. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. But the getaway items are usually small, like bolts. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, when unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station's commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Oakland officials: Candle ignited fire that killed 4 Oakland officials: Candle ignited fire that killed 4 Posted: Friday, March 31 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-03-31 06:36:59 GMT Updated: Friday, March 31 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-03-31 06:36:59 GMT Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> Judge appears close to approving Trump University settlement Judge appears close to approving Trump University settlement Posted: Friday, March 31 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-03-31 06:36:30 GMT Updated: Friday, March 31 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-03-31 06:36:31 GMT U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel is once again reflecting on his second-oldest case _ a nearly seven-year-old lawsuit alleging that Donald Trump defrauded students of the now-defunct Trump University before he...More >> U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel is once again reflecting on his second-oldest case _ a nearly seven-year-old lawsuit alleging that Donald Trump defrauded students of the now-defunct Trump University before he was president.More >> Oakland officials: Burning candle started deadly fire Oakland officials: Burning candle started deadly fire Posted: Thursday, March 30 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-03-31 02:36:25 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-03-31 02:36:25 GMT Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> SpaceX launches its first recycled rocket in historic leap SpaceX launches its first recycled rocket in historic leap Posted: Thursday, March 30 2017 10:06 PM EDT2017-03-31 02:06:12 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 10:06 PM EDT2017-03-31 02:06:12 GMT SpaceX is set to launch its first recycled rocket with a satellite on top.More >> SpaceX is set to launch its first recycled rocket with a satellite on top.More >> Oklahoma Bar Association opens investigation of ex-AG Pruitt Oklahoma Bar Association opens investigation of ex-AG Pruitt Posted: Thursday, March 30 2017 9:26 PM EDT2017-03-31 01:26:31 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 9:26 PM EDT2017-03-31 01:26:31 GMT The Oklahoma Bar Association is investigating an ethics complaint against former state Attorney General Scott Pruitt, now administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.More >> The Oklahoma Bar Association is investigating an ethics complaint against former state Attorney General Scott Pruitt, now administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it KidsPost NASA’s Peggy Whitson sets spacewalk record Eighth time venturing out of International Space Station is the most for a woman. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Eighth time venturing out of International Space Station is the most for a woman. Astronaut Peggy Whitson works outside the International Space Station on Thursday, when she broke the record for the most spacewalks by a woman. Whitson, 57, is making her eighth career spacewalk. (NASA/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images) By Associated Press By Associated Press March 30 at 10:59 AM The world’s oldest and most experienced spacewoman, Peggy Whitson, broke another record Thursday as she floated out of the International Space Station to set up a new parking spot. It was the eighth spacewalk of her career, the most ever performed by a woman. [Whitson becomes oldest woman to travel in space.] Whitson and her spacewalking partner, station commander Shane Kimbrough, ventured out to complete prep work on a docking port. Kimbrough disconnected the port during a spacewalk last Friday and then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new location Sunday. It will serve as a parking spot for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. The spacewalkers needed to hook up vital heater cables to the docking port and install shields to protect against strikes by micrometeorites. Whitson, shown in November before her launch to the space station, was also expected to break the record Thursday for most spacewalk hours by a woman. (Dmitri Lovetsky/AP) “You guys be safe and enjoy your time out,” French astronaut Thomas Pesquet radioed from inside the space station. This will serve as the second of two docking ports for the future SpaceX and Boeing crew capsules. SpaceX will launch the final piece of this port later this year or early next year. Midway through Thursday’s spacewalk, Whitson will surpass the current record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former space station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she’s spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She’s scheduled to return to Earth in June but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that’s due to launch next month and return in September. A decision is expected soon. [Read stories about NASA’s “Journey to Mars.”] NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment containing replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida; the delivery should have been there by now. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance’s Atlas V to haul up the goods. 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 3/30/2017 8:30 AM Boeing makes billion-dollar bet on 747 for cargo Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close A worker walks near a 747-8 airplane at the Boeing Co. facility in Everett, Washington. Boeing is now renting out the massive, hump-backed 747s to cargo carriers in countries such as Russia and Azerbaijan. Bloomberg/David Ryder, 2015   Julie Johnsson Bloomberg Boeing has a temporary plan to save the iconic but slow-selling 747 jumbo jetliner: buying its own planes and leasing them to cargo haulers. With the effective shutdown by Congress of the Export-Import Bank -- which traditionally has helped overseas carriers purchase planes -- Boeing lost a key sales tool. Making matters worse, leasing companies have been hesitant to finance a plane with a dwindling customer base. So Boeing is now renting out the massive, hump-backed 747s to cargo carriers in countries such as Russia and Azerbaijan, which increases the company's exposure to potential defaults on payments. Through the end of last year, Boeing had provided financing valued at $1.26 billion to 747 customers through Boeing Capital Corp., regulatory filings show. That's about a fivefold increase from the close of 2012. In fact, 747-related loans and operating leases now account for about one-quarter of the portfolio managed by Boeing's lending arm. As the air-cargo market recovers, the strategy may pay off for Boeing. The manufacturer recently landed a crucial 747 order from United Parcel Service Inc. that could serve as a bridge to the future for the wide-body plane. But tomorrow's 747 -- a symbol of luxury travel when it made its debut with Pan-American World Airways in 1970 -- most likely won't be flying globe-trotting tourists. It will instead haul oversize cargo like oil-drilling equipment as demand fades for bulky four-engine passenger carriers. "We believe in the long-term need for this aircraft," said George Dimitroff, head of valuations for Flight Ascend Consultancy. "As long as they don't over-produce, which Boeing aren't doing at the current rate, we believe there will be long-term demand." Boeing recorded more than $2.1 billion in losses on the 747-8, the latest version, in 2015 and 2016 as it slowed production to keep pace with dwindling sales. The company received a big boost last year when UPS ordered 14 of the jumbo freighters and took options that would double the original order size. The sale was the largest Boeing has landed for the redesigned 747 since November 2007, according to the manufacturer's website. It's unusual -- and risky -- for a plane maker to buy and lease its own product on a large scale. If the cargo carriers default or don't renew operating leases, it would be Boeing Capital's responsibility to line up other customers, a challenge in a niche market. If the plane experiences a greater-than-expected decline in value, Boeing's earnings or cash flow could be "materially adversely affected," according to the filing. Boeing's shares were little changed at $177.56 in New York Wednesday. They have gained 14 percent this year. Tweet This article filed under: Business Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Home More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Beauty Pageants Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Elections 2017 Business Business India Business International Business Photos Videos Sectors More FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News » World's oldest spacewoman sets spacewalking record World's oldest spacewoman sets spacewalking record The world's oldest and most experienced spacewoman, Peggy Whitson, broke another record Thursday as she floated out of the International Space Station to set up a new parking spot. It was the eighth spacewalk of her career, the most ever performed by a woman.AP | Updated: Mar 30, 2017, 06.25 PM IST Highlights Peggy Whitson, broke record on Thursday as she floated out of the International Space Station to set up a new parking spot. It was the eighth spacewalk of her career, the most ever performed by a woman. Through Thursday's spacewalk, Whitson will surpass the current record for women of 50 hrs and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time.Astronaut Peggy Whitson waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship at the Russian leased Baikon... Read More CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida: The world's oldest and most experienced spacewoman, Peggy Whitson, broke another record Thursday as she floated out of the International Space Station to set up a new parking spot. It was the eighth spacewalk of her career, the most ever performed by a woman. Whitson and her spacewalking partner, station commander Shane Kimbrough, ventured out to complete prep work on a docking port. Kimbrough disconnected the port during a spacewalk last Friday and then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new location Sunday. It will serve as a parking spot for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. The spacewalkers needed to hook up vital heater cables to the docking port and install shields to protect against strikes by micrometeorites. "You guys be safe and enjoy your time out," French astronaut Thomas Pesquet radioed from inside the space station. This will serve as the second of two docking ports for the future SpaceX and Boeing crew capsules. SpaceX will launch the final piece of this particular port later this year or early next year. Midway through Thursday's spacewalk, Whitson will surpass the current record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former space station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch next month and return in September. A decision is expected soon. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment containing replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida; the delivery should have been there by now. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Could You Discover Photos of Your Ancestors? Ancestry Windows 10 Laptops Start At $189. Microsoft What Happened To Barbi Benton? We Can't Look Away.. The Ne.. Tomorrowoman More from The Times of India Mollywood's lesbian outing Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin From the Web More From The Times of India What She Did With An Old Cooler Is GeniusHeadCramp Jimmy Kimmel Revealed His Home And It's GorgeousLonny Does Your Business Have The Tools For The Tasks At Hand?Microsoft 8 Adorable '90s Couples Who Are Still Happily MarriedLivingly Family Takes Same Photo For 22 Years - Last One Is A Tearj..The Brofessional 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India bjp owaisi: Asaduddin Owaisi says Muslim vote-bank is a myth Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab Strip ease in Spain! Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular India lost Rs 12 lakh crore due to BJP's opposition to GST, says Moily How Jaitley countered Chidambaram's concerns on Aadhaar Australian cricketers are no longer friends, says Virat Kohli Guess Which Luxury Car We Ranked #1 for 2017 Ad: Finance Buzz 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Asaduddin Owaisi hits out at Yogi Adityanath over Vande Mataram row AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi hit out at UP CM Yogi Adityanath over Vande Mataram row. Owaisi said that BJP’s forced patriotism in Uttar Pradesh is disrespectful. Sasikala camp cries foul over Panneerselvam’s party symbol After the Election Commission gave green signal to O Panneerselvam and the rebel AIADMK faction to form the new party AIADMK Puratchi Thalaivi Amma, the former Tamil Nadu chief minister floated his party and released its manifesto. From around the Web These Unfortunate Countries Have the Lowest GDP Per Capita FindTheData — By Graphiq Land Your Dream Job From The Comfort Of Your Own Home Americans.org 21 Unique Names No Parents Are Using in 2017 Cafemom Quiz: Could You Survive If You Were Lost In The Wilderness? Grizly More From The Times of India White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India Read MoreSunita WilliamsSpaceXPeggy WhitsonNASAInternational Space Station Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners SpaceX poised to launch first recycled rocket Talking to Siri often? You're probably lonely Google knows if you're watching too much porn How a paralysed man fed himself for first time in 8 years 1World's oldest spacewoman sets spacewalking record 2SpaceX poised to launch first recycled rocket 3Talking to Siri often? You're probably lonely 4Google knows if you're watching too much porn 5How a paralysed man fed himself for first time in 8 years Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends BS III Vehicles Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli BS 3 Vehicles  Arvind Kejriwal Yogi Adityanath Mahakaushal express BS-III vehicles list BS 3 Vehicles ban Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web MCD Elections 2017 BS 3 vehicles Delhi MCD Election Yogi Adityanath Breaking News BS 3 Vehicles Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics BS 3 vehicles list Samsung Galaxy S8 Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli BS III Vehicles  BS 3 Vehicles Naam Shabana Review The Great Father Review The Great Father  Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE PLATFORMS AIR PLATFORMS ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Air Platforms Boeing first out of blocks with T-X proposal Gareth Jennings, London - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 30 March 2017 Developed with Saab, Boeing's BTX appears to incorporate elements from both the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and the Gripen combat aircraft. Source: Boeing Boeing has become the first competitor to submit to the US Air Force (USAF) its proposal for the service's fighter trainer replacement programme (T-X), the company announced on 30 March. In a tweet stating it was 'turning up the heat!", Boeing said it had submitted its proposal for the USAF's Advanced Pilot Training (APT) Family of Systems (FoS) programme, as T-X is officially known, early. No further details were disclosed. Developed with Saab, the clean-sheet Boeing offering for T-X is a twin-seat single-engined platform that features a 'glass' cockpit modelled to resemble that of the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter, and an open systems architecture. It appears to incorporate elements from both the Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and the Saab Gripen combat aircraft. Dubbed BTX, the aircraft's first flight was conducted out of Boeing's St Louis facility in Missouri on 20 December 2016. With Boeing's submission now with the USAF, pitches from the other competitors are expected in the coming days. Besides Boeing and Saab, the T-X requirement is being competed by Lockheed Martin and Korean Aerospace Industries (KAI) with the T-50A (a derivative of the T-50 Golden Eagle), and by Leonardo DRS with the T-100 (a derivative of the M-346 Master). A team comprising Sierra Nevada Corporation and Turkish Aerospace Industries (TAI) is also reported to be developing a clean-sheet design, while US company Stavatti says it will offer its Javelin clean-sheet design. Textron has discounted its Scorpion jet, which was previously rumoured to be a possible contender, while on 1 February the Northrop Grumman and BAE Systems team announced that it would not compete for the requirement, despite having been photographed testing its Model 400 clean-sheet design in August last year. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (309 of 413 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: Platforms IHS Jane's Defence: Air & Space IHS Jane's Defence: Land IHS Jane's Defence: Sea IHS Jane's Defence: Air Platforms IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: In Service IHS Jane's All the World's Aircraft: Unmanned IHS Jane's Defence Weekly AMERICAS Analysing indicators of Russian aggression in the Baltic states COUNTRY RISK Army strategist: Future war may look like Ukraine, Syria COUNTRY RISK Chinese weapon designs boosted by US experience, tech start-ups SEA PLATFORMS General Dynamics, Bell and Boeing discuss investment in Romania INDUSTRY NATO allies brace for finger-wagging from Tillerson on defence spending INDUSTRY AMERICAS Analysing indicators of Russian aggression in the Baltic states COUNTRY RISK Army strategist: Future war may look like Ukraine, Syria COUNTRY RISK Chinese weapon designs boosted by US experience, tech start-ups SEA PLATFORMS General Dynamics, Bell and Boeing discuss investment in Romania INDUSTRY NATO allies brace for finger-wagging from Tillerson on defence spending INDUSTRY PLATFORMS Patria and Schiebel work to fit MUM-T technology to Camcopter UAS AIR PLATFORMS AGAT develops Berkut-1E UAV AIR PLATFORMS Analysis - No gain without pain: the long, hard road to AFV active protection LAND PLATFORMS Chinese weapon designs boosted by US experience, tech start-ups SEA PLATFORMS German arms embargo angers Turkey LAND PLATFORMS PLATFORMS Patria and Schiebel work to fit MUM-T technology to Camcopter UAS AIR PLATFORMS AGAT develops Berkut-1E UAV AIR PLATFORMS Analysis - No gain without pain: the long, hard road to AFV active protection LAND PLATFORMS Chinese weapon designs boosted by US experience, tech start-ups SEA PLATFORMS German arms embargo angers Turkey LAND PLATFORMS IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Norway signs for Poseidon MMAs IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Baltic minister warns of uncertainties over mass Russian exercises in coming months IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY RDM gets order for Plofadder mine-clearance system IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Analysis - No gain without pain: the long, hard road to AFV active protection IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Army strategist: Future war may look like Ukraine, Syria IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Norway signs for Poseidon MMAs INDUSTRY Baltic minister warns of uncertainties over mass Russian exercises in coming months COUNTRY RISK RDM gets order for Plofadder mine-clearance system INDUSTRY Analysis - No gain without pain: the long, hard road to AFV active protection LAND PLATFORMS Army strategist: Future war may look like Ukraine, Syria COUNTRY RISK FEATURED REPORT Force in transition: The RN Commando Helicopter Force MLSP programme moves forward As the UK Royal Navy's Commando Helicopter Force transitions from a fleet of Lynx and Sea King platforms to Wildcats and Merlins, it is also reorganising its squadrons to provide a high-readiness global contingency capability, including operating from the UK's future carriers. Patrick Allen reports Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrive your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 31 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Domestic tourism in Saudi 'to surge by 40% between 2015 and 2020' Toyota recall extends to nearly 40,000 UAE cars CEO and vice chairman step down at investment conglomerate Dubai Holding UAE's Emirates airline, Scoot planes damaged in Singapore Riyadh to reap $1.25bln per year from new white land tax Rent declines still 'not enough' to make Dubai housing affordable to everyone Dubai Property launches new apartment project in Dubailand Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital UAE prepares for post oil era with diversification Dubai's Drake & Scull breaches covenants on sukuk, other bank facilities Abu Dhabi's ZonesCorp finalizes auto hub master plan Qatar among shareholders investing $807mln in London's Heathrow Airport Abu Dhabi's TAQA reports $5bln loss due to oil and gas impairment UAE state fund Mubadala nearly triples net profit in 2016 PetroChina latest China oil major to consider Aramco listing National Bank of Abu Dhabi raises $587mln in green bond debut CEO and vice chairman step down at investment conglomerate Dubai Holding FGB customers can now withdraw money from NBAD's ATMs at 'no cost' UAE state fund Mubadala nearly triples net profit in 2016 National Bank of Abu Dhabi raises $587mln in green bond debut Dubai's Drake & Scull breaches covenants on sukuk, other bank facilities Saudi Arabia considering changes to debut dollar sukuk structure Saudi Aramco pays premium in debut sukuk sale Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital Samsung launches Galaxy S8 UAE state fund Mubadala nearly triples net profit in 2016 US's SpaceX to launch first reused rocket, testing cost-cutting model Samsung unveils its Galaxy S8 smartphone Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE prepares for post oil era with diversification Iranian sovereign fund targeting healthcare, high-tech Egypt lowers customs exchange rate to 16.5 pounds/dlr in April Putin says Russia has many friends in the United States UAE prepares for post oil era with diversification UAE's Emirates airline, Scoot planes damaged in Singapore Saudi Arabia, instead of UAE, to host 2018 Arab summit Saudi top 20 brands valued at $37bln First Lebanon budget in 12 years targets 8.7% deficit Turkey wraps up military operations in northern Syria Arab summit concludes with a 'message of peace' Lebanon’s summer electricity ambitions met with skepticism Egypt lowers customs exchange rate to 16.5 pounds/dlr in April AfDB says it disburses second $500mln loan tranche to Egypt Tunisian former PM Jomaa launches "non-ideological" political party Summit offers venue for Saudi-Egyptian fence mending Gulf airlines Etihad, Qatar work around U.S. cabin laptops ban UAE's Emirates airline, Scoot planes damaged in Singapore UN looks for Trump foreign policy hints from tough-talking envoy Italian police arrest pro-Islamic State trio over suspected Venice bomb plot Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Oil dips after 3-day rally, but support seen above $50 per barrel Egypt central bank leaves key interest rates unchanged Kuwait rebounds in volatile session, Dubai, Saudi firm Abu Dhabi's TAQA reports $5bln loss due to oil and gas impairment Kuwait rebounds in volatile session, Dubai, Saudi firm PetroChina latest China oil major to consider Aramco listing Saudi Aramco formally appoints banks to advise on share sale Kuwait weighed down by ex-dividend shares, region quiet Egypt central bank leaves key interest rates unchanged National Bank of Abu Dhabi raises $587mln in green bond debut Saudi Aramco pays premium in debut sukuk sale Egypt sees return to international markets early 2018 Oil dips after 3-day rally, but support seen above $50 per barrel Egypt to monitor not ban private sector wheat imports during harvest OPEC compliance with oil curbs rises in March as UAE joins cut UK' BP sees trading benefits from oil boom in the Americas Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Recruitment firms 'have role to play in Saudi labor amnesty' Smoking shisha or applying make-up while driving calls for fines in UAE Qatar denies violating labour law by blocking migrants from leaving Saudi religious police is deemed redundant by many Qatar denies violating labour law by blocking migrants from leaving Drive wants Bahraini lawyers only to advise state Riyadh to reap $1.25bln per year from new white land tax Dubai mulls reducing speed limit on two major roads Italian police arrest pro-Islamic State trio over suspected Venice bomb plot UAE seizures of Captagon, crystal meth up 280% in 2016 Egyptian twins jailed for supporting Daesh Abu Dhabi Police arrest hackers who stole over $272,309 Recruitment firms 'have role to play in Saudi labor amnesty' Britain to demand tech firms to do more to tackle extremism Dubai's Drake & Scull breaches covenants on sukuk, other bank facilities Corruption cases decline by 7.5% in Oman Smoking shisha or applying make-up while driving calls for fines in UAE Qatar denies violating labour law by blocking migrants from leaving New regulatory regime for the private school sector in Dubai Saudi religious police is deemed redundant by many Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Dubai charts system for complete Autism care Gulf airlines Etihad, Qatar work around U.S. cabin laptops ban Samsung launches Galaxy S8 Over 300mln people worldwide suffer from depression Dubai charts system for complete Autism care Over 300mln people worldwide suffer from depression Are any fad diets good for heart health? Dubai to add health insurance fines to visa fees Sharjah to set up arts academy to provide training to theatre fans German Siemens $109mln in software licenses to UAE universities Education sector employs 12% of Qatari workforce Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Samsung launches Galaxy S8 Two Eids in the school summer holidays Sharjah Children's Reading Festival begins in April Ten activities not to miss at Mother of the Nation Festival Gulf airlines Etihad, Qatar work around U.S. cabin laptops ban Lady pilots overwhelmed by support Reasons residents don't wear seat belts Etihad offers free Wi-Fi, iPads to premium passengers Second day of Saudi Film Festival highlights socio-cultural issues Steve Aoki to headline Nasimi Sessions in Dubai Dylan to receive Nobel prize in Stockholm Rishi Kapoor discusses his 'uncensored' book in Dubai 'Hideous' Cristiano Ronaldo statue sparks social media laughs Hodge apologises to Kohli over injury comments Emirates Golf Federation gives after-school golf lessons Scoring runs will help captaincy, says England's Root Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home The Future of Manufacturing Article aerospace 30,000 aircraft needed in the next 20 years, say experts at Global Manufacturing and Industrialisation Summit 30 March, 2017 No downturn in sight for the aerospace industry amidst increasing demand Biofuels are being explored, but are not commercially feasible in a time of low oil prices Automation can help aircraft manufacturers to cut corners in order to keep pace with demand Abu Dhabi, UAE, March 30 2017: As a major contributor to global Gross Domestic Product (GDP) – international air transport alone contributes US$2.7 trillion – the aerospace industry has enjoyed a sustained peak, driven by continued market demand. In a panel at the Global Manufacturing and Industrialisation Summit (GMIS), aerospace leaders discussed the future of an industry that supports 10 million people globally through direct employment, with an additional 63.5 million supported indirectly. The panel was composed of Jan Pie, Secretary General, Aerospace and Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD), and Chairman Elect, International Coordinating Council of Aerospace Industries Associations (ICCAIA); Michel Peters, CEO, NLR (Netherlands Aerospace Centre); Robert S. Harward, Vice Admiral USN (Ret) SEAL and Chief Executive – UAE, Lockheed Martin International, and Tetsuro Hisano, Vice President and General Manager of Commercial Airplane Programs Management Office, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. Axel Threlfall, Editor-at-Large, Reuters, moderated the conversation. While the outlook is rosy, there are still a number of challenges in the aerospace industry that need to be addressed – such as market demand growing at 45 per cent on an annual basis. There are around 17,000 aircraft currently flying with a capacity of at least 100 passengers or capable of carrying 10 tonnes of goods or more. In 20 years time, there will need to be around 30,000 aircraft available – and, according to Jan Pie, a number of the existing aircraft will no longer be in operation in 20 years, even with upgrades. “If we look backwards over the past few decades, or even the last century, this has been an industry that has seen a remarkable growth,” said Pie. “As we speak the order books are full for the two largest aircraft manufacturers, Boeing and Airbus, for the coming ten years. We can talk about the market’s next upturn, but we don’t yet know when the downturn will come.” Advertisement Michel Peters, speaking about the capacity requirements on original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), said: “To meet the demand of 30,000 aircraft in the next 20 years, the big OEMs, such as Boeing and Airbus, have to turn out approximately 60 aircraft a month. That’s  nothing special for an automotive manufacturer, but 60 aircraft a month is really something. That means that  lot of technology will be used, adapted from car manufacturers. Phasing manufacturing automation together with the design of the aircraft itself can cut some corners, whilst keeping up with the safety and quality standards.” Other key issues the industry faces include safety, even though air travel today is safer than ever; connectivity, in terms of connecting all aspects of air travel – including aircraft, passengers, ground services and more; the introduction of pilotless drones to the market, and the total integration of drones into the environment without compromising on safety. Fuel, too, is a matter that the industry is looking at, given fluctuating prices of oil and further research into green alternatives. There are people looking at green fuel substitutes, according to Tetsuro Hisano. “We have lots of very innovative companies that are looking at, for example, using sunshine to create fuel from forms of bacteria, and harnessing the energy produced to create oil. It is not yet commercially feasible. When oil prices are at $100 per barrel, then these ideas become more feasible, but in these days, when fuel goes down below $50 per barrel, it is less feasible … so oil price drives innovation in this field.” “In our profession, the military drives technology,” said Robert S. Harward, speaking on the influence of Fourth Industrial Revolution (4IR) technologies on aerospace, and referencing the push of the USA Chief of Naval Operations, Adm. John Richardson, to transform Navy fleets to be completely driven by biofuels. “That’s what forced industry to respond. I think those sorts of requirements then help drive the change quicker than industry would do it on its own.” On the matter of 4IR and the potential for job loss, Harward said that “technology puts people first; people stay ahead of the artificial intelligence curve.”   The inaugural Global Manufacturing and Industrialisation Summit is being held at the Paris-Sorbonne Abu Dhabi University, UAE, until March 30, 2017. A joint initiative by the UAE Ministry of Economy and the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO), and co-hosted with the Abu Dhabi Department of Economic Development, the Summit is held under the patronage of His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces. The Summit is the world’s first global gathering for the manufacturing community, bringing together decision-making leaders from governments, businesses and civil society organisations to shape a vision for the sector’s future. The Summit is a global platform for participating attendees to learn from best practices from across the world. This unprecedented global gathering will spark new ideas and set the stage for debate and action – addressing ways in which manufacturing can shape and reshape the world, integrating activities between developed and emerging markets, and delivering on social responsibility towards future generations. Leaders from the public and private sectors, along with representatives from civil society organisations, will gather to discuss global challenges within the manufacturing sector, looking specifically at six themes: technology and innovation; global value chains; skills, employment and education; sustainability and environment; About the Global Manufacturing and Industrialisation Summit As the world’s first cross-industry forum, the Global Manufacturing and Industrialisation Summit is a global gathering for manufacturing minds. It is a voice and a venue for global manufacturing transformation. More than 1,200 delegates will attend, including world leaders, industry CEOs, policy-makers, specialist researchers and academics. The Global Manufacturing and Industralisation Summit will deliver (i) a voice for transformational ideas, (ii) a venue for the generation of new networks and cross-industry partnerships, (iii) a showcase for pilot projects arising from cross-industry research, Global Agenda on the Future of Manufacturing The conference will focus on the role of manufacturing in reconstructing the global economy and restoring global prosperity. Leaders from the public and private sectors, along with civil society representatives, will gather together to discuss global challenges facing the manufacturing sector. The discussions will focus around six themes: technology and innovation; global value chains; skills, employment and education; sustainability and environment; infrastructure; standards and stakeholder alignment. The participants will form working groups to identify concrete action plans and recommendations that outline potential solutions to global issues, as well as showcase best practices and case studies from across the world. To highlight an example of global issues, the inaugural conference will focus on the issue of economic migration, with the aim of establishing a manufacturing platform that will bring together countries facing emigration or immigration challenges with regional countries that seek to support economic reconstruction. These countries will work together with manufacturers and the wider United Nations network on restoring global prosperity.  The Manufacturing Expo Capitalising on the huge presence of the global manufacturing community under a single meeting venue, the Manufacturing Exhibition will offer space to corporations looking to showcase their products, services and latest innovations or technologies that can further contribute to promoting global economic development. The Manufacturing Expo consists of four components: an exhibition showcasing the manufacturing capabilities of the host country; international pavilions showcasing the manufacturing capabilities and economic incentives of each participating country; an innovation exhibition that demonstrates the latest fourth industrial revolution technologies; and an event for SMEs to present their products and solutions to potential customers. The Global Value Chain Market The Global Value Chain Market (GVCM) is a business matchmaking platform dedicated to increasing regional and international partnerships and opportunities. The platform will provide networking and sourcing opportunities both online and onsite via pre-scheduled meetings with the vision of forging investment opportunities, commercial partnerships, and encouraging technological transfer and knowhow. The platform will enable countries to identify and meet global manufacturers to promote industrial development, and familiarise global manufacturers with targeted industrial activities in various countries. The GVCM will become a source of valuable information for global investments, providing insights on legislation and regulations, sovereign risk, political stability, and physical and logistical infrastructure. © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: uae transport Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News UAE's Thuraya Telecoms appoints Acting CEO 21 hours ago UK's UTEC offshore and onshore survey co. welcomes new Chief Executive Officer 22 hours ago  from Fifth Ring Integrated Corporate Communications Bahrain Islamic Bank announces the appointment of AGM, Head of Information Technology 2 days ago EU's Airbus Defence and Space appoints four new executive committee members New organisation focuses on four programme lines: Military Aircraft, Space Systems, CIS, Unmanned Aerial Systems. 27 Mar 2017 New assistant marketing manager joins Millennium Airport Hotel Dubai 26 Mar 2017 US's Coca-Cola Company announces senior leadership appointments 26 Mar 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Friday 31 March 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » PLANES ON ORDER FOR NEXT 10 YRS Experts at the summit 30,000 aircraft needed in next 20 years, say industry experts ABU DHABI, 1 days ago The aerospace industry expects to see market demand for aircraft continue to grow on an annual basis with industry experts predicting a need for around 30,000 aircraft in the next 20 years. This was revealed at the the Global Manufacturing and Industrialisation Summit (GMIS), where aerospace leaders discussed the future of an industry that supports 10 million people globally through direct employment, with an additional 63.5 million supported indirectly. The panel was composed of Jan Pie, secretary general, Aerospace and Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD), and Chairman Elect, International Coordinating Council of Aerospace Industries Associations (ICCAIA); Michel Peters, CEO, NLR (Netherlands Aerospace Centre); Robert S. Harward, vice admiral USN (Ret) Seal and chief executive – UAE, Lockheed Martin International, and Tetsuro Hisano, vice president and general manager of Commercial Airplane Programs Management Office, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. Axel Threlfall, Editor-at-Large, Reuters, moderated the conversation.   As a major contributor to global Gross Domestic Product (GDP) – international air transport alone contributes $2.7 trillion. While the outlook is rosy, there are still a number of challenges in the aerospace industry that need to be addressed – such as market demand growing at 45 per cent on an annual basis. There are around 17,000 aircraft currently flying with a capacity of at least 100 passengers or capable of carrying 10 tonnes of goods or more. Moreover, around 30,000 aircraft will be needed in 20 years - and, according to Jan Pie, a number of the existing aircraft will no longer be in operation in 20 years, even with upgrades. “If we look backwards over the past few decades, or even the last century, this has been an industry that has seen a remarkable growth,” said Pie. “As we speak the order books are full for the two largest aircraft manufacturers, Boeing and Airbus, for the coming 10 years. We can talk about the market’s next upturn, but we don’t yet know when the downturn will come.” Michel Peters, speaking about the capacity requirements on original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), said: “To meet the demand of 30,000 aircraft in the next 20 years, the big OEMs, such as Boeing and Airbus, have to turn out approximately 60 aircraft a month. That’s nothing special for an automotive manufacturer, but 60 aircraft a month is really something. That means that a lot of technology will be used, adapted from car manufacturers. Phasing manufacturing automation together with the design of the aircraft itself can cut some corners, whilst keeping up with the safety and quality standards.” Other key issues the industry faces include safety, even though air travel today is safer than ever; connectivity, in terms of connecting all aspects of air travel – including aircraft, passengers, ground services and more; the introduction of pilotless drones to the market, and the total integration of drones into the environment without compromising on safety. Fuel, too, is a matter that the industry is looking at, given fluctuating prices of oil and further research into green alternatives. There are people looking at green fuel substitutes, according to Tetsuro Hisano. “We have lots of very innovative companies that are looking at, for example, using sunshine to create fuel from forms of bacteria, and harnessing the energy produced to create oil. It is not yet commercially feasible. When oil prices are at $100 per barrel, then these ideas become more feasible, but in these days, when fuel goes down below $50 per barrel, it is less feasible … so oil price drives innovation in this field.” “In our profession, the military drives technology,” said Robert S. Harward, speaking on the influence of Fourth Industrial Revolution (4IR) technologies on aerospace, and referencing the push of the US Chief of Naval Operations, Adm. John Richardson, to transform Navy fleets to be completely driven by biofuels. “That’s what forced industry to respond. I think those sorts of requirements then help drive the change quicker than industry would do it on its own.” On the matter of 4IR and the potential for job loss, Harward said that “technology puts people first; people stay ahead of the artificial intelligence curve.”   The inaugural Global Manufacturing and Industrialisation Summit is being held at the Paris-Sorbonne Abu Dhabi University, UAE, until March 30. A joint initiative by the UAE Ministry of Economy and the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO), and co-hosted with the Abu Dhabi Department of Economic Development, the Summit is held under the patronage of His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces. The Summit is the world’s first global gathering for the manufacturing community, bringing together decision-making leaders from governments, businesses and civil society organisations to shape a vision for the sector’s future. Leaders from the public and private sectors, along with representatives from civil society organisations, will gather to discuss global challenges within the manufacturing sector, looking specifically at six themes: technology and innovation; global value chains; skills, employment and education; sustainability and environment; infrastructure; standards, and stakeholder alignment. - TradeArabia News Service Tags: UAE | demand | aerospace | aircraft | manufacturing | Summit | industrialisation | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Amouage Hotels to develop prime waterfront project in Oman Emirates plane suffers slight damage in Singapore incident Ferrari World Abu Dhabi launches new ride Indian Green Card holders eligible for UAE on-arrival visas Indian airports to stop stamping of hand bags Aloha Abu Dhabi Festival welcomes visitors with a Big Hello Ramada Ajman recognised for CSR efforts New headsets on Turkish Airlines long-haul flights Etihad premium fliers to receive free wi-fi, iPads on US flights Qatar International Food Festival opens Leading Arab investor calls for investments in leisure industry Bodrum becoming a 'popular' destination with Gulf travellers Turkish Airlines flies to Kharkiv, Ukraine Emirates 'may loan laptops on US-bound flights' Lisbon to host Seatrade Cruise Med 2018 Souq Waqif Boutique Hotels participates in Qatar food festival US judge extends suspension of travel ban Airbus to showcase latest interiors at Hamburg expo Boeing expands pilot training network Mall of Qatar lines up exciting activities for Spring Festival Ramada Downtown Dubai named 'Wyndham Brand Champion' Atlantis, The Palm welcomes new sales manager Turkish Airlines boosts frequency between Moscow and Antalya Almost half a billion tourists visit the EU in 2016 Top industry leaders to discuss hospitality trends at key summit Travelport welcomes new head of product and solutions-EMEA Dubai Airports launches new blog for visitors World Aviation Safety Summit to address key concerns Iconic New York restaurant to open in Dubai City Centre Rotana Doha celebrates Vietnamese Food Week Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS NASA partnerships open the path from ground to space by Steven Siceloff for KSCS News Kennedy Space Center FL (SPX) Mar 30, 2017 A BE-3 engine by Blue Origin is fired inside a test stand. Image courtesy Blue Origin. For a larger version of this image please go here. NASA recently marked a decade since it began a new era in commercial spaceflight development for low-Earth orbit transportation. The space agency inked agreements in 2006 to develop rockets and spacecraft capable of carrying cargo such as experiments and supplies to and from the International Space Station. The first development agreements for elements of commercial crew spacecraft followed the initial commercial cargo agreements by about three years. Soon after that, NASA's Commercial Crew Program was created to shepherd human-rating requirements into existence and certify designs of spacecraft, launch pads and ground systems. The aerospace companies NASA partnered with during the commercial crew and cargo development phases have infused expertise and innovation into the marketplace. These capabilities have set a foundation of new space-related industries with specialties in everything from engines and life support systems to complete spacecraft designs. "With cargo, we wanted the capability to cost-effectively deliver research experiments, hardware and supplies to the space station. With crew, we needed continued U.S. human access to low-Earth orbit," said Phil McAlister, director of NASA's Commercial Spaceflight Development Division. "But another one of the rationales was to stimulate new markets. Seeing that emerge has been really gratifying." Today, Boeing and SpaceX are deep into final testing and manufacturing of independent spacecraft and launch systems that will carry astronauts to the International Space Station. Boeing's CST-100 Starliner will fly into space on a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket. SpaceX is building the Crew Dragon spacecraft to launch on the company's Falcon 9 rocket. Both spacecraft are designed to take up to four astronauts on NASA missions, a number that will give the station a full-time crew of seven, ensuring maximum research time aboard the orbiting laboratory. Through a combination of funded and unfunded space act agreements, NASA continues to provide its expertise to help advance the burgeoning commercial human space transportation industry. Blue Origin and Sierra Nevada Corporation, partners with NASA since 2010, continue to develop and refine their respective crew spacecraft and launch systems. Under these agreements, NASA provides expertise and insight into their spaceflight designs. The benefits to NASA include a more diverse market of competition and capability. Blue Origin and NASA worked together on the testing of the company's BE-3 thrust chamber, Space Vehicle spacecraft and subsystems of the New Shepard rocket. The BE-3 has powered several flights of a prototype New Shepard rocket designed to loft its spacecraft on suborbital missions. Later rockets are designed to be more powerful to launch satellites and its Space Vehicle spacecraft into orbit. For Sierra Nevada Corporation, NASA provides assistance as the company refines its Dream Chaser spacecraft for future human spaceflight missions. SNC currently is developing its Dream Chaser Cargo System to fulfill a NASA contract to carry supplies to the space station and return them to Earth beginning in 2019. The winged spacecraft is designed to launch inside a payload fairing on an Atlas V rocket and at the end of the mission will glide back to Earth and land on a runway. "We have a massive wealth of knowledge about human spaceflight, some of it gained with great sacrifice, so we set out to create a framework that could leverage that experience while allowing the companies to be innovative in developing their systems," McAlister said. "Then we built in a way to give industry the incentives to produce reliable and cost effective vehicles that could be used by private citizens as well as government astronauts." Tweet PSI toolbox for research and exploration project funded for $5.5 million Tucson AZ (SPX) Mar 23, 2017 The Planetary Science Institute has been awarded $5.5 million by NASA to be a research node of the Solar System Exploration Research Virtual Institute (SSERVI) to advance basic and applied research for lunar and planetary science, and advance human exploration of the solar system. The node, known as the Toolbox for Research and Exploration (TREX) project, will be led by PSI Senior Scientis ... read more Related Links Commercial Space at NASA Space Tourism, Space Transport and Space Exploration News Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google X-Hab working seventh season of academic-aided innovation Deep space gateway to open opportunities for distant destinations NASA unveils new searchable multimedia library NASA partnerships open the path from ground to space Musk diving into minds while reaching for Mars SpaceX launches first recycled rocket The "Brain" of the Space Launch System RS-25 Engine Passes Critical Test Spaceport America sets new record for student launched sounding rocket Mars dust storm west of Opportunity starting to abate Final two ExoMars landing sites chosen Breaks observed in Curiosity rover wheel treads Mars Volcano, Earth's Dinosaurs Went Extinct About the Same Time China Develops Spaceship Capable of Moon Landing Long March-7 Y2 ready for launch of China's first cargo spacecraft China Seeks Space Rockets Launched from Airplanes Riding an asteroid: China's next space goal Vietnam set to produce satellites by 2022 Globalsat Sky and Space Global sign MoU for testing and offering satellite service in Latin America OneWeb Satellites breaks ground on high-volume satellite manufacturing facility Start-Ups at the Final Frontier Researchers plan simulations of laser pulse-material interactions 'Ground Control' Arrives at Leicester University Turning to Chemistry for New "Computing" Concepts Researchers make flexible glass for tiny medical devices Astronomers identify purest, most massive brown dwarf Fledgling stars try to prevent their neighbors from birthing planets Fossil or inorganic structure? Scientists dig into early life forms Gigantic Jupiter-type planet reveals insights into how planets evolve ANU leads public search for Planet X Juno Spacecraft Set for Fifth Jupiter Flyby Scientists make the case to restore Pluto's planet status ESA's Jupiter mission moves off the drawing board Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 15 Companies Making the Most From the Government By Evan Comen and Thomas C. Frohlich March 27, 2017 12:15 pm EDT Print Email Tweet U.S. government federal contract spending totaled $436.9 billion in 2015, with an estimated 64% of the spending going to national defense contracts. The U.S. defense budget is by far the largest in the world, and the government relies heavily on the private sector to meet its needs. Likewise, many contractors rely on the government for a substantial share of their revenue. To determine the companies profiting the most from the U.S. government, 24/7 Wall St. analyzed contract data from the Federal Procurement Data System. Companies were ranked on total payments received from U.S. government contract obligations in the 2015 government fiscal year. Former President Barack Obama signed the Budget Control Act into law in 2011, effectively reducing the defense budget by roughly $1 trillion over the 10-year period through 2021. Since 2011, annual defense spending has declined by 12.5%, likely also as a result of the reduced involvement in the Middle East. The budget cuts reduced the resources available for military contracts. Between the 2014 and 2015 fiscal years, annual contract spending fell by roughly $7.4 billion. Click here to see the 15 companies getting the most money from the U.S. government. Each of the five contractors receiving the most money from the federal government in fiscal 2015 — Lockheed Martin, Boeing, General Dynamics, Raytheon, and Northrop Grumman — were also in the top five each year since fiscal 2009. Also known as the big five, these companies have a longstanding relationship with the federal government and are unlikely to lose their status as top contractors in the near future. In an interview with 24/7 Wall St., Rob Levinson, senior defense analyst at Bloomberg Government, explained, “These companies have been doing business with the federal government for so long, they know very well how to navigate that whole process, which winds up being a comparative advantage.” The top five contractors received more than 20% of annual U.S. government contract payments in 2015. The U.S. military requires extremely expensive equipment, including nuclear submarines, aircraft carriers, and fighter jets. “There just aren’t that many companies that can do that,” and partially as a result, “[large contractors] have pretty consolidated positions,” Levinson said. Huntington Ingalls Industries, for example, is the only company capable of building the Navy’s nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, and one of two that builds the current fleet of DDG-51 Arleigh Burke-class destroyers. Major federal contractors are certainly not immune to shifting market and industry environments. For instance, in the wake of recent budget cuts, the government has lowered its quality standards for many IT products, favoring the least expensive bid proposals over more expensive, higher quality options. From the perspective of the U.S. government, these businesses have more flexible quality standards and are more easily replaced by smaller companies, in stark contrast to weapons and infrastructure operations. As a consequence, many contractors are shifting focus from their lower margin business segments. SAIC, for example, recently spun off its IT services segment into a separate company called Leidos. Lockheed Martin also spun off its IT business into a separate entity and merged it with the newly-formed Leidos. The federal contracting industry is complex, and current trends are not necessarily bound to continue. Throughout his campaign, President Donald Trump promised to boost the defense budget and build up the military. Taking into consideration Trump’s outspoken disapproval of current U.S. trade policy as well, the new administration may invoke substantial change in the contracting industry. To identify the companies gaining the most from the federal government, 24/7 Wall St. analyzed data compiled by the General Services Administration and accessed through the Federal Procurement Data System. Companies were ranked on total payments received from U.S. government contract obligations in the 2015 government fiscal year. Data on individual contracts also came from the Federal Procurement System. These are the 15 companies profiting the most from the federal government. Pages: 1/2/3/4/5/6 « Oil Companies Will Bear Brunt of Border Adjustment Tax How Home Depot and Lowe’s Are Winning in the Omni-Channel While Others Are Losing » Read more: Special Report, featured Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class America's Fastest Growing Beer Brands America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States Beers Americans No Longer Drink The Richest Town in Every State Recent Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Lululemon, Cenovus Energy Dive into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club Exxon, Goldman Sachs Lead DJIA Higher Thursday 14 Million Credentials Stolen from US Universities for Sale on Dark Web Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 5 Things Skechers Management Wants You to Know How Many Users Does Facebook Have? Here's Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Home Depot Inc Dudley: Fed might taper reinvestments gradually to avoid pushing up longer-term rates Fed Dudley says central bank 'adding a bit more fruit juice' to the punch bowl Nasdaq Composite Index rises 0.3% to end at new closing record of 5,914 Asia stocks mixed after strong Wall Street, dollar gains on U.S. data U.S. economic growth revised higher, boosted by consumer spending FCC to vote to reform $45 billion business data market J&J Says Actelion Tender Offer a Success, Sees Closing in 2Q Foreign Markets Become First Quarter ETF Darlings U.S. Pedestrian Deaths Surge; Experts See Tie to Cellphones Cards Against Humanity Founder Vows To Expose Lawmakers' Web Histories Donald Trump Set To Issue Executive Orders Targeting Trade Deficit SpaceX Launches And Lands The First Recycled Orbital Rocket Ever Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News International US astronaut Peggy Whitson breaks Sunita Williams' spacewalking record US astronaut Peggy Whitson breaks Sunita Williams' spacewalking record Source : SIFY Last Updated: Fri, Mar 31, 2017 10:51 hrs Tweet Mail Print Image: Twitter/Peggy Whitson Miami: American astronaut Peggy Whitson made history when she floated outside the International Space Station on Thursday, breaking the record for the most spacewalks by Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams. Whitson, 57, made her eighth career spacewalk, surpassing the record of seven previously held by American Sunita Williams. The spacewalk formally began at 7.29 am (4.59 pm IST) when Whitson and her NASA colleague Shane Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. "Be safe and enjoy your time out," said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened."I will be waiting for you." The goal of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk is to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. Thursday's walkabout is the second in a series of three spacewalks to outfit the exterior of the orbiting outpost with parking spots for a new generation of space taxis ferrying astronauts to the station. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year. Whitson's Space Cred Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. She is a native of Iowa and is known for her quick wit, sense of humor and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. Earlier this month, she said in an interview on NASA television that she has spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in microgravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and growing seedlings called Arabidopsis to study how plants grow in orbit.Now on her third long-duration spaceflight, Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. She arrived at the space station in November, after previously serving on two six month missions at the orbiting outpost in 2002 and 2008. On April 24, she will break another record -- this time for the most cumulative days in space by an American -- when she passes 534 in orbit, longer than current title holder Jeff Williams.Active on her Twitter account,  Whitson often writes about how research at the space station relates to every day life, and how she travels the world as part of her astronaut training. "I traveled to Russia eight times in the last 1.5 year training flow, two times to Japan and one time to Cologne," she wrote in a recent blog post. Next week, she and Pesquet, 39, will perform another spacewalk to continue the space station upgrades and maintenance needed for future spaceships.For part of the outing, Pesquet is scheduled to ride the robotic arm from part of the football field-sized lab to another."We call that officially the yee-haw ride," she told NASA television last week. Whitson is married to fellow NASA biochemist Clarence Sams.According to her NASA bio, her hobbies include weightlifting, biking, basketball and water skiing. SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Why Tamil Nadu farmers are staging a gory protest in Delhi BJP shops for Congressmen Attacks on doctors SC pushes for out-of-court settlement of Ayodhya dispute BJP's Yogi Adityanath takes charge of Uttar Pradesh About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News City Hall Blog Around Town Diplomatica Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts All Local Arts Local Reviews The Big Beat Ottawa events listings Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music Jazzblog NP Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey All Hockey Senators Extra NHL World Juniors Football All Football CFL NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Tennis Life All Life Homes All Homes Condos Gardening Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Ottawa Dish Style Our Ottawa Upbeat World of Birds Life Story Health All Health Men Seniors Sexual Health Women Diet & Fitness Family & Child Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving News Defence Watch |Featured: Senators Extra Canada 150 Juno Awards Week Style Magazine OC Sessions Developing Lebreton Flats | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local News Canada 150: Complete coverage Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Caravela Restaurante offers up fresh, uncomplicated, homey Portuguese ... Local News Opioid overdoses: Here's how to get a naloxone kit in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Citizen meets high expectations, but choose carefully for ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Seafood's freshness and familiarity lures regulars to Pelican ... 5 / 5 RCAF figures it can deal with Super Hornet oxygen problems David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen More from David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen Published on: March 31, 2017 | Last Updated: March 31, 2017 12:19 AM EDT Super Hornet in flight. Photo by David Pugliese Share Adjust Comment Print The U.S. military has been trying, without much luck, to deal with ongoing problems affecting oxygen for Super Hornet pilots. A number of U.S. news outlets have been reporting on the issue. The latest is Flight Global which pointed out that the U.S. Navy is still struggling to find the root cause of the hypoxia issue plaguing the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and E/A-18G Growler. That news is based on testimony this week from U.S. Navy leaders to the House Armed Services Committee. The service’s Boeing F/A-18s are experiencing a dangerous crew cabin pressure issue, while the newer variants may have possible oxygen contamination, Flight Global pointed out. The problems have been going on since 2010 and have yet to be solved, it added. But the Canadian military, which plans to purchase 18 Super Hornets as an interim fighter jet, doesn’t appear to be too concerned about the issue. The RCAF believes it can deal with the problem. “The oxygen requirements of the potential interim fleet would meet industry, regulatory, and operational standards,” the Canadian Forces noted in a statement to Defence Watch. “The Canadian legacy CF-18 uses a Liquid Oxygen system to supply the pilot, whereas the Super Hornet comes equipped with OBOGS (On-board oxygen generation systems.) RCAF Technical and Operational Airworthiness processes are in place to ensure that aircraft being considered for service are stringently assessed to ensure that an Acceptable Level of Safety exists to meet our training and operational demands.” No details were provided on how the RCAF will solve the problem that the U.S. military has been dealing with over the years (without success). Here is additional info from the Canadian Forces that was provided to Defence Watch: “RCAF has had no physiological incidents from 2010 to 2016 involving CF-18’s which would include oxygen loss, or decompression.  While these types of incidents are considered important safety issues and are not taken lightly, we do not currently have any identified trends of such events in the Royal Canadian Air Force. Training is in place for pilots to recognize the signs of physiological issues and to take the appropriate actions if required. The RCAF has a robust flight safety program which monitors safety issues for all of our fleets, and similar fleets in the Air Forces of other nations.”     Boeing Company F-18 Hornet sponsored Super Hornet Swarms of low-cost robots to dominate future wars, Pentagon official says Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic More Local News Local News Police investigating after man shot on Kentsdale Drive Local News Midnight Shine frontman brings rock 'n' hockey skills to JUNO Cup Local News Captain Cuddy exudes confidence in JUNO Cup mates: 'We will lose' Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. × Share RCAF figures it can deal with Super Hornet oxygen problems Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Tennis Life All Life Homes Food Style Our Ottawa Upbeat World of Birds Life Story Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Fri March 31, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Fri March 31, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Census 2017CPECPsl 2017Raddul Fasaad Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Fri March 31, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Census 2017 CPEC Psl 2017 Raddul Fasaad Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story World March 31, 2017 Share Advertisement US woman breaks record for most spacewalks American astronaut Peggy Whitson made history when she floated outside the International Space Station on Thursday, breaking the record for the most spacewalks by a woman. Whitson, 57, is making her eighth career spacewalk, surpassing the record of seven previously held by American Suni Williams. The spacewalk formally began at 7:29 am (1129 GMT) when Whitson and her Nasa colleague Shane Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. "Be safe and enjoy your time out," said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened. "I will be waiting for you." The goal of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk is to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. Thursday’s walkabout is the second in a series of three spacewalks to outfit the exterior of the orbiting outpost with parking spots for a new generation of space taxis ferrying astronauts to the station. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year. Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. She is a native of Iowa and is known for her quick wit, sense of humor and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. Earlier this month, she said in an interview on Nasa television that she has spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in microgravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and growing seedlings called Arabidopsis to study how plants grow in orbit. Now on her third long-duration spaceflight, Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. She arrived at the space station in November, after previously serving on two six month missions at the orbiting outpost in 2002 and 2008. On April 24, she will break another record -- this time for the most cumulative days in space by an American -- when she passes 534 in orbit, longer than current title holder Jeff Williams. Active on her Twitter account, @AstroPeggy, Whitson often writes about how research at the space station relates to every day life, and how she travels the world as part of her astronaut training. "I traveled to Russia eight times in the last 1.5 year training flow, two times to Japan and one time to Cologne," she wrote in a recent blog post. Next week, she and Pesquet, 39, will perform another spacewalk to continue the space station upgrades and maintenance needed for future spaceships. For part of the outing, Pesquet is scheduled to ride the robotic arm from part of the football field-sized lab to another. "We call that officially the yee-haw ride," she told Nasa television last week. Whitson is married to fellow NASA biochemist Clarence Sams. According to her NASA bio, her hobbies include weightlifting, biking, basketball and water skiing. Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Pakistan is part of Islamic military alliance: FO Government bound to remain under law, says CJP Pakistan comes first: COAS Says nothing takes precedence over country Lower courts have become fan of govt: SC INGOs allowed to work in Pakistan View more... see all opinions Opinion Aijaz Zaka Syed Time for Turkey to move on Hussain H Zaidi Electoral accountability M Saeed Khalid The ‘Muslim’ scare Shahzad Chaudhry Pakistan: a possible way forward Dr Ramesh Kumar Vankwani About the census Muneeb Farooq Challenge for the PML-N see all opinions Newspost Online jobs Impossible claims No more violence Algal bloom Student loan View more... see all opinions Editorial Vicious circle Societal harm View more... see all opinions National PPP gets massive relief from courts No clean chit to Nawaz in Panama case, claims PTI KP minister wants overseas Pakistanis mentioned in census form Ministry rejects report of ‘secretly’ issued visas Five terrorists killed in encounter View more... see all opinions World Boko Haram faction seeks grassroots support in NE Nigeria India’s parliament passes key tax reform bills BD storm Islamist hideout, find up to eight bodies Asian community rattled by Trump’s immigration policies Global depression numbers surge: WHO View more... see all opinions Sports See you in court, PCB tells BCCI ‘Indian government preventing series against Pakistan’ ICC mulling bid for Olympic inclusion in 2024 Hodge apologises to Kohli over injury comments Kohli says Aussie friends comment overblown View more... see all opinions Business SECP creates cell to watch money-laundering in capital market At least 10 investors express interest in buying SME Bank Proving insider trading difficult, time-taking task: SECP chairman  ‘Super tax can earn FBR Rs25bln in 2017/18’ US growth revised higher for end of 2016 View more... see all opinions Karachi Sharjeel gets interim pre-arrest bail in graft cases Sindh got Rs76bn less from divisible pool, CM told 20-year-old held captive, raped for two days Federal LEAs bound to assist local police in probes: SHC CM pledges financial support for Pakistan Sweet Home View more... see all opinions Lahore Outages increase to meet shortfall Every child to be enrolled before election: Shahbaz Best wheat crop this year: CM CM expresses satisfaction over Sahiwal Coal Power Project Kinnaird College’s 80th convocation View more... see all opinions Islamabad Autistic children need special dietary advice Adverse affects of gender insensitive tax laws on women highlighted Spring is in the air! Committee for welfare of artists to meet today Islooites satisfied with lower rates of food items at weekly bazaars View more... see all opinions Peshawar PHC summons officials for not halting commercial activities ATH doctors continue strike on 3rd day Girl killed in Lakki Marwat explosion KP minister wants overseas Pakistanis mentioned in census form KP govt trying to reform system: CM View more... see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
Wall Street Daily Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us WSD Team Contact Us Archives Ensure Email Delivery Frequently Asked Questions Broker Listing Two Ways to Play the Highflying Drone Market Published Wed, Mar 29, 2017  |  Jonathan Rodriguez, Senior Analyst Imagine a world where soldiers can take out the bad guys without putting their own lives on the line. Or a world where farmers can plant their fields — without stepping foot outside… Or where catastrophic leaks from fuel storage tanks could be prevented long before it’s too late. Well, thanks to the work of aerial drones, all three of these scenarios — and many more — are possible right now. In fact, drone technology has become so widespread and affordable that regular folks like you and me can simply pick one up in a store. And on Monday, the Federal Aviation Administration announced that over 770,000 drone registrations have been filed in just the last 15 months. As senior analyst Jonathan Rodriguez details below, this market is exploding right now. And he’ll show you two ways to play the incredible upside… Ahead of the Tape, Louis Basenese Chief Investment Strategist, Wall Street Daily Profit From the Drone Invasion in Two Easy Steps Unmanned aerial vehicles, or drones, might be the most important tech device on the market since the smartphone. In fact, consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers estimates the global drone market will be worth $127 billion by 2020. Unfortunately, when many people think of drones, controversial images of war come to mind. That’s not surprising, since drones are used prominently in the defense industry. With good reason. Governments around the world have pushed in on them because they save the lives of countless soldiers around the world every day. But drone technology has made its way into many other fields, too. Drones are used in the entertainment industry for aerial filming… They’re also being used in the freight industry, delivering packages to remote locations inaccessible by car… Drones are even being used to plant farmers’ fields, shooting seeds right into the soil. Heck, PwC believes the UAV market in agriculture alone could fetch $32 billion. So how can you play the action? The biggest share of the drone market is held by giant defense companies like Lockheed Martin Corp. and Boeing. But the small-cap players in the space will offer the most compelling growth opportunities. Here’s how you can play the best of both worlds… Play #1: Going Small for the Biggest Gains AeroVironment Inc. (NASDAQ: AVAV) is a leading small-cap tech company that specializes in unmanned aerial vehicles. With a market cap of just $641 million, AeroVironment represents one of the drone market’s juiciest growth plays. The company manufactures drones for both military applications and agricultural support. Its agriculture drones can create 3-D maps of fields for farmers for efficient planting. And using infrared cameras, AVAV’s drones can help farmers identify sick crops quickly — so they can be treated or removed. The company booked $264 million in sales last year, and revenue has increased at a compound annual growth rate of 15% since 2004. In 2016, the company posted earnings growth of more than 205%. And on a forward basis, the company is expected to boost EPS by 141%. That’s nearly double the EPS growth rate of the aerospace industry (76.3%). Better still, the firm sits on $194 million in cash and carries zero debt. The company’s phenomenal bottom-line growth and lean balance sheet also make it a prime takeover target. Play #2: Trade a Mega-Cap Defense Stock at a Bite-Sized Price Northrop Grumman Corp. (NYSE: NOC) is one of America’s largest defense contractors. The company makes several combat drones, including the MQ-8C unmanned helicopter and the popular RQ-4 Global Hawk. Last year, Northrop Grumman was awarded a $108 million contract from the U.S. Navy to deliver 10 MQ-8C units by August 2019. This will bring the Navy’s total MQ-8C fleet up to 29. And the company snagged a $204 million contract with the U.S. Air Force to upgrade its existing fleet of Global Hawk drones. The company’s aerospace division, which includes UAVs, booked $10 billion in sales last year. The aerospace unit accounted for 44% of the firm’s total revenue of $25 billion. So Northrop Grumman’s exposure to the red-hot drone market is large. Instead of buying the shares outright, which run about $239, I’d recommend the January 2018 $260 call options, which are trading for just $7.20. This offers you leverage of about 33:1 to owning shares. The options break even if the underlying shares hit $267 by expiration, and the calls double in value if shares reach $273. Bottom line: With these two plays, you get the best of both worlds: a highflying small-cap drone company… along with low-risk, high-reward exposure to one of the world’s largest aerospace players. On the hunt, Jonathan Rodriguez Senior Analyst, Wall Street Daily  Jonathan Rodriguez has helped develop successful products that earned readers triple-digit gains. With a focus in options trading, he has worked alongside the brightest minds in the financial industry to uncover timely and profitable investment opportunities. Learn More >> Related Articles How to Play the World’s Most Overlooked Emerging Market Fed Rate Rise Spawns New Opportunity in Small-Caps Trump Vows to Rekindle Coal Industry Supply Shock Hits Copper Industry Hard Add Comment Cancel reply Name (required, will be published) Mail (required, will not be published) Website Click to cancel reply Innovation Two Ways to Play the Highflying Drone Market By Jonathan Rodriguez - Mar 29, 2017 Unmanned aerial vehicles, or drones, might be the most important tech device on the market since the smartphone. Consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers estimates the global drone market will be worth $127 billion by 2020. Here are two ways to play the trend. GeoMacro South China Sea Controversy Could Spark WWIII By Martin Hutchinson - Feb 14, 2017 In the wake of the latest military incident in the South China Sea, I’d like to reassert an investment opportunity sitting atop my watch list. Special Situations CEOs Hunt Down New Takeover Targets By Jonathan Rodriguez - Mar 30, 2017 U.S. corporations are currently sitting on $4.5 trillion in cash. Combine that with low interest rates and tepid earnings growth and you’ve got the perfect recipe for merger mania this year. Here’s how to find their next target… SEARCH Search for: Search Powered by Ajaxy premium research True Alpha VentureCap Strategist Extreme Alpha company About Contributors Contact Us Whitelist Instructions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Syndicate Us FAQ learn more Free Reports Premium Research Income Growth Commodities Geomacro Money Trading Funds Saturday Spotlight contact us T. 1.800.708.1020 T. 410.454.0499 F. 410.864.1650 808 St Paul St. Baltimore, MD 21202 © 2017 Wall Street Daily, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to content PRI Public Radio International playListen heartGive searchSearch userLog in userLog in rowsMenu Sectionsnavigate down Featurednavigate down About PRInavigate down Follownavigate down Powered by PRI’s The World & GlobalPost Main menu Log in Search Sections navigatedown Arts, Culture & Media Business, Economics and Jobs Conflict & Justice Development & Education Global Politics Health & Medicine Lifestyle & Belief Science, Tech & Environment Sports Featured navigatedown Election 2016 Across Women's Lives Global Nation Seeking Security Human Needs GP Investigations Global Satire Global Hit Music Heard On Air The World in Words Whose Century Is It? About PRI navigatedown About Programs Ways to Listen Contact Us Support PRI Follow navigatedown Newsletters Social Media Topics Arts, Culture, & Media Business, Economics and Jobs Conflict & Justice Development & Education Global Politics More Topics Election 2016 Health & Medicine Lifestyle & Belief Science, Tech & Environment Sports Collections GeoQuiz Global Hit Global Satire Music Heard on Air The World in Words Trending Topics Balance of Power Election 2016 Syrian Refugees Special Coverage Election 2016/The UnConvention Across Women's Lives Global Nation Human Needs Seeking Security Religion GlobalPost Investigations Podcasts Otherhood Playdate with Sarah Jones The World in Words Whose Century Is It? All Podcasts SoundWorks Podcast Network Information General Info Contact Us Ways to Listen Meet the PRI.org team Work with Us Programs PRI's The World GlobalPost The Takeaway Studio 360 Science Friday Living on Earth View All Programs Support PRI Give Offline Give Online Global Reporting Fund Planned Giving Sponsorship Facebook Public Radio International PRI's The World Join Global Nation Exchange Join SafeMode Follow Google+ YouTube SoundCloud RSS Twitter Newsletters Global Nation Global Scan SafeMode Arts, Culture & Media American astronaut Peggy Whitson just broke a world record Agence France-Presse March 30, 2017 · 3:15 PM EDT facebook Share on Facebook twitter Share on Twitter googleplus Share on Google + share Share Comment SPACE-STATION-LAUNCH.jpg The International Space Station crew member Peggy Whitson of the US, waves before a space suit check at the Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, on Nov. 17, 2016. Credit: Shamil Zhumatov/Reuters  American astronaut Peggy Whitson made history when she floated outside the International Space Station on Thursday, breaking the record for the most spacewalks by a woman. Whitson, 57, is making her eighth career spacewalk, surpassing the record of seven previously held by American Suni Williams. The spacewalk formally began at 7:29 a.m. when Whitson and her NASA colleague Shane Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. "Be safe and enjoy your time out," said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened. "I will be waiting for you." The goal of the six-and-a-half-hour spacewalk is to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. Thursday's walkabout is the second in a series of three spacewalks to outfit the exterior of the orbiting outpost with parking spots for a new generation of space taxis ferrying astronauts to the station. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year.  Whitson's space cred Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. She is a native of Iowa and is known for her quick wit, sense of humor and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. Earlier this month, she said in an interview on NASA television that she has spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in microgravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and growing seedlings called Arabidopsis to study how plants grow in orbit. Now on her third long-duration spaceflight, Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. She arrived at the space station in November, after previously serving on two six-month missions at the orbiting outpost in 2002 and 2008. On April 24, she will break another record — this time for the most cumulative days in space by an American — when she passes 534 in orbit, longer than current title-holder Jeff Williams. Active on her Twitter account, @AstroPeggy, Whitson often writes about how research at the space station relates to everyday life, and how she travels the world as part of her astronaut training. "I traveled to Russia eight times in the last 1.5-year training flow, two times to Japan and one time to Cologne," she wrote in a recent blog post. Next week, she and Pesquet, 39, will perform another spacewalk to continue the space station upgrades and maintenance needed for future spaceships. For part of the outing, Pesquet is scheduled to ride the robotic arm from part of the football field-sized lab to another. "We call that officially the yee-haw ride," she told NASA television last week. Whitson is married to fellow NASA biochemist Clarence Sams. According to her NASA bio, her hobbies include weightlifting, biking, basketball and water skiing. DOUBLE YOUR IMPACT You made it to the bottom of the article. You must really enjoy independent fact-based journalism. Did you know that when you support PRI today, your contribution will be matched? That’s double the impact. This matching challenge is made possible by the SC Group, whose charitable resources include FJC, a foundation of donor-advised funds. Donate Today > Comment facebook Share on Facebook twitter Share on Twitter googleplus Share on Google + share Share In Arts, Culture & Media, Culture, Lifestyle & Belief, Lifestyle, Science, Tech & Environment and Science. Tagged: North America   USA   Peggy Whitson Newest Stories The Israeli Defense Forces paid for this soldier's sex reassignment March 30, 2017 Organizations try to fight 'brain waste' and get highly trained immigrants back to work March 30, 2017 Canadians reached out to Syrian refugees. Now they hesitate to let go. March 30, 2017 The whole world is getting more depressed March 30, 2017 Comments Major funding provided by: Arts, Culture & Media Business, Economics and Jobs Conflict & Justice Development & Education Global Politics Health & Medicine Lifestyle & Belief Science, Tech & Environment Sports About PRI Contact us Meet the PRI.org Team Donate Sponsorship Privacy policy Terms of use ©2016 Public Radio International close Double your Impact. Give today and your contribution will be matched. Donate >
    E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Female astronaut sets spacewalk record doing repair March 30, 2017 - National - no comments By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer FILE – In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 file photo, U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, member of the main crew of the expedition to the International Space Station, waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship at the Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. On Thursday, March 30, 2017, Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman, eight, as she works on preparations for a new docking port on the ISS. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool) CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. – Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman – eight – and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking – just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station’s commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she’s spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She’s scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that’s due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance’s Atlas V to haul up the goods. — Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission-pages/station/main/index.html Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from National Distraction blamed for pedestrian deaths March 30, 2017 - National - Tagged: Accidents, Social media - no comments WASHINGTON – Pedestrian deaths are climbing faster than motorist fatalities, reaching nearly 6,000 deaths last year – the highest total in more than two decades, according to an analysis of preliminary state data released Thursday. Increased driving due to an… Read Post → Trump: China talks will be ‘difficult’ March 30, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump is predicting “a very difficult” meeting next week with Chinese President Xi Jinping, citing trade deficits and lost jobs. Hours after both governments announced an April 6-7 summit between the economic powerhouses in Florida, Trump… Read Post → Trump tells Freedom Caucus to ‘Get on the team’ March 30, 2017 - National - Tagged: Affordable Care Act, Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Republican Party, Social media, Taxes - no comments WASHINGTON – Republican strife turned into open warfare Thursday as President Donald Trump tore into members of the House Freedom Caucus, while conservatives pledged to stand their ground. “The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t… Read Post → White House to Russia probers: Come see intel yourselves March 30, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments WASHINGTON – The White House refused to say on Thursday whether it secretly fed intelligence reports to a top Republican investigating possible coordination between Russia and the 2016 Trump campaign. Fending off growing criticism, the administration invited lawmakers from both… Read Post → Order against travel ban appealed March 30, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Iran, Islam, Supreme Court, Syria - no comments The Department of Justice has appealed a Hawaii court order that brought President Donald Trump’s travel ban to a national halt. The government has argued that the president was well within his authority to restrict travel from six Muslim-majority countries… Read Post → Police warned before fatal collision March 30, 2017 - National - Tagged: Accidents, Police Towns: Litchfield Hills, Warren CT - no comments NEW BRAUNFELS, Texas – Law enforcement officials from two departments say they received phone calls about a pickup driving erratically shortly before a collision between a truck and church bus in southwest Texas that killed 13 people returning from a… Read Post → AP-NORC Poll: Most disapprove of Trump, except on economy March 30, 2017 - National - Tagged: Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Immigration, Republican Party, Social media, Supreme Court, Taxes - 1 comment WASHINGTON (AP) — Most Americans disapprove of Donald Trump’s overall performance two months into his presidency. But they’re more upbeat about at least one critical area: his handling of the economy. Nearly 6 in 10 Americans disapprove of Trump’s overall… Read Post → North Carolina hopes ‘bathroom bill’ deal saves NCAA events March 30, 2017 - National - Tagged: LGBT, webextra - no comments RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Basketball-mad North Carolina is hoping its move to roll back its “bathroom bill” will help it avoid another costly hit when the NCAA selects four years of championship sites for a variety of sports. College athletics’… Read Post → White House vows to fight latest ruling blocking travel ban March 30, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Immigration, Islam, Supreme Court, Syria, webextra - no comments HONOLULU (AP) — A U.S. judge in Hawaii is keeping President Donald Trump’s travel ban on hold while the state’s lawsuit works its way through the courts, the latest defeat for the government after it pushed for a freeze on… Read Post → ﻿A look at latest ruling on Trump administration travel ban March 30, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Immigration, Iran, Islam, Supreme Court, Syria - no comments HONOLULU (AP) — A federal judge in Hawaii who temporarily blocked President Donald Trump’s revised travel ban hours before it was set to take effect issued a longer-lasting order Wednesday. U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson held a hearing Wednesday on… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Daigneault: Troubled times in Huskies Land 3 hours ago Auriemma chosen AP Coach of Year 3 hours ago Has Mississippi State recovered from ‘last year’s debacle’? 3 hours ago AP’s all-time Top 100 college basketball programs 3 hours ago North Carolina rolls 4 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Should Connecticut police be allowed to put weapons on drones? Yes, it could be helpful in certain situations No, it's too dangerous As long as the weapons aren't deadly View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments allphie on Many area fishing spots without trout this year 1blessed on Malloy defies Trump on immigrants, travel ban conservative1 on It’s not too late to add memorial for war dead conservative1 on Put Coach Stochmal back on the field, where he belongs conservative1 on Waterbury initiative will identify the gifted Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 03/29/2017 08-15-31-36-62 PB-11Next Drawing: Sat. Apr. 1Next Jackpot: $60.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $36.4 Mega Millions for 03/28/2017 30-33-35-37-46 MB-10 MP-5Next Drawing: Fri. Mar. 31Next Jackpot: $174.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $106.4 Lotto! for 03/28/2017 07-14-18-23-39-42Next Drawing: Fri. Mar. 31Next Jackpot: $1.5 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,222,000 Lucky for Life for 03/30/2017 01-10-21-44-45 LB-15Next Drawing: Mon. Apr. 3 Cash5 for 03/30/2017 10-12-21-25-35 Upcoming Events Mar 31 Fri 9:00 am Giant Tag Sale @ Pilgrim Hall, Shrine of Lourdes Giant Tag Sale @ Pilgrim Hall, Shrine of Lourdes Mar 31 @ 9:00 am – 4:00 pm Also 11:30-2 p.m. Sunday. Drop off donations 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. March 28 and 29. Benefits the upkeep of the Shrine. 1:00 pm Three New Exhibits @ Five Points Gallery Three New Exhibits @ Five Points Gallery Mar 31 @ 1:00 pm – 5:00 pm Three new shows open Thursday, March 30, from 1 to 5 p.m. at the Five Points Gallery, 33 Main St., and continue through Saturday, May 6. The exhibitions feature the work of women artists, each of whom address the human... 2:00 pm Poetry Class @ Lilly Hill Studio Poetry Class @ Lilly Hill Studio Mar 31 @ 2:00 pm – 4:30 pm “Naughty and Nice,” a class that will focus on limericks. Light refreshments included. RSVP. 7:00 pm Documentary Screening @ Minor Memorial Library Documentary Screening @ Minor Memorial Library Mar 31 @ 7:00 pm “Missy Stevens, The Spirit and Technique of Painting and Thread,” with fiber artist Missy Stevens. Question-and-answer period will follow screening, includes refreshments. 8:00 pm “First Date” @ Old Goshen Town Hall “First Date” @ Old Goshen Town Hall Mar 31 @ 8:00 pm Musical comedy about real-time thoughts and experiences of Casey and Aaron as they meet for the first time. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads MARINI PAVING 860-274-3978 MARINI PAVING 860-274-3978 * Driveways * Repairs * Seal Coating * Drainage #563045. 203-410-9226 WATERBURY WATERBURY 27 Johnson St, furn room, mens rooming house, sec/clean bldg./ shared bath/ all util & cable inc/$140 wk & up, sec/ref chk req. 203.444.7252 Comments Popular Today Week Month All Malloy defies Trump on immigrants, travel ban Woodbury sued over Dollar General denial Plymouth man killed in motorcycle crash Many area fishing spots without trout this year Roger Daltrey: 'Dead dog' would have beaten Hillary Clinton Today Week Month All Plymouth man killed in motorcycle crash Former Waterbury man guilty of felony murder Doris Tata Malloy defies Trump on immigrants, travel ban Woodbury sued over Dollar General denial Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Health Anchors and Reporters Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Hand It On Crime Stoppers Links Mentioned Investigators Slideshows 9News This Morning Power of 9 WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award SFN Player of the Week Traffic Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map THE INVESTIGATORS: Texas contractor skips out on Baton Rouge home repairs WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead 2017-03-30T19:19:25Z2017-03-30T19:19:25Z (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool). FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 file photo, U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, member of the main crew of the expedition to the International Space Station, waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship a... By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman - eight - and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking - just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. As Whitson and Kimbrough installed the three remaining shields, Mission Control quickly came up with a TV MacGyver-like plan for a patch. The astronauts filled the gap using the cover that they had just removed from the relocated docking port. The cover is made of the same material as the shielding, according to Mission Control, and just as capable of protecting against potential strikes by bits of space debris and providing thermal control. The entire space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. It was not immediately clear how the shield got away, said NASA spokesman Dan Huot. It's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Frustration was evident in Whitson's voice as she told Mission Control about the mishap. She was delighted, though, by how well everything turned out. "You guys came up with a fantastic plan - on short notice. That's amazing," Whitson radioed. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. But the getaway items are usually small, like bolts. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, when unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station's commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Oakland officials: Candle ignited fire that killed 4 Oakland officials: Candle ignited fire that killed 4 Posted: Friday, March 31 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-03-31 06:36:59 GMT Updated: Friday, March 31 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-03-31 06:36:59 GMT Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> Judge appears close to approving Trump University settlement Judge appears close to approving Trump University settlement Posted: Friday, March 31 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-03-31 06:36:30 GMT Updated: Friday, March 31 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-03-31 06:36:31 GMT U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel is once again reflecting on his second-oldest case _ a nearly seven-year-old lawsuit alleging that Donald Trump defrauded students of the now-defunct Trump University before he...More >> U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel is once again reflecting on his second-oldest case _ a nearly seven-year-old lawsuit alleging that Donald Trump defrauded students of the now-defunct Trump University before he was president.More >> Oakland officials: Burning candle started deadly fire Oakland officials: Burning candle started deadly fire Posted: Thursday, March 30 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-03-31 02:36:25 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-03-31 02:36:25 GMT Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> SpaceX launches its first recycled rocket in historic leap SpaceX launches its first recycled rocket in historic leap Posted: Thursday, March 30 2017 10:06 PM EDT2017-03-31 02:06:12 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 10:06 PM EDT2017-03-31 02:06:12 GMT SpaceX is set to launch its first recycled rocket with a satellite on top.More >> SpaceX is set to launch its first recycled rocket with a satellite on top.More >> Oklahoma Bar Association opens investigation of ex-AG Pruitt Oklahoma Bar Association opens investigation of ex-AG Pruitt Posted: Thursday, March 30 2017 9:26 PM EDT2017-03-31 01:26:31 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 9:26 PM EDT2017-03-31 01:26:31 GMT The Oklahoma Bar Association is investigating an ethics complaint against former state Attorney General Scott Pruitt, now administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.More >> The Oklahoma Bar Association is investigating an ethics complaint against former state Attorney General Scott Pruitt, now administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Owl stuck between truck cab and trailer on the mend An owl is lucky to be alive after flying into a truck and getting stuck between the cab and the cargo hold An owl is lucky to be alive after flying into a truck and getting stuck between the cab and the cargo hold More >> An owl is lucky to be alive after flying into a truck and getting stuck between the cab and the cargo holdMore >> Come look at intel material, White House tells House panel Come look at intel material, White House tells House panel The White House has invited the heads of congressional intelligence committees investigating Russia's role in the 2016 election to view materials found by the National Security Council More >> The White House has invited the heads of congressional intelligence committees investigating Russia's role in the 2016 election to view materials found by the National Security CouncilMore >> White House invites lawmakers to see intelligence material White House invites lawmakers to see intelligence material The White House says it has invited the heads of the Senate and House intelligence committees investigating Russia's role in the 2016 election to view materials found by the National Security Council More >> The White House says it has invited the heads of the Senate and House intelligence committees investigating Russia's role in the 2016 election to view materials found by the National Security CouncilMore >> Comey discusses the effects of partisanship on investigations Comey discusses the effects of partisanship on investigations FBI Director James Comey provides insights on the role of politics in investigations. More >> FBI Director James Comey provides insights on the role of politics in investigations.More >> Pedestrian deaths spiked in 2016, distraction cited Pedestrian deaths spiked in 2016, distraction cited An analysis of preliminary state data shows pedestrian deaths are climbing faster than motorist fatalities, reaching nearly 6,000 deaths last year _ the highest total in more than two decades More >> An analysis of preliminary state data shows pedestrian deaths are climbing faster than motorist fatalities, reaching nearly 6,000 deaths last year _ the highest total in more than two decadesMore >> US judge questions government on narrowing travel ban block US judge questions government on narrowing travel ban block A federal judge in Hawaii has questioned government attorneys who urged him to narrow his order blocking President Donald Trump's travel ban because suspending the nation's refugee program has no effect on the state More >> A federal judge in Hawaii has questioned government attorneys who urged him to narrow his order blocking President Donald Trump's travel ban because suspending the nation's refugee program has no effect on the stateMore >> 2 former Christie aides go to prison for bridge revenge plot 2 former Christie aides go to prison for bridge revenge plot Two former aides to Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie have been sentenced to prison for creating a colossal traffic jam at the George Washington Bridge for political revenge More >> Two former aides to Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie have been sentenced to prison for creating a colossal traffic jam at the George Washington Bridge for political revengeMore >> Senate intel leaders pledge Russia probe cooperation Senate intel leaders pledge Russia probe cooperation The top Republican and Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee say they will steer clear of politics in probing Russian interference in last year's presidential election _ in sharp contrast to a similar investigation in the House More >> The top Republican and Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee say they will steer clear of politics in probing Russian interference in last year's presidential election _ in sharp contrast to a similar investigation in the HouseMore >> Rep. Maxine Waters' no-holds-barred remarks find fans Rep. Maxine Waters' no-holds-barred remarks find fans Rep. Maxine Waters of California is finding new fans with her no-holds-barred remarks against President Donald Trump and his administration More >> Rep. Maxine Waters of California is finding new fans with her no-holds-barred remarks against President Donald Trump and his administrationMore >> Woman strikes Capitol Police cruiser, taken into custody Woman strikes Capitol Police cruiser, taken into custody Police say a woman described as "erratic and aggressive" drove a car into a U.S. Capitol Police cruiser near the U.S. Capitol More >> Police say a woman described as "erratic and aggressive" drove a car into a U.S. Capitol Police cruiser near the U.S. CapitolMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Friday 31 March Friday 31 March Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports #Vanguardtraffic Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Editorial Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » More... » Interview » Richard Branson failed in Nigeria, don’t blame Nigerian airlines — Olowo Richard Branson failed in Nigeria, don’t blame Nigerian airlines — Olowo On March 31, 20172:56 amIn Interview by Nwafor PolycarpComments By Lawani Mikairu Gabriel Olowo, a former Deputy General Manager, Varig, a Brazilian airline and currently president of the Aviation Safety Round Table Initiative and President/ Chief Execuive Officer, Sabre Network NMC West Africa, while interacting with selected aviation reporters in Lagos said the failures of airlines in Nigeria is mostly due to the harsh government policies and environment. He said that if Richard Branson, owner of Virgin Atlantic Airlines failed in Nigeria, then there is no reason to blame Nigerian Airlines for failing. Excerpts: WHY do you think domestic airlines fail in Nigeria? Thirty percent of the failures of the airlines is due to mismanagement of the owners and 70 percent is as a result of government and the harsh economic environment. I have been in the sector since 1973 and I have seen the airlines failing within a space of ten years they started operations. So, there is a common factor. The business of Nigeria Airways was government business. The problem of corporate governance has always been there. The Nigeria Airways was supposed to be repackaged and become a new carrier but the then president said the government is not buying into the repackaging. The second generation airlines such as Okada Air, Oriental Airlines, Triax, Kabo among others all meant well. Okada said they wanted to prove to the government that they could do the business and they brought a Boeing B747 but that aircraft never flew but was left to rot. Investment was wasted. Senator Hadi Sirika, Minister of state, Aviation Environment is very hostile for business He got a promise from then second in command during the Military regime, but we were looking at the airplane everyday as it parked at the airport. It was initially planned to do Lagos-London-Lagos routes. That was on the side of government and this was the same situation for Okada, Kabo Air. Recently three banks wanted to take over Etisalat due to the debts it owed the banks but the Nigerian Communication Commission and the Minister of Communication intervened and stopped the banks, but there was no indication that the Minister or the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) made any step to save Arik or even Aero Contractors. Why is it so in the aviation industry? The Nigerian environment is very hostile for business and our civil servants in the Aviation Ministry (now Ministry of Transport) are supposed to see to the advancement of the sector, ensuring that airlines succeed. They are supposed to measure their progress from year to year. They should tell us the number of aircraft in the last one year, the number of airlines that have increased their fleet over the years, the growth rate amongst others. So, if there is no growth, there can be no development. Aviation Ministry, what are you set up to achieve? Where is aviation? How come Ethiopian Airline took us over? How come South Africa Airways took us over? What is that Ministry doing? The civil service is the government. The President will talk through the minister of aviation, who is responsible for the ministry, even if the Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority is autonomous. How has the foreign exchange policy affected the aviation sector? What I am trying to establish first and foremost is the mortality rate of our airlines. Why has it been ten years, after which they die? Belview was 14 years. 30 percent are caused by owners arbitrariness. Professional managers Success goes into their head so quickly and they ignore professional decisions and professional managers. In the government environment, there are a lot of factors. Foreign exchange is one that is highly volatile. It has always been like this in the last forty years. Early 1970s, I remember the exchange rate was four naira to a dollar. During the first coming of President Buhari, we faced the foreign exchange problem and the airlines were running with what was called blended rate. Various banks offered different exchange rates. Foreign airlines were faced with that. About five airlines left Nigeria. I was working for a Brazilian airline, Varig. I was deputy general manager. The airline left this country because of foreign exchange. They had naira in Nigeria, but they could not repatriate their revenue due to scarcity of foreign exchange. Iberia left, Varig, Scandinavian Airline amongst others left. Since then a big vacuum was created. During Buhari’s first coming, there was trade with Brazil; we had counter trade with Brazil. Volkswagen Nigeria was relating with Volkswagen Brazil. We had Sakamori, we had telecom from that country, pharmaceutical businesses from Brazil. There was huge economy exchange that time, but since the airline left there has been vacuum between Nigeria and Brazil in terms of business interaction. There was huge economic boost between those two continents then. Once aviation link is broken, economy is dead. We lost everything. As at 1994, exchange rate was around N22 per dollar. Nigerian airlines were selling one hour flight ticket for Lagos-Abuja or Lagos-Kano at N2,200 and at the exchange rate of N22, that amounted to $100. Lagos-Abuja was $100 value in 1994, which was about 23 years ago. Today exchange rate has moved from N22 to N450. Today, an airline sold ticket for N16, 000, which amounts to 30 dollars. Someone in government should raise an alarm over this. Do they want to kill the airlines? If I am in government, I will shut down the airline because this is showing you desperation for cash flow. And they call it promotion. What kind of promotion? Exchange rate will never make you earn the right tariff because people will not be able to buy the ticket. So, you decide to reduce the price, meanwhile your cost is increasing. The airlines in Nigeria currently are not charging the right tariff after 23 years. If people cannot fly, then do not kill them. If I am NCAA director general, I will shut any airline that charges less than $100. The recession, which peaked last year, adversely affected the business in Nigeria, but it seems to have affected the airlines more? The airlines borrowed a lot and their borrowing has dollar content and you do all your sales in naira, how can you get the foreign exchange content? You go to CBN, CBN says N305, which is not available. You spend so much on training, maintenance, so much for distribution. You have to pay dollars for virtually everything. The dollar is not available so, the operators have to go to the black market to get dollars at a higher rate than the rate he sold the ticket. How do you want that airline to service his debts? Because he has started, he cannot kill the business, so he keeps on struggling and he gets to a level that all the creditors gang up against him. The airlines AMCON has taken what success has it made of them? What is the objective of taking over? The job of the receiver manager is to assess your assets and liability and make up your mind on whether you will revive it or kill the company? Objective of taking over All over the world, when a business goes to receivership, he might decide to say since the company is bankrupt; they will keep the business running and make sure the business does not die. They can set all the debts aside and say when the business picks up, they can attend to other things. I do not think we have bankruptcy law in Nigeria and if that is the case, it behoves  our regulator to find a way to support our airlines having seen how and why they are dying, which is as a result of direct and indirect contribution. If Richard Branson came here and failed, what are the factors responsible? Richard Branson is doing well in Australia, in US and Europe, why did he fail in Nigeria? The Ministry of Aviation, NCAA and all stakeholders, if Richard Branson failed in Nigeria, then do not blame Nigerian airlines at all. When Branson was leaving, he said Nigerian politicians are carrier destroyers. They do not follow through an agreement, they cancel agreements. What is going to be the investor confidence?  The NCAA and the Ministry which are supposed to be government agents and decision makers should not have allowed AMCON to do what it did. They will ask AMCON their objective. An airline that went from 30 aircraft to nine and your eyes are wide open. Did the bad economy of the airline happen in one day? The aircraft would have been going for maintenance and not coming back. They are supposed to monitor the economic health of the airlines on a daily basis. The airline fill the forms and the NCAA has the right to make sure it is correct. When you are talking about capitalisation in this sector, it is not like the banks. Capitalisation is not liquidity. Our NCAA must be ready to see how liquid the airlines are. If they are not liquid, they must find out why and you must account for his problem of liquidity and where he can account for it, you realise that revenue is not covering cost; you have a job to do. Nigerians are watching to see the development in the new management of Arik Air. What is the hope that they will be able to revive the airline? Personally, I have no hope on AMCON because antecedent has not convinced me otherwise. The way they have been moving in the last three to four weeks, I see no hope. They took over Aero Contractors and I haven’t seen anything after that. They removed the CEO of Aero and sent him to the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA), they brought in the chief pilot from Arik to Aero, all their postings have been haphazard, so I see no hope but I pray that they don’t kill the airline. The airline must not go under. It is not about paying off the banks but it is an in-depth understanding of the cause of the problem. If there are priority allocations of foreign exchange to some sectors, even religion, this is a very sensitive sector for FX allocation. Airline operator If the airline operator has borrowed with huge FX content, and FX has gotten to such an alarming rate, then there is a problem. For foreign airlines, they reduce frequencies, they are cutting their expenses, their bigger operational base are not in Nigeria. So, all they do is sell here and move their money. So, they know how to handle their problems. The Nigerian airlines’ home is here. Somebody needs sympathy for them and that sympathy should be from our own government, our NCAA and the Ministry. I see no reason why we cannot call the airlines together and find a way to make them strong. If I have my way, I will merge all of them into one without killing their individual identity. The total aircraft for Nigerian airlines today is less than thirty. South African airways has 53 aircraft, Ethiopian airline has close to 100. We can bring our airlines together and do a very robust schedule for all their airlines put together. As a roster the first airline for flight one, the next flight will be used as flight two. If the first airline does not go for any reason, the second airline can go, while the third airline can be used as flight three. The schedule will be maintained. So, you will be competing to do your flight because you are on the schedule and I will do 1000 flights using all the aircraft. I will use technology. If they can grow their fleet, they will continue to grow it to make it efficient. If you are going to position the aeroplane, we must have a standby. If you cannot position it in 30 minutes to take off, then the airline on standby will move in. The issue is policy. The NCAA just needs to ask for the airlines’ airworthy aircraft; we can have two strong competitors. This is to reduce competition and improve standard because NCAA will not take rubbish from any airline. That is what Imo Air is trying to do. Imo Air operated by Dana Air that is the concept. It is done all over the world. If you go to the United State that is what is done. American Airlines operated by different operators. American Airlines has robust schedule and it is not operated by American Airline aircraft but aircraft under the supervision of American Airline. Nwafor Polycarp View all posts by Nwafor Polycarp → Previous Post Victoria Crest marked turning point for us in the industry—Okonkwo Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 6:59 amAPC heads to court over Obiano’s LG transition chairmen 6:55 amNimbo massacre suspects arraigned, detained in prison 6:43 amNo going back on CBT— JAMB 6:41 amFG laments spate of Nigerians dieing during illegal migration 6:40 amMobilization of unqualified graduates to attract criminal prosecution —NYSC 6:39 amAbuja airport: FG imports fibre glass grid for durable runway 6:31 amMeningitis: NCDC confirms 109 deaths in 5 states, as cases hit 1,966 6:27 amAli’s uniform controversy a distraction —Dogara 6:24 amGov Umahi suspends Attorney-General, Solicitor-General over negligence of duty 6:21 amInstitute of Chartered Shipbrokers debuts in Nigeria 6:05 amSkill acquisition: Delta trains 47 youths in tiling, POP design 6:02 amBuhari’ll still travel to London for medicals — Presidency 6:00 amCartoon: Mr & Mrs 5:58 amFG extends tenure of 2016 budget 5:49 amAssemblies of God pastor alleges brutalizatiion of members by Police, Army 5:40 amWhat is in a Range Rover 5:35 am2019: Senate okays card reader, electronic voting View All Sponsored How You Can Improve Your Sexual Performance and Last Longer In Bed Tonight  Most Men think that when it comes to s3x, big manhood and body size are important. But truth is women want a man that ca... How I Went From Lasting 1 Minute in Bed To Over 25 Min in Bed HOW I OVERCAME MY PREMATURE EJACULATION, WEAK ERECTION PROBLEM AND CONFIDENTLY LAST LONGER FROM BEING A 1-MINUTE MAN TO OVER 30 MINUTES PER ROUND IN BED How You Can Last 25 Minutes Longer In Bed Tonight Editorial Get the real Shekau now! THE official admission by the Federal Government through the Minister of Defence, Mansur Dan Ali, that the leader of Bok... Presidency, National Assembly should work together Cartoons Cartoon: Mr & Mrs Most Commented BIZZARE: Bird transforms into human after electrocution in Rivers372 Dangote opens one-stop shop in Onitsha34 Buhari to return to UK for follow-up treatment - Presidency160 State of the nation: Without restructuring we won't go far – Nwabueze, Akinjide, Adebanjo, Utomi20 N2.1bn contract fraud: EFCC probes Senator Nwaoboshi, brother19 Magu seeks N5bn compensation for libel26 Nothing like Abacha loot- Bamayi63 Videos Otobo to Apostle Suleman: My God is stronger, has more connections than yours Stephanie Otobo, a Nigerian Canadian singer who accused Suleiman of having extra-marital affairs with her and others, wa... Read More Vanguard awards The hard facts to rescue the Nigerian Economy by Soludo Let me thank the leadership of Vanguard Newspapers for inviting me to lead the discussion on “The Hard Facts to Rescue t... Read More Vanguard Economy Discourse live E-editions Literature Prize Call for Entries 2017 People & Politics Return of the ‘prodigal’ son I don’t think the “thinking cap” is really a cap because Fashola was not wearing one when he performed the smart, ice-br... Read More Afe for Vanguard Moulding Nigeria into a nation (7) All persons elected to the legislature would thus be expected to have regular jobs and would only sit in the hallowed ch... Read More Candid Notes Ife 21, nemo judex in causas sua and Yoruba jurisprudence I HAD this engaging interview with the Alaafin of Oyo in 2002 alongside Wale Adeoye during which the monarch dwelt exten... Read More Talking Point The Customs, Hameed Ali and the Nigerian Senate IT’S not everyday Nigerians get to read about the Nigeria Customs Service even when personnel of the agency in the cours... Read More Muhammed Adamu on Thursday What to do with Saraki NASS I SHOULD not tire to quote David Ingram, who said: “The American founders believed that a constitution that placed unlim... Read More The Hub Igue: Still the ultimate Thanksgiving but… Christians should understand that Igue is not fetish; rather, it is the ultimate annual thanksgiving of the Edos; and it... Read More Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
KIRO Radio 710 ESPN SEATTLE AM 770 KTTH FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ALERTS Weather Traffic Sports Radio Ways to Listen Podcasts On-Demand Stations KIRO Radio 97.3 FM 710 ESPN Seattle AM 770 KTTH Mobile Apps KIRO Radio App 710 ESPN Seattle App Promotions Contests and Events Voices KIRO Radio Dave Ross Tom and Curley Dori Monson Ron and Don Jason and Burns 770 KTTH Todd Herman Michael Medved Lifestyle & Entertainment Rachel Belle Tom Tangney MyNorthwest MyNorthwest Blog News Local News National News Politics Chokepoints Lifestyle World News Money Technology Odd News Sponsored Features Tools Weather Traffic Earthquake Tracker School Closings Police Blotter Latest News Local News Conundrum stalling Seattle's body-cam policy Local News Does Amazon's charitable giving match its success yet? Local News While dealing with knife-wielding man, Seattle police took 'safe' option UW Washington's Kelsey Plum wins AP Player of the Year award Brent Stecker Report: Mariners bringing back veteran reliever Mark Lowe Local News Confirmed: Tornado touches down in Monroe Brock and Salk Listen: Brock Huard on the best CB fits for the Seahawks in the draft Brent Stecker Mariners' Felix Hernandez: 'I'm not done; I'm still The King' Danny Dave and Moore Mariners’ Nelson Cruz on playing hurt, learning how to hit in 2016 Brent Stecker Huskies coach Chris Petersen: 'Heck yes' Seahawks should take Kevin King in first round of NFL Draft Dave Ross Former AG Rob McKenna: Seattle's 'sanctuary' lawsuit has legs Local News Federal opioid initiative isn't enough to help Everett Gee Scott Richard Sherman to Gee Scott on possible trade from Seahawks: 'I understand it's a business' Local News Snohomish County approves $72 million renovation of Everett courthouse Dave Ross The adults finally decided to step into the Russia investigation Local News Watch: South Everett home invasion suspects caught on camera Danny Dave and Moore Mariners' James Paxton hoping fingernail hangups are in the past Local News Should be no surprise 'the south' won in Dick’s contest Chokepoints Bellevue to shave minutes off commutes with new levy money Jason and Burns Mayor Murray pursues 'moral' cause but dodges immigration question Danny Dave and Moore Listen: Manager Scott Servais on Mariners' eye-opening players Ron and Don The Riveter is Seattle's first all female co-working space Local News Is naming these Sound Transit stations really that hard? John Clayton Listen: John Clayton on why the NFL voted to ban leaping on field goals, extra points Local News Seattle sues Trump administration over sanctuary city threats Local News Seattle could finally get a warm day Local News Hundreds attend self-defense class after Golden Gardens attack Local News Federal funding for 'Big One' prep is 'conceivably' in jeopardy Local News Video reveals flawed anchor cables on 520 bridge Dave Ross All the data traveling through your router could become fair game   Home Local News Sports Traffic Weather LIVE Radio Podcasts Our Radio Stations KIRO Radio 97.3 FM 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM Opinion Dave Ross Dori Monson Tom and Curley Ron and Don Jason Rantz Rachel Belle Todd Herman Michael Medved In the News Local News National News World News Chokepoints Politics Lifestyle Money Technology Odd News Sports Sports News Mariners Seahawks Sounders FC Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts More Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach KIRO Radio 97.3 FM Listen LIVE Watch In-Studio Podcasts Download the App On-Air Schedule 710 ESPN Seattle Listen LIVE Watch In-Studio Podcasts Download the App On-Air Schedule AM 770 KTTH Listen LIVE Podcasts On-Air Schedule Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Local News Does Amazon’s charitable giving match its success yet? By Eric Mandel, Digital Content Producer   | March 30, 2017 @ 4:32 pm Comments Share Tweet Share Share (via Canva) Exactly five years ago, The Seattle Times ran an investigative series “Behind the Amazon.com smile” – a deep-dive into the soul of city burgeoning online retail monopoly. One specific aspect examined Amazon’s charitable giving and concluded that the Seattle-based company was a “virtual no-show in hometown philanthropic giving.” Related: Seattle shelter gets big boost from Amazon A half-decade later and there is still a prevailing thought that Amazon is tight with its money. But Jeff Bezos’ record-setting, $35-million donation to the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center indicates that notion may not be fair. Whether or not The Times’ series is responsible for showing Amazon the way to giving, though, is unknown. Amazon giving The Times story indicated that, despite 18 years of business and sprawling South Lake Union campus, the Fortune 500 company had an “astoundingly low profile in the civic life of its hometown,” especially when compared to the other local behemoths – Microsoft, Boeing, and Nordstrom. The story also scrutinized CEO Jeff Bezos, who didn’t comment for the story, specifically for Grinch-like tendencies, contrasting him with Microsoft CEO (and all-around Saint?) Bill Gates. However, as the Times reported in Thursday’s announcement, the Bezos family donated $500,000 to Fred Hutch in 2007, $10 million two years later and another $20 million in 2014. But Bezos and Amazon have been giving back to more than just cancer research. When contacted March 21 for a story about Amazon’s philanthropy and the impact of the Times’ 2012 series, an Amazon spokesperson responded with a link to a page that lists stories of the retailer’s philanthropy and another that explains some of the company’s initiatives. The company, according to its website, supports several local organizations and initiatives, including sponsorship of the Fourth of July fireworks on Lake Union and South Lake Union block party, hosting and mentoring Girls Who Code, endowing professorships in the University of Washington Computer Science Department, and more. Compare that to the previous 2012 Times story that said Amazon is not on the rosters of major donors to local nonprofits including Alliance for Education, Seattle Art Museum, and United Way; and had no record of donations for the Seattle Symphony, Washington’s Special Olympics, YMCA of Greater Seattle or Forterra, a prominent conservation group formerly called the Cascade Land Conservancy. While the list appears to be growing, so has the company itself. Could the company do more? Comments Share Tweet Share Share Most Popular Woman claims Seattle tax proposal runs afoul of regulation Former AG Rob McKenna: Seattle's 'sanctuary' lawsuit has legs Seattle mayor, council seek to create immigrant legal fund More Conundrum stalling Seattle's body-cam policy Does Amazon's charitable giving match its success yet? While dealing with knife-wielding man, Seattle police took 'safe' option Confirmed: Tornado touches down in Monroe Federal opioid initiative isn't enough to help Everett About the Author Eric Mandel Eric Mandel joined MyNorthwest.com and 710 ESPN Seattle in August of 2015 after almost a decade of reporting at daily and non-daily newspapers in Wisconsin, Iowa, and Washington. Email Eric at emandel@mynorthwest.com Top Stories Tactics may have caused traffic, but SPD deescalated deadly situation Former AG: Seattle's 'sanctuary' lawsuit isn't just for show Sherman tells Gee: Want to stay in Seattle but 'it’s a business' Sponsored Articles Cooking with spirits: Spicy and sweet chicken thighs & bloody mary soup Health science research improves lives and creates jobs 5 reasons to visit Leavenworth this Spring Comments Comment guidelines: No name-calling, personal attacks, profanity, or insults. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate comments by reporting abuse. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Latest News Local News Conundrum stalling Seattle's body-cam policy Local News Does Amazon's charitable giving match its success yet? Local News While dealing with knife-wielding man, Seattle police took 'safe' option UW Washington's Kelsey Plum wins AP Player of the Year award Brent Stecker Report: Mariners bringing back veteran reliever Mark Lowe Local News Confirmed: Tornado touches down in Monroe Brock and Salk Listen: Brock Huard on the best CB fits for the Seahawks in the draft Brent Stecker Mariners' Felix Hernandez: 'I'm not done; I'm still The King' Danny Dave and Moore Mariners’ Nelson Cruz on playing hurt, learning how to hit in 2016 Brent Stecker Huskies coach Chris Petersen: 'Heck yes' Seahawks should take Kevin King in first round of NFL Draft Dave Ross Former AG Rob McKenna: Seattle's 'sanctuary' lawsuit has legs Local News Federal opioid initiative isn't enough to help Everett Gee Scott Richard Sherman to Gee Scott on possible trade from Seahawks: 'I understand it's a business' Local News Snohomish County approves $72 million renovation of Everett courthouse Dave Ross The adults finally decided to step into the Russia investigation Local News Watch: South Everett home invasion suspects caught on camera Danny Dave and Moore Mariners' James Paxton hoping fingernail hangups are in the past Local News Should be no surprise 'the south' won in Dick’s contest Chokepoints Bellevue to shave minutes off commutes with new levy money Jason and Burns Mayor Murray pursues 'moral' cause but dodges immigration question Danny Dave and Moore Listen: Manager Scott Servais on Mariners' eye-opening players Ron and Don The Riveter is Seattle's first all female co-working space Local News Is naming these Sound Transit stations really that hard? John Clayton Listen: John Clayton on why the NFL voted to ban leaping on field goals, extra points Local News Seattle sues Trump administration over sanctuary city threats Local News Seattle could finally get a warm day Local News Hundreds attend self-defense class after Golden Gardens attack Local News Federal funding for 'Big One' prep is 'conceivably' in jeopardy Local News Video reveals flawed anchor cables on 520 bridge Dave Ross All the data traveling through your router could become fair game Seattle, Washington, USA Top Stories Western Washington Local News Real Estate Traffic Weather Nation/World National News Politics Lifestyle World News Money Technology Odd News Voices Commentary Dave Ross MyNorthwest Blog Lifestyle & Entertainment Rachel Belle Tom Tangney Tom Douglas KIRO Radio Tom and Curley Dori Monson Ron and Don Jason and Burns 770 KTTH Todd Herman Michael Medved Radio LIVE Listen now Watch in-studio video Stations KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM On-Demand Podcasts Mobile Apps KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle Sports 710 ESPN Seattle Seattle Seahawks Seattle Mariners Seattle Sounders FC MLB Scoreboard NFL Scoreboard Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Podcasts Help Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts Part of the MyNorthwest.com Network of Sites © 2017 Bonneville International. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. All rights reserved. EEO Public File Report. Copyright Infringement FCC Public File: KIRO-FM | KIRO-AM | KTTH FCC STATION REPRESENTATIVE: TOM PIERSON – TPIERSON@BONNEVILLE.COM 206.726.7000
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, March 31, 2017 2:57 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Life US astronaut breaks record for most spacewalks by a woman Friday March 31, 2017 08:12 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Lallana blow gives Liverpool boss derby headache Malaysians arrive home safely from North Korea The Edit: Nora Danish and Nedim Nazri say ‘I do’ (VIDEO) Flooding overwhelms Australian towns after Cyclone Debbie Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article US astronaut Peggy Whitson. — AFP pic MIAMI, March 31 — American astronaut Peggy Whitson made history when she floated outside the International Space Station yesterday, breaking the record for the most spacewalks by a woman. Whitson, 57, is making her eighth career spacewalk, surpassing the record of seven previously held by American Suni Williams. The spacewalk formally began at 7:29am when Whitson and her Nasa colleague Shane Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. “Be safe and enjoy your time out,” said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened. “I will be waiting for you.” The goal of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk is to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. Thursday’s walkabout is the second in a series of three spacewalks to outfit the exterior of the orbiting outpost with parking spots for a new generation of space taxis ferrying astronauts to the station. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year. Whitson’s space cred Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. She is a native of Iowa and is known for her quick wit, sense of humor and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. Earlier this month, she said in an interview on Nasa television that she has spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in microgravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and growing seedlings called Arabidopsis to study how plants grow in orbit. Now on her third long-duration spaceflight, Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. She arrived at the space station in November, after previously serving on two six month missions at the orbiting outpost in 2002 and 2008. On April 24, she will break another record — this time for the most cumulative days in space by an American — when she passes 534 in orbit, longer than current title holder Jeff Williams. Active on her Twitter account, @AstroPeggy, Whitson often writes about how research at the space station relates to every day life, and how she travels the world as part of her astronaut training. “I traveled to Russia eight times in the last 1.5 year training flow, two times to Japan and one time to Cologne,” she wrote in a recent blog post. Next week, she and Pesquet, 39, will perform another spacewalk to continue the space station upgrades and maintenance needed for future spaceships. For part of the outing, Pesquet is scheduled to ride the robotic arm from part of the football field-sized lab to another. “We call that officially the yee-haw ride,” she told Nasa television last week. Whitson is married to fellow Nasa biochemist Clarence Sams. According to her Nasa bio, her hobbies include weightlifting, biking, basketball and water skiing. — AFP-Relaxnews                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week The internet wants to ‘surrender’ to this pretty Malaysian policewoman Kim Kardashian joins Rembrandt in London selfie exhibit Mysterious ‘Gollum-like’ being caught on tape in Aceh forest (VIDEO) Ghosts of Mosul stalk Iraq’s fleeing children Old Woodlands Town Centre now a shadow of its vibrant past The internet wants to ‘surrender’ to this pretty Malaysian policewoman The jihadi who turned to Jesus Shop, sup, and style up at Merchant & Sisters, KL’s first modern general store Russian man rescues pregnant dog buried alive for two days (VIDEO) How two teens in leggings became a PR mess for United Airlines Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
CLOSE Television Schedule Arctic Entries In My Family Indie Alaska AK Passport Radio Schedule Stream KSKA 91.1 FM Podcasts 49 Voices A Closer Look Addressing Alaskans AK Community in Unity Hometown, Alaska Line One New Arrivals Outdoor Explorer Stage Talk Talk of Alaska News All Podcasts Alaska News Nightly Alaska News – APRN Alaska Politics Alaska’s Energy Desk Environment Urban Affairs Alaska Edition Iditarod 2017 Kids & Family Kids Club Join In My Family Support Membership AK Passport Update Your Membership Account Leadership Circle Planned Giving Give Stocks Sponsorship Vehicle Donation About Us Contact Organization People Funding Public Documents Public Meetings Careers Events Contribute Television Schedule Arctic Entries In My Family Indie Alaska AK Passport Radio Schedule Stream KSKA 91.1 FM Podcasts 49 Voices A Closer Look Addressing Alaskans AK Community in Unity Hometown, Alaska Line One New Arrivals Outdoor Explorer Stage Talk Talk of Alaska News All Podcasts Alaska News Nightly Alaska News – APRN Alaska Politics Alaska’s Energy Desk Environment Urban Affairs Alaska Edition Iditarod 2017 Kids & Family Kids Club Join In My Family Support Membership AK Passport Update Your Membership Account Leadership Circle Planned Giving Give Stocks Sponsorship Vehicle Donation About Us Contact Organization People Funding Public Documents Public Meetings Careers Events Contribute Formerly all-Boeing Alaska Air to keep Airbus jets for ‘foreseeable future’ By Tom Banse, NNN - Oregon - March 30, 2017 tweet (Photo courtesy of Alaska Airlines and Virgin Airlines) Alaska Airlines executives say the integration of former rival Virgin America is proceeding on track. Parent company Alaska Air Group updated Wall Street analysts on the merger at an “Investor Day” briefing in New York City on Wednesday. One thing left up in the air was how long Alaska will keep Virgin America’s Airbus fleet. Chief Financial Officer Brandon Pedersen noted Alaska Airlines had long operated an all-Boeing fleet until late last year. Listen now “Regardless of the decision we make, Airbus airplanes will be with us for a long time because it would extraordinarily expensive to return those airplanes early. We need the lift,” Pedersen said. “We’re going to be an Airbus customer for the foreseeable future.” Pedersen said most of the 68 Airbus jets in Virgin’s fleet this year are on leases that run through at least 2021. He said Alaska Air will announce a decision by the end of this year whether to remain a mixed fleet operator long term or go back to an all-Boeing fleet. Last week, Seattle-based Alaska announced it will retire the Virgin America brand and repaint those planes likely sometime in 2019. On Wednesday, the combined airline’s top brass added that it will standardize the First Class cabins resulting in plusher seats with more legroom than Alaska currently offers, but less space than Virgin’s current First Class offering. Alaska Air Group CEO Brad Tilden said his team evaluated whether to offer “lie-flat” seats on transcontinental flights to keep pace with larger competitors, but decided that was not worth it. SHARE Facebook Twitter Previous articleBeyond believers and deniers: for Americans, climate change is complicated Next articleAnchorage looks to private foundation to help oversee housing issues Tom Banse, NNN - Oregon RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Bethel organizers prepare for the 2017 Cama’i Dance Festival Bill would halve Gov. Walker’s pension bond authority Specialty crop grant deadline approaches Listen / Watch Thanks To Our Sponsors QUICK LINKS Contact Us Organization Careers People Public Documents Public Meetings Events Community Calendar E-Newsletter CONTRIBUTE Ways to Give Update Member Info Corporate Sponsorship Volunteering FOLLOW US Contact Contact Us Become a Business Supporter Ask About your Membership Tell Us About a Website Problem Report a Radio/TV Problem Share a News Tip Kids Club Kids Club Home Join Kids Club Kids Club Sponsors Support Membership Sustainers Update Your Member Account Major and Planned Giving About PBS Passport Donate Your Vehicle Give Stock About Us Organization People Public Documents Public Meetings Careers Sponsorship Calendars Event Calendar Community Calendar © Alaska Public Media 2016. All rights reserved.
Department of Defense Search Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports QUICK LINKS Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Legal & Administrative Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map Skip to main content (Press Enter). Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Toggle navigation Department of Defense Department of Defense Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports U.S. Department of Defense Search HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-060-17 March 30, 2017 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS NAVY The Boeing Co., Seattle, Washington, is being awarded a $2,196,638,752 modification to a previously awarded fixed-price, cost-plus-fixed-fee contract (N00019-14-C-0067) for the manufacture and delivery of 17 Lot 8 full-rate production P-8A aircraft for the Navy (11), foreign military sales (2), and cooperative agreement partners (4); and long lead parts associated with the manufacture of 10 Lot 9 P-8A aircraft for the Navy (7) and the foreign military sales partners (3).  In addition, this modification also provides for Lot 8 segregable efforts consisting of unknown obsolescence, class I change assessment, obsolescence monitoring, and integrated baseline/program management reviews.  Work will be performed in Seattle, Washington (80 percent); Baltimore, Maryland (3 percent); Greenlawn, New York (2.8 percent); outside the U.S. (1.7 percent); North Amityville, New York (1.1 percent); Rockford, Illinois (0.9 percent); Rancho Santa Margarita, California (0.7 percent); Salt Lake City, Utah (0.6 percent); and various locations within the U.S. (9.2 percent), and is expected to be completed in December 2020.  Fiscal 2017 aircraft procurement (Navy); cooperative agreement; and foreign military sales funds in the amount of $1,748,799,516 will be obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract combines purchase for the Navy ($1,447,499,092; 65.9 percent); cooperative agreement partners ($476,809,236; 21.7 percent); and foreign military sales partners ($272,330,424; 12.4 percent).  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. Harper Construction Co. Inc., San Diego, California (N62473-17-D-0817); The Haskell Co., Jacksonville, Florida (N62473-17-D-0818); M. A. Mortenson Co., doing business as Mortenson Construction, Minneapolis, Minnesota (N62473-17-D-0819); RQ Construction LLC, Carlsbad, California (N62473-17-D-0820); SOLPAC Construction Inc., doing business as Soltek Pacific Construction Co., San Diego, California (N62473-17-D-0821); and The Whiting-Turner Contracting Co., Greenbelt, Maryland (N62473-17-D-0822), are each being awarded an indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, multiple award, design-build construction contract for construction projects located primarily at the Naval Special Warfare Command Coastal Campus, Coronado, California.  The maximum dollar value including the base period and four option years for all six contracts combined is $500,000,000.  SOLPAC Construction Inc., doing business as Soltek Pacific Construction Co. is being awarded task order 0001 at $15,996,140 for the design and construction of Special Operations Forces, Special Reconnaissance Team-ONE Operations Facility #1 at the Naval Special Warfare Command Coastal Campus, Naval Base Coronado, Coronado, California.  Work for this task order is expected to be completed by October 2018.  All work on this contract will be performed in California.  The term of the contract is not to exceed 60 months, with an expected completion date of March 2022.  Fiscal 2017 military construction (defense-wide); and fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $16,021,140 are obligated on this award, of which $25,000 will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Future task orders will be primarily funded by military construction (defense-wide); and operations and maintenance (Navy).  This contract was competitively procured as a full and open unrestricted procurement with a historically underutilized business zone price evaluation preference in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation 52.219-4, via the Navy Electronic Commerce Online website, with 20 proposals received.  These six contractors may compete for task orders under the terms and conditions of the awarded contracts.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command Southwest, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity. Dynetics Inc., Huntsville, Alabama (N68936-17-D-0010); Engility Corp., Andover, Massachusetts (N68936-17-D-0011); Kranze Technology Solutions Inc.,* Prospect Heights, Illinois (N68936-17-D-0012); Leidos Inc., Reston, Virginia (N68936-17-D-0013); New Directions Technologies, Inc.,* Ridgecrest, California (N68936-17-D-0014); and NuWaves LTD,* Middletown, Ohio (N68936-17-D-0015), are each being awarded cost-plus-fixed-fee, firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contracts for research, development, delivery, sustainment, and upgrade of instrumentation for the Combat Environment Instrumentation Systems (CEIS). CEIS includes GPS-based time-space-position-information instrumentation, electronic attack/active emitter pods, warning/countermeasure systems, radio frequency and electro-optical tracking systems, multi-spectral threat/target systems and unmanned airborne vehicle instrumentation used by Department of Defense and allied training and test and evaluation ranges.  The aggregate amount for all contracts is $197,905,650, with the companies having an opportunity to compete for individual orders.  Work will be performed at Ridgecrest, California (85 percent); and Point Mugu, California (15 percent), and is expected to be completed in March 2022.  Fiscal 2017 working capital funds (Navy) in the amount of $15,000 are being obligated at time of award ($2,500 to each awardee), none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured via an electronic request for proposals; 11 firms solicited and six offers were received.  The Naval Air Warfare Center Weapons Division, China Lake, California, is the contracting activity. Lockheed Martin Corp., Fort Worth, Texas, is being awarded $95,773,177 for modification P00012 to a previously awarded fixed-price-incentive-firm contract (N00019-16-C-0004) to provide technical and logistics services, training, maintenance and repair services, and supply chain management in support of F-35 Lightning II joint strike fighter for a non-Department of Defense participant.  Work will be performed outside the U.S. (80 percent); Orlando, Florida (10 percent); and Fort Worth, Texas (10 percent), and is expected to be completed in November 2020.  Non-Department of Defense funding in the amount of $95,773,177 is being obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.  CB&I Federal Services LLC, Alexandria, Virginia, is being awarded a $54,095,271 firm-fixed-price contract for fuel storage and distribution facilities replacement at Naval Air Station Lemoore.  The work to be performed provides for the construction and replacement of a jet-fuel storage complex consisting of fuel piping to 20 existing hot fuel outlets, fuel transfer piping, three fuel storage tanks, pump-house, and fuel operations support facility.  It modifies existing fuel truck loading position and adds two additional positions, and modifies existing truck unloading stations. It replaces existing military service station and provides a 25 gallon surge tank.  Work also includes the demolition or decommissioning of existing fuel underground storage tanks and associated support facilities.  Project includes remediation of fuel contaminated soil funded by other appropriations.  The contract also contains two unexercised options and one planned modification, which if exercised would increase cumulative contract value to $57,093,969.  Work will be performed in Lemoore, California, and is expected to be completed by April 2020.  Fiscal 2015 military construction (defense-wide) contract funds in the amount of $54,095,271 are obligated on this award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured via the Navy Electronic Commerce Online website, with three proposals received.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Southwest, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity (N62473-17-C-2005). RQ-DPR JV, Carlsbad, California, is being awarded a $48,125,000 firm-fixed-price contract for design-bid-build of a complete utilities infrastructure at Silver Strand Training Complex-South, Naval Base Coronado.  The work to be performed provides for the construction of primary facilities for electrical, gas, water, sanitary sewer, storm water, fire protection, communication, and data systems.  Major scope elements include: sewer lift stations, primary and secondary distribution, data systems, fiber optics, lighting, switchgear, fire storage tanks and all associated pumps.  The contract also contains one unexercised option, which if exercised would increase cumulative contract value to $48,162,000.  Work will be performed in Coronado, California, and is expected to be completed by May 2019.  Fiscal 2017 military construction (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $48,125,000 are obligated on this award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured via the Navy Electronic Commerce Online website, with five proposals received.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Southwest, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity (N62473-17-C-0808).   U.S. Marine Management Inc., Norfolk, Virginia, is being issued a $31,968,664 modification under a previously awarded firm-fixed-price contract (N00033-09-C-2504) to exercise an option to extend a six-month service period for the operation and maintenance of six Navy oceanographic survey ships. These ships support the Naval Oceanographic Office performing acoustic, biological, physical, and geophysical surveys, which provide much of the military's information on the ocean environment.  Work will be performed worldwide, and work is expected to be completed Sept. 30, 2017.  Navy working capital funds in the amount of $31,968,664 are obligated at the time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Navy’s Military Sealift Command, Norfolk, Virginia, is the contracting activity (N00033-09-C-2504). Professional Contract Services Inc., Austin, Texas, is being awarded a $23,868,732 modification under a previously awarded indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract (N62470-15-D-4009) to exercise option two for base operations support services at Naval Medical Center Portsmouth, and its outlying support sites all located in Virginia.  The work to be performed provides for all labor, supervision, management, tools, materials, equipment, facilities, transportation, incidental engineering, and other items necessary to provide facilities maintenance and equipment repair services.  After award of this option, the total cumulative contract value will be $68,911,344.  Work will be performed in Portsmouth, Virginia, and is expected to be completed March 2018.  No funds will be obligated at time of award.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $21,624,214 for recurring work will be obligated on individual task orders issued during the option period.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Mid-Atlantic, Norfolk, Virginia, is the contracting activity. L3 Technologies Inc., Arlington, Texas, is being awarded $20,834,127 for delivery order N61340-17-F-0030 against a previously issued basic ordering agreement (N61340-12-G-0001) for high definition visual system and system area network upgrades to F/A-18C/D tactical operational flight trainers, including associated provisioning items.  Work will be performed in Arlington, Texas, and is expected to be completed in March 2020.  Fiscal 2016 and 2017 aircraft procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $20,834,127 will be obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division, Orlando, Florida, is the contracting activity. Harris Corp., Annapolis, Maryland, is being awarded an $18,977,215 modification to a previously awarded firm-fixed-price, cost-plus-fixed-fee, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract (N00174-11-D-0002) to extend the ordering period and exercise Option Year 6 for the procurement and support of the transmitting set, countermeasures AN/PLT-4 to support explosive ordnance disposal personnel.  The AN/PLT-4 is a man-portable system in support of the Joint Service Explosive Ordnance Disposal Counter Radio Controlled Improvised Explosive Device Electronic Warfare program.  Work will be performed in Annapolis, Maryland, and is expected to be completed by March 2018.  No funds are being obligated at the time of award.  The Naval Surface Warfare Center Indian Head Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technology Division, Indian Head, Maryland, is the contracting activity.  Interstate Electronics Corp., Anaheim, California, is being awarded $14,646,541 for cost-plus-fixed-fee, cost-plus-incentive-fee contract modification P00006 to a previously awarded contract (N00030-16-C-0040) for phase two of the M350 RF set development, demonstration and shakedown operation flight test mission operations support and SSBN installation of Data Recording Subsystem Strategic Systems Programs Alteration 30346.  The work will be performed in Anaheim, California (56 percent); Cape Canaveral, Florida (27 percent); Washington, District of Columbia (4 percent); Bremerton, Washington (3 percent); Kings Bay, Georgia (3 percent); Norfolk, Virginia (3 percent); Laurel, Maryland (2 percent); and Silverdale, Washington (2 percent), with an expected completion date of Jan. 31, 2020.  Fiscal 2017 weapons procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $13,994,695; and fiscal 2017 other procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $651,846 are being obligated on this award, none of which expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Strategic Systems Programs, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity. Barnhart-Reese Construction Inc.,* San Diego, California, is being awarded $12,650,806 for firm-fixed-price task order 0002 under a previously awarded multiple award construction contract (N62473-17-D-4629) for renovation of Barracks Buildings 774 and 777 at Naval Base Coronado.  The work to be performed provides for the renovation of the buildings to code compliance, provides interior finish repairs, and structural and seismic retrofitting. The work also includes building shell, building interiors, building services, equipment and furnishings, special construction and demolition, substructure, building site work, and accessibility.  Work will be performed in San Diego, California, and is expected to be completed by April 2019.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $12,650,806 are obligated on this award and will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Five proposals were received for this task order.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Southwest, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity.   Detyens Shipyards Inc., North Charleston, South Carolina, is being awarded a $12,088,262 firm-fixed-price contract for 57-calendar day shipyard availability for the regular overhaul and dry docking of USNS Lenthall (T-AO 189).  Work will include general services, clean and gas free tanks, rafting of tanks, ultrasonic thickness gauging of steel throughout the vessel, after mooring deck steel deck replacement, central fresh water steel deck replacement, 06 fan room bulkhead steel replacement, marine sanitation device holding tank bolting ring replacement, annual lifeboat recertification, annual inspection and overhaul of the firefighting system, replacement of the sliding block sprockets and  lower pillow block bearings, dry docking items such as hull painting and free board painting, stern tube seal overhaul, controllable pitch propeller system overhaul, remove both port and starboard tail shafts and re-centralize the port shaft, Cathelco marine growth inhibitor anode replacement, cathodic protection system maintenance, American Bureau of Shipping and Coast Guard annuals and certificate of inspection renewal.  The contract includes options which, if exercised, would bring the total contract value to $13,560,869.  Work will be performed in North Charleston, South Carolina, and is expected to be completed by July 14, 2017.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) funds in the amount of $12,088,262 are being obligated at the time of award. Contract funds will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured, with proposals solicited via the Federal Business Opportunities website, with two offers received.  The Navy’s Military Sealift Command, Norfolk, Virginia, is the contracting activity (N32205-17-C-4006). Arnold Defense and Electronics LLC, Arnold, Missouri, is being awarded an $11,929,630 firm-fixed-price modification to a previously awarded contract (N00174-16-D-0003) for manufacturing of launchers and/or sub-components to support Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force operations (training and in theatre).  Work will be performed in Arnold, Missouri, and is expected to be completed by November 2017.  Fiscal 2015 and 2017 ammunition (Air Force); and fiscal 2017 procurement of ammo Navy and Marine Corps (Navy) funding in the amount of $230,000 will be obligated at time of award and will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Surface Warfare Center, Indian Head Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technology Division, Indian Head, Maryland, is the contracting activity. Northrop Grumman Systems Corp., Rolling Meadows, Illinois, is being awarded $10,651,430 for cost-plus-fixed-fee, firm-fixed-price delivery order 0511 against a previously issued basic ordering agreement (N00019-15-G-0026) for APR-39D(V)2 software changes, hardware changes, repairs, and production transition support, including repair and retrofit of test assets, end items, and supportability and training products.  Work will be performed in Rolling Meadows, Illinois, and is expected to be completed in March 2018.  Fiscal 2015 and 2016 aircraft procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $10,651,430 are being obligated at time of award, $932,121 of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. Reyes Construction Inc., Pomona, California, is being awarded $10,504,700 for firm-fixed-price task order 0009 under a previously awarded multiple award construction contract (N62473-14-D-0068) for construction of the North Entry Control Point at Naval Base Coronado.  The work to be performed provides for the signalized intersection at State Route 75 and Hooper Boulevard, a gate house, canopy, access control, sentry booths, over-watch tower, paving, grading and site appurtenances.  The task order also contains one unexercised option and one planned modification, which if exercised would increase cumulative contract value to $10,702,880.  Work will be performed in Coronado, California, and is expected to be completed by October 2018.  Fiscal 2017 military construction (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $10,504,700 are obligated on this award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Three proposals were received for this task order.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Southwest, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity. Metron Inc., Reston, Virginia, is being awarded a $9,995,494 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, cost-plus-fixed-fee contract to provide system source code, documentation, and requirements for the Executable Architecture Management System.  Support will include software design and code base; statistical analysis algorithms; application and database components; web and internal interfaces; testing systems and methodologies; and end-user analysis techniques.  This three-year contract includes no options.  Work will be performed at government facilities in San Diego, California (80 percent); and the contractor’s facilities in Reston, Virginia (20 percent).  The ordering period is from March 30, 2017, through March 29, 2020.  No funds will be obligated at the time of award.  Funding will be obligated via task orders as they are issued using research, development, test and evaluation; and operations and maintenance (Navy) funds.  This is a sole-source procurement and issued using other than full and open competition in accordance with 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1), as implemented by Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.302-1 - only one responsible source.  The solicitation was published on Nov. 29, 2016 on the Federal Business Opportunities web site and the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command e-Commerce Central web site.  The Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity (N66001-17-D-0023). Centerra Group LLC, Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, is being awarded a $7,330,436 modification under a previously awarded indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract (N62742-16-D-3600) to exercise option one for base operations support services at military and civilian installations in the Republic of Singapore.  The work to be performed provides for general management and administration services; air operations (airfield facilities and passenger terminal and cargo handling); operations support supply (material management); housing (family housing and unaccompanied housing); facilities support (facility management, facility investment, custodial, pest control, integrated solid waste management), other (swimming pool), and grounds maintenance and landscaping); utilities (water); base support vehicles and equipment; and environmental.  After award of this option, the total cumulative contract value will be $63,624,689.  Work will be performed in the Republic of Singapore, and work is expected to be completed March 2018.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy); fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Air Force); and fiscal 2017 non-appropriated funds in the amount of $6,818,551 for recurring work will be obligated on individual task orders issued during the option period; of which $6,274,449 will expire at the end of the current fiscal year and $544,102 is subject to the availability of funds for the next fiscal year.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command Pacific, Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, is the contracting activity.  ARMY Lockheed Martin Corp., Syracuse, New York, was awarded a $1,588,571,025 order dependent contract for the Counter Fire Target Acquisition Radar System full-rate production and deployment. Bids were solicited via the Internet with one received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of March 29, 2022. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, is the contracting activity (W56KGY-17-D-0005). Akima Construction Services LLC,* Colorado Springs, Colorado (W912DR-17-D-0013); Turner Construction Co., New York, New York (W912DR-17-D-0003); B.L. Harbert International LLC, Birmingham, Alabama (W912DR-17-D-0009); Grunley Construction Co., Rockville, Maryland (W912DR-17-D-0002); Black Horse Group LLC,* Watertown, New York (W912DR-17-D-0014); Doyon Project Services LLC,* Federal Way, Washington (W912DR-17-D-0012); McCarthy Hitt JV II, St. Louis Missouri (W912DR-17-D-0010); HSU Development Inc.,* Rockville, Maryland (W912DR-17-D-0015); and J&J Maintenance Inc.,* Austin, Texas (W912DR-17-D-0016), will share in a $499,000,000 firm-fixed-price contract for design-build and design-bid-build construction in support of projects located in the Baltimore-Washington corridor, and may also can be used throughout the continental U.S. and Hawaii. Bids were solicited via the Internet with 52 received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of March 29, 2022. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Baltimore, Maryland, is the contracting activity. General Dynamics – OTS Inc., Williston, Vermont (W15QKN-17-D-0040); and U.S. Ordnance,* McCarran, Nevada (W15QKN-17-D-0041), will share in a $221,000,000 firm-fixed-price contract to procure M2 flexible, M2 fixed, and M2A1 machineguns. Bids were solicited via the Internet with two received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of March 30, 2023. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey, is the contracting activity. Critical Solutions International Inc.,* Charleston, South Carolina, was awarded a $131,946,942 firm-fixed-price, foreign military sales (Egypt, Jordan, and Saudi Arabia) contract for the production of commercial Husky second generation system, new production sub-systems, spare parts, storage, tools and diagnostic equipment, field service representatives, and training for current special defense acquisition funds requirements and projected country funded foreign military sales requirements. Bids were solicited via the Internet with one received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of March 30, 2021. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Warren, Michigan, is the contracting activity (W56HZV-17-D-0045). Walsh Federal/Alberici JV, Chicago, Illinois, was awarded a $97,939,000 firm-fixed-price contract for construction of the KC-46A two-bay hangar at Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma. Bids were solicited via the Internet with five received. Work will be performed in Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma, with an estimated completion date of May 17, 2019. Fiscal 2015 military construction funds in the amount of $97,939,000 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Tulsa, Oklahoma, is the contracting activity (W912BV-17-C-0004). General Dynamics Information Technology, Fairfax, Virginia, was awarded a $45,000,000 cost-plus-award-fee contract for development and integration of new capability, as well as upgrade, modernization and sustainment of existing capability for the joint effects model. Bids were solicited via the Internet with two received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of March 29, 2022. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, is the contracting activity (W911SR-17-D-0002). Raytheon Co., Andover, Massachusetts, was awarded a $26,661,098 cost-plus-fixed-fee, foreign military sales (Japan, Egypt, Spain, Singapore, Bahrain, Turkey, Jordan, and United Arab Emirates) contract to provide engineering, product assurance, documentation, configuration management support, and logistics services to resolve problems related to the deployed Homing All the Way Killer (HAWK) missile system to foreign military customers. Bids were solicited via the Internet with one received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of Sept. 30, 2022. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, is the contracting activity (W31P4Q-17-D-0022). General Dynamics Information Technology, Fairfax, Virginia, was awarded a $24,371,710 modification (0005) to contract W52P1J-14-D-0011 for 73 staff support positions located throughout Afghanistan. Work will be performed in Afghanistan with an estimated completion date of May 22, 2018. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Army) funds in the amount of $12,185,855 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Rock Island Arsenal, Illinois, is the contracting activity. Raytheon Co., Andover, Massachusetts, was awarded a $23,044,183 cost-plus-fixed-fee, foreign military sales (Israel, Qatar, Kuwait, Japan, Korea, Republic of Taiwan, United Arab Emirates, Luxembourg and Saudi Arabia) contract for support necessary to execute PATRIOT Field Surveillance program to include missile assessments, testing, recertification, and repair activities. Bids were solicited via the Internet with one received. Work will be performed in Andover, Massachusetts, with an estimated completion date of Jan. 31, 2020. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Army); as well as other funds in the amount of $13,615,520 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, is the contracting activity (W31P4Q-17-C-0042). URS Federal Services Inc., Germantown, Maryland, was awarded a $15,213,676 modification (P00023) to contract W9124G-15-C-0005 for rotary wing flight training instructor support services for the Army Aviation Center of Excellence. Work will be performed in Daleville, Alabama, with an estimated completion date of June 30, 2017. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Army) funds in the amount of $15,213,676 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Fort Eustis, Virginia, is the contracting activity. Oshkosh Defense LLC, Oshkosh, Wisconsin, was awarded a $15,080,369 firm-fixed-price, foreign military sales (Jordan and Oman) contract for M1070A1 Heavy Equipment Transporters, with associated testing, spare parts, and training. Bids were solicited via the Internet with one received. Work will be performed in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, with an estimated completion date of Dec. 31, 2018. Fiscal 2010 and 2017 other funds in the amount of $15,080,369 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Warren, Michigan, is the contracting activity (W56HZV-17-C-0064). AI Signal Research Inc.,* Huntsville, Alabama, was awarded an $11,352,114 modification (P00017) to contract W91CRB-16-C-0022 for labor for engineering and support services. Work will be performed in Huntsville, Alabama, with an estimated completion date of Nov. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $1,864,666 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, is the contracting activity. SAIC, McLean, Virginia, was awarded an $8,277,675 modification (0033FN) to contract W31P4Q-05-A-0031 for the performance of system engineering and modeling and simulation analysis of perimeter security and persistent surveillance systems in support of Product Manager, Electro-Optical Infrared-Force Protection to support current force protection operations. Work will be performed in Huntsville, Alabama; Afghanistan; Kuwait; and Iraq, with an estimated completion date of Oct. 5, 2017. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Army) funds in the amount of $8,277,675 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, is the contracting activity. AIR FORCE General Atomics - Aeronautical Systems Inc., Poway, California, has been awarded a $98,000,000 ceiling indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for the MQ-9 technology maturation effort. This effort will provide a broad enterprise of activities associated with development of capabilities for the MQ-9 Reaper unmanned aircraft system (UAS). The objective is to develop approved capabilities for the MQ-9 UAS to satisfy criteria to be on-ramped onto a contract to integrate the capability into the MQ-9 fleet. Each capability will be assessed individually for logistics and engineering implications, risks, impacts, and operational suitability prior to integration on-ramping decisions. Work will be performed at Poway, California, and orders on this indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity will be placed by Sept. 20, 2021. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. No funds are being obligated at the time of award.  Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is the contracting activity (FA8620-17-D-2000). ENSCO Inc. Falls Church, Virginia, has been awarded a $74,290,000 cost-plus-fixed-fee, firm-fixed-price, cost reimbursable, indefinite delivery/indefinite‐quantity contract for modeling software and engineering support. Contractor will provide scientific and technological support for requirements for research, development, maintenance, sustainment, and enhancement of complex systems through both on-site and off-site personnel.  Software applications were developed or acquired for evaluators to collect, process, analyze mission data and generate scientific and technical reports.  Work will be performed at Patrick Air Force Base, Florida; and ENSCO, Melbourne, Florida, and is expected to be complete by March 31, 2025.  This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $249,978 are being obligated at the time of award.  Headquarters Air Combat Command Acquisition Management and Integration Center, Patrick Air Force Base, Florida, is the contracting activity (FA7022-17-D-0009). The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, has been awarded a $15,000,000 modification (P00005) to previously awarded contract FA8681‐14‐D‐0028 for Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM) technical support and aircraft integration. Contractor will provide JDAM support for studies and analysis; product improvement; upgrades; integration including, but not limited to, software integration, aircraft integration; associated hardware and testing. Work will be performed at St. Louis, Missouri, and is expected to be complete by March 31, 2019. No funds are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, is the contracting activity. Lockheed Martin Aeronautics, Marietta, Georgia, has been awarded an $11,935,451 modification (P00008) to previously awarded contract FA8504-14-C-0003 for the C-130J center wing box replacement program. Contractor will provide an additional quantity of three each C-130J center wing boxes and three each component kits being produced under the basic contract. Work will be performed at Marietta, Georgia; and Atlanta, Georgia, and is expected to be complete by Aug. 31, 2019. Fiscal 2015 and 2016 aircraft procurement funds in the amount of $11,935,451 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, is the contracting activity. Flight Safety Services Corp., Centennial, Colorado, has been awarded a $10,225,037 modification (P00132) to previously awarded contract FA8223-11-C-0003 for contractor logistics support and instruction services on the C-5 Aircrew Training System (ATS). Contractor will provide operation, maintenance, and sustainment of ATS devices along with Training System Support Center services and aircrew instruction. Work will be performed at Travis Air Force Base, California; Dover Air Force Base, Delaware; Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland Air Force Base, Texas; and Westover Air Reserve Base, Massachusetts, and is expected to be complete by Aug. 31, 2017.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $8,704,015 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is the contracting activity. CSRA LLC, Chantilly, Virginia, has been awarded a $10,000,000 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for high power electromagnetics (HPEM) and cyber electronic warfare applications. Contractor will identify and develop HPEM technologies with the potential to complement and enhance mission effectiveness of the cyber and electronic warfare (EW) communities. This includes the study, analysis, and information scenarios in which HPEM can be used for cyber or EW applications, conduct, experiments, and demonstrative concepts. Work will be performed at Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico, and is expected to be complete by June 20, 2020. This award is the result of a competitive acquisition with six offers received. Fiscal 2016 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $104,581 are being obligated at the time of award for the first task order. Air Force Research Laboratory, Kirtland AFB, New Mexico, is the contracting activity (FA9451-17-D-0080). The Boeing Co. - Defense Space and Security, St. Louis, Missouri, has been awarded a not-to-exceed $7,367,000 undefintized change order (FA8213-17-F-1001-P00001) to previously awarded contract FA8213-15-D-0002 for changes to the design of 1,000 KMU-557F/B tail kits into KMU-557G/B tail kits for use on the BLU-137 warhead. Work will be performed at St. Louis, Missouri, and is expected to be complete by May 31, 2019. Fiscal 2017 ammunition funds in the amount of $3,683,500 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Hill Air Force Base, Utah, is the contracting activity. P3I Inc.,* Hopkinton, Massachusetts, has been awarded an estimated $7,117,388 cost-plus-fixed fee, firm-fixed-price, cost-reimbursable modification (28) to exercise the option on previously awarded task order (0002) on contract FA8721-13-D-0006 for professional acquisition support services. Contractor will provide advisory and assistance services to the Command, Control, Communications, Intelligence and Networks Directorate. Work will be performed at Lackland Air Force Base, Texas, and is expected to be complete by April 17, 2018. Fiscal 2016 and 2017 operations and maintenance; research, development, test, and evaluation; and other procurement funds have been awarded in the amount of $4,968,083 at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Hanscom Air Force Base, Massachusetts, is the contracting activity. Goodwill Industries, San Antonio, Texas, has been awarded a $7,011,211 modification (P0005) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA8052-15-C-0003 for the Medical Records Processing Activity. Work will be performed at San Antonio, Texas, and is expected to be complete by March 29, 2018. Fiscal 2017 Defense Health Program funds in the amount of $6,855,753; and 2017 joint incentive funds in the amount of $155,458 are being obligated at the time of award. The 773rd Enterprise Sourcing Squadron, Joint Base San Antonio, Texas, is the contracting activity. U.S. SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND Raytheon Blackbird Technologies, Herndon, Virginia, was awarded a five-year, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract with a $90,000,000 maximum by U.S. Special Operations Command (USSOCOM).  This contract supports the Hostile Forces – Tagging, Tracking, and Locating program to include providing field service representative, operational planner and new equipment training services for USSOCOM Acquisition, Technology & Logistics.  The work will be performed in various continental U.S., and outside the continental U.S. locations.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $6,535,117.80 is being obligated at the time of the award.  This contract was awarded through full and open competition.  USSOCOM, Tampa, Florida, is the contracting activity (H92222-17-D-0013). (Awarded on March 29, 2017) DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY Golden State Medical Supply Inc., Camarillo, California, has been awarded a maximum $67,857,581 firm-fixed-price requirements contract for tolterodine tartrate extended release capsules. This is a one-year base contract with four one-year option periods. Maximum dollar amount is for the life of the contract. This was a competitive acquisition with two responses received. Locations of performance are West Virginia and California, with a March 29, 2022, performance completion date. Using customers are Department of Defense, Department of Veterans Affairs, Indian Health Services, and Federal Bureau of Prisons. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through 2022 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (SPE2D2-17-D-0053).   Cardinal Health Inc., Dublin, Ohio, has been awarded an estimated $19,962,834 firm-fixed-price requirements contract for general-purpose pharmaceuticals.  This is a sole-source acquisition using justification 10 U.S. Code 2304 (c)(1). This is a one-year contract with no option periods. Location of performance is Ohio, with a March 29, 2018, performance completion date. Using customers are Afghanistan National Army and Afghanistan National Police. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through 2018 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (SPE2DP-17-C-0001).   *Small business News News Articles Casualty Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Contracts Testimony Messages Special Reports Photos/Videos Photo Essays Week in Photos DoD Video News Other Pentagon Press Badges Military Commissions Press / Media Queries Other News Sources MISSION The mission of the Department of Defense is to provide the military forces needed to deter war and to protect the security of our country. The department's headquarters is at the Pentagon. SUBSCRIBE NOW Get the latest DoD News products delivered to your inbox. Subscribe MILITARY DEPARTMENTS Joint Chiefs Army Marine Corps Navy Air Force Coast Guard UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Africa Command Central Command European Command Northern Command Pacific Command Southern Command Special Operations Command Strategic Command Transportation Command Connect Twitter Facebook Flickr LinkedIn Instagram YouTube DefenseTV DVIDS Blogs RSS Contact Subscribe Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map
Close Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead - Brownsville Herald: Texas Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 79° Clear Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Wife of former Texas health commissioner killed in Los Fresnos crash Top Story AUSTIN (AP) — The wife of former Texas Health and Human Services Commissioner Chris Traylor has been killed in a car crash. Posted: March 30 rss Texas News 15 survivors ask $250M-plus in deadly Biloxi train-bus crash Best friend turns on 'good old boy' accused lottery scammer The Latest: Kelsey Plum, UConn's Auriemma win AP awards Latest: Officials: Callers saw a pickup driving erratically Texas law enforcement officials received calls about pickup driving erratically before deadly collision with bus. Judge moves, pushes Texas attorney general's criminal trial Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest North Carolina hopes 'bathroom bill' deal saves NCAA events AP New! RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Basketball-mad North Carolina is hoping its move to roll back its "bathroom bill" will help it avoid another costly hit when the NCAA selects four years of championship sites for a variety of sports. Updated: 5:01 pm Business, General News, Sports More From The Latest Panthers QB Newton undergoes surgery to repair rotator cuff Frank Mason of Kansas, Gonzaga's Mark Few win AP awards North Carolina rolls back 'bathroom bill' despite criticism The Latest: Kelsey Plum, UConn's Auriemma win AP awards Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Puzzles Comics Kingdom Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Texas Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Story Comments Image (4) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next HOGP Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead This still image taken from NASA shows NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson during a space walk at the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. Whitson, the world's oldest and most experienced spacewoman has just set another record, her eighth spacewalk. Whitson and her spacewalking partner, Shane Kimbrough need to complete prep work on a docking port. (NASA via AP) HOGP Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson, above, and Shane Kimbrough work on the outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk. (NASA via AP) Dmitri Lovetsky Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 file photo, U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, member of the main crew of the expedition to the International Space Station, waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship at the Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. On Thursday, March 30, 2017, Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman, eight, as she works on preparations for a new docking port on the ISS. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool) HOGP Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Shane Kimbrough, left, and Peggy Whitson, install a shield on a relocated docking port outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk at another part of the station earlier in the day. (NASA via AP) Posted: Thursday, March 30, 2017 2:08 pm | Updated: 2:30 pm, Thu Mar 30, 2017. Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Associated Press | CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman — eight — and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking — just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. As Whitson and Kimbrough installed the three remaining shields, Mission Control quickly came up with a TV MacGyver-like plan for a patch. The astronauts filled the gap using the cover that they had just removed from the relocated docking port. The cover is made of the same material as the shielding, according to Mission Control, and just as capable of protecting against potential strikes by bits of space debris and providing thermal control. The entire space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. It was not immediately clear how the shield got away, said NASA spokesman Dan Huot. It's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Frustration was evident in Whitson's voice as she told Mission Control about the mishap. She was delighted, though, by how well everything turned out. "You guys came up with a fantastic plan — on short notice. That's amazing," Whitson radioed. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. But the getaway items are usually small, like bolts. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, when unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station's commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Science The Latest: Kelsey Plum, UConn's Auriemma win AP awards The Latest: Kelsey Plum, UConn's Auriemma win AP awards The Latest: Kelsey Plum, UConn's Auriemma win AP awards The Latest: Kelsey Plum, UConn's Auriemma win AP awards The Latest: Kelsey Plum, UConn's Auriemma win AP awards More about Space Exploration Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead More about Space Industry Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Discuss Print Posted in Texas on Thursday, March 30, 2017 2:08 pm. Updated: 2:30 pm. | Tags: Science, Space Exploration, Space Industry, Aerospace And Defense Industry, Industrial Products And Services, Business, Record Setting Events, General News, Port Operation, Transportation Infrastructure, Transportation And Shipping | Location Tags: Florida, United States, North America, Russia, Eastern Europe, Europe Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Convenience Store for Sale in Edinburg. Fully stocked and operating. Updated: March 26 Owner will Finance 10 Acre Ranch- 11039 N. La Homa $175,000 Updated: 5:00 am Call: 956-383-6295 956-551-7845 Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars 08 Grand Cherokee Laredo, asking $7,850 OBO, Clean Title, 6Cycl. $7,850 Updated: 5:00 am `03 Harley Police/ Anniversary Special, Road King, 37K Mi., $7,950 $7,950 Updated: 5:00 am 2013 Nissan Altima SL. $14,900, 58K Mi.,, remote start, keyless $14,900 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
LIVE SMARTER Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE Watch Live as SpaceX Launches Its First Reused Rocket Share David W Brown filed under: space, technology image credit: Public Domain Like us on Facebook Tonight at 6:27 p.m. EDT, SpaceX will attempt to launch a satellite into orbit with a previously flown Falcon 9 rocket. It's the first time since the space shuttle program that a “flight-proven” launch system will have sent an object into orbit, and heralds the next era in spaceflight. The launch will happen from Kennedy Space Center in Florida, at launch complex 39A—a location that's no stranger to history, having previously been used for the Apollo moon missions and later the space shuttle. The rocket has 2.5-hour launch window, and will carry an SES-10 communications satellite for SES, a Luxembourg-based satellite company. You can watch it live beginning about 6 p.m. HISTORY MADE It was never a given that the 15-year-old SpaceX, founded by Elon Musk, would make it as far as it has. Starting an aerospace company to compete with Lockheed and Boeing was always a long shot, but the notion of landing rockets was the stuff of science fiction, let alone landing them vertically on an autonomous barge in the middle of the ocean, following an orbital launch at speeds greater than Mach 5.5. Then SpaceX started doing just that, repeatedly, and today SpaceX has seven previously flown rockets waiting for reuse. To put this in context, every single orbital, cargo-bearing rocket used before the founding of SpaceX—except for those that blew up on the launch pad or otherwise went horribly wrong—was dropped into the ocean after launch. That's thousands of rockets confounding fish around the world. For all the commercial and engineering triumphs of Elon Musk’s science fiction proving ground, however, one challenge has remained unattempted: to take one of those rockets used previously on a spaceflight, and to light that candle a second time. This has never been done before. The closest we’ve had was the space shuttle, which isn’t exactly a 1:1 comparison. The latter was one part of a much larger launch system, and at a billion dollars per launch, the shuttle wasn’t exactly a bargain. Today it costs $62 million to launch a spacecraft with a Falcon 9 rocket. (They put it right there on their website.) Reuse could take launch costs down to as low as $40 million. This might not sound like much of a discount, but ULA charges approximately $109 million to launch something with an Atlas V rocket. For the same price, then, a company could buy two launches from SpaceX, or spend a lot more on research, development, and engineering of a spacecraft or constellation. The lower the barrier of entry to space, the more industries that can get involved. “When SpaceX successfully launches a rocket with a reused booster, it will signal to mission operators and the financial markets that space industry margins are growing and that launch frequency will increase,” says Amir Blachman, the VP of Strategic Development for Axiom Space, a firm that specializes in building space stations and developing low-Earth orbit. “It is a signal that the upward inflection in space-generated revenue is happening now and not sometime in the far off future.” Blachman tells mental_floss that this will also accelerate the number of human launches to the International Space Station and beyond. Elon Musk’s long term goal for SpaceX is to colonize Mars. Such a project will require scores of launches to move people and equipment from this planet to the next. THE CARE AND FEEDING OF A ROCKET Preparing a Falcon 9 rocket for a second launch involves its partial disassembly, inspection, refurbishment, and, again, inspection. The rocket was put through a static fire test earlier this week, which involves filling it with fuel bringing the rocket engines briefly to full blast, with the rocket still secured to the ground. That the same rocket engine will be used in this launch is yet another achievement. Previously, only the space shuttle main engines were reused. (Today they are being refurbished for use in NASA’s gargantuan Space Launch System rocket.) Otherwise, like the rockets that carry them, the engines generally end up at the bottom of the ocean. With tonight’s launch, successful or otherwise, and the attendant lessons learned every step of the way, from initial assembly through launch, refurbishment, relaunch, and landing, the company can move rapidly toward total reusability. The long term goal at SpaceX is to engineer rockets that require almost no refurbishment at all before reuse. As for the rocket’s payload, 32 minutes after launch, it will separate from the Falcon 9 and enter a geostationary transfer orbit. The rocket, meanwhile, will begin its descent and attempt its second landing ever, on “Of Course I Still Love You,” a drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. (The barge is named for a starship in the sci-fi novel The Player of Games, by Iain M. Banks.) The rocket was previously flown in April 2016, for a resupply mission to the International Space Station. March 30, 2017 - 05:25pm Share David W Brown David Brown is coauthor of The Command (John Wiley & Sons, 2012) and Deep State (Wiley, 2013). He is a correspondent for The Atlantic and regular contributor to The Week and mental_floss. He can be found online at http://dwb.io. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. POPULAR ON mental_floss Scientists Find Non-Gluten Cause of Wheat Sensitivity New Emojis to Include Vampires, Pie, and a Person in a Headscarf The Forgotten Uses of 8 Everyday Objects POPULAR ON mental_floss What Are The Colored Circles on Food Packages? The Odd Grammar Rule Most English Speakers Know But Are Rarely Taught Why Do Late-Night Talk Shows Start at 11:35 p.m.? POPULAR ON mental_floss The Brains of Anxious People May Perceive the World Differently Name the Bordering Country Dead Air: The Talk Show Guest Who Died on Dick Cavett's Stage POPULAR ON mental_floss Does 'Vaginal Seeding' Work? Doctors Say There's Not Enough Evidence A Hidden Netflix Feature Lets You Request Movies and TV Shows There's a Wire Above Manhattan That You've Probably Never Noticed POPULAR ON mental_floss The Bizarre History of Those '90s Mentos Commercials Crows Form, Nurse, and Share Grudges Against People 12 Technological Advancements of World War I POPULAR ON mental_floss Why Use Sunscreen? Just Look at Your Butt 11 Behind-the-Scenes Secrets of Reality TV Producers 7 Books That Will (Probably) Never Be Printed Again NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Stocks End Higher, Record Close For Nasdaq  |  5 Dow Stocks Near Buy Points News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Lockheed Stock Hits Buy Point After Trump Reverses This Obama Move GILLIAN RICH 3/30/2017 Reprints The State Department submitted a notice to Congress allowing arms sales to Bahrain after the Obama administration halted sales until the U.S. ally improved its human rights record, according to multiple reports. Now the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee have 40 days to review the $5 billion sale for 19 Lockheed Martin (LMT) F-16 fighter jets and equipment to the Middle Eastern ally. Another 30-day review is then required. The approval comes as defense contractors look outside U.S. to help boost sales. Lockheed wants foreign buyers to account for 30% of total revenue in the next few years. Boeing (BA) received approval from the Obama administration last year to sell 72 F-15s to Qatar and 32 Super Hornets to Kuwait after Washington signed a $38 billion military assistance package for Israel. Lockheed shares rose 0.9% to 270.54 on the stock market today, back above a 270 buy point. But trading volume was the lightest in months, signaling institutional buyers weren't aggressively adding positions. Boeing shares climbed 0.2% to 177.98. The F-16 sale to Bahrain was included in the package, but under the condition that Bahrain improved its human rights record after the Sunni ruling party cracked down on Shiite dissidents during the Arab Spring. But the U.S. military warned that putting conditions on the sale affected security in Middle East as the threat from Iran grows. Earlier Wednesday, Gen. Joseph Votel, the commander of U.S. forces in the Middle East, told a House committee that delaying the F-16 sale would "strain the relationship" the U.S. has with Bahrain, home of the Navy's Fifth Fleet and a strategic ally in the Persian Gulf, according to the Washington Post. RELATED:  Lockheed Eyes T-50A Trainer For Low-Cost Plane Experiment, Foreign Sales Lockheed: Acquisition Officials, Policy Shift More Critical Than Trump On Sales What To Expect From The Air Force's Secret New Bomber   GILLIAN RICH | Facebook | @IBD_GRich Share this: Related news What To Expect From The Air Force's Secret New Bomber 3/30/2017 The Air Force said contract requirements for Northrop Grumman's B-21 won't be changing, but the stealth bomber is being designed... 3/30/2017 The Air Force said contract requirements for Northrop Grumman's B-21... Lockheed F-35s Doing 'Exceedingly Well' In South Korea As North Threatens Dow's Boeing, FANG's Facebook, Alphabet, Amazon Started At Buy Is This Top Dow Stock Offering New Buy Point? Contrarian Pin Oak Equity Rises To The Top Stocks Open Lower; Accenture Slips; FireEye Gets Upgrade Navy May Add Strike, Surveillance Back To Carrier-Based Drone The Bull Case For Tax Cuts If ObamaCare Repeal Fails Lockheed Eyes T-50A Trainer For Low-Cost Plane Experiment, Foreign Sales Today's Spotlight Get IBD Digital Get access to IBD’s premium investing content to help you make more profitable investing decisions. IBD Best Mutual Fund Awards Which mutual funds beat the S&P 500 over the last 1, 3, 5 & 10 years? Check out the awards list. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Sacramento (4/8) or Chicago (4/22) to learn about swing trading & growth stocks! More News It's Official: AT&T Wins Pact For FirstNet Public Safety Network Ford Hiring 400 BlackBerry Engineers In Connected Car Push: Report See what adding futures can do for your trading strategy. Promoted Content By CME Group Special Report (IBD/Shutterstock photo illustration) Best Fund Awards See which mutual funds have beaten the S&P 500 and other benchmarks over the last 1, 3, 5 and 10 years. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 31, 2:44 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology The Next International Space Station Will Orbit The Moon By Nina Godlewski @NinaGodlewski On 03/30/17 AT 5:23 PM Close The International Space Station is hitting the end of its career. It’s expected to last at least until the 2020s, but once it’s retired we’ll need a replacement. Luckily, NASA is already working on it. The ISS replacement will be a bit different than the original that was launched back in 1998. It’ll be sleeker, more compact and efficient and it will be in cislunar orbit, meaning it will orbit the moon instead of being in low orbit around the Earth. Read: 9 Stunning Photos From Space From NASA Images Library The reason for this change in orbit orientation is to make the new ISS a better launching off point for other missions into deep space, like Mars. NASA received plans from several companies, including Boeing and Lockheed Martin, that are working on the project with proposals for the station. Each proposal was very different, according to NASA, and the phase they’re in now involves refining the plans and coming up with prototypes. The stations have to be even more sophisticated than the current station since it will have to withstand conditions of deep space, and if everything goes according to plan, withstand more coming and going. So NASA is letting developers use some of their developed technologies in their planning, like the NASA air lock systems, but leaving some of the innovation up to the companies. The expectations are set higher for the newer station. While the current ISS recover 42 percent of oxygen from CO2, the new station should recover 98 percent, says NASA. The expected recovery for water should increase as well. Enhancements to health technology for crew members is also a priority for the new station. NASA and its partners have a while to come up with a new station and build it, but the plans are an exciting look into what the future of space living may hold. Related Stories Spacewalk Preps ISS For New Spaceships To Dock SpaceX Set To Launch From Kennedy Space Center Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business Facebook Bets Big On Messaging The core Facebook app is still front and center, but messaging is increasingly integral to Facebook's business. Technology Tinder Is Reportedly Changing the Way It Uses Customer Data In Norway Norway's consumer council had objected to how Tinder uses customer data. World This Poisonous Fish Bites Very Hard, But It Doesn’t Hurt The venomous fang blenny, a small fish that lives in coral reefs in the Pacific region, releases opioids in the bodies of its victims. National Trump Hints At Changing Libel Laws President Donald Trump, who had earlier raised the issue during his election campaign, hinted at a possible move Thursday as he attacked the New York Times for its negative coverage. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
CBS News Logo CBS News News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log in/out Search CBSN Toggle video A photo tour of Air Force One Facebook Twitter 1/27 Back Next Back Next Back Next Welcome aboard Trump's Air Force One In March 2017, the United States Air Force named Brig. Gen. Duke Richardson to oversee development of a new Air Force One. The costs of the Air Force One program have been under increased scrutiny since December 2016, when then-President-elect Trump tweeted: “Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!” While the ultimate fate of the next-generation plane is unclear, the current Air Force One will continue to serve U.S. presidents through 2024. Join us for a photo tour of this most important plane. Credit: Joe Raedle, Getty Images America's most famous plane This specially configured Boeing 747-200B -- known by call sign Air Force One when it carries the president -- is arguably the most important aircraft in the world. It has now served five U.S. presidents in times of both peace and crisis, acting as a mobile While House in the sky. Credit: US Air Force/Bobby Jones A controversial flyover The 232-foot long aircraft features four jet engines, each with 56,700 pounds of thrust. It has a max speed of 630 miles per hour (Mach 0.92) and can fly as high as 45,100 feet. Its range is 7,800 statute miles, though it can be refueled in-air in case of emergency. Here, the plane flies at a low altitude over the Statue of Liberty on April 27, 2009 for a controversial photo op. Credit: Department of Defense There are two identical planes The Air Mobility Command’s 89th Airlift Wing of the U.S. Air Force currently maintains two identical Boeing 747-200B planes at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland for presidential use: SAM 28000 and SAM 29000. One is always ready, even when the other is in maintenance. In this March 20, 2016 photo, Air Force One departs Joint Base Andrews for President Obama’s historic trip to Cuba. Credit: USAF/Senior Master Sgt. Kevin Wallace The presidential entrance There are two entrances to Air Force One. The president, his family and special guests use the front entrance here, near the nose of the plane. Journalists board the plane in the rear. Here, President Donald Trump waves upon arrival at Palm Beach International Airport on February 3, 2017. Credit: Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images President Trump's Oval Office in the sky The most important spaces aboard Air Force One are located near the president’s entrance in the front of the plane. That’s where you’ll find the president’s private office. The office was upgraded after the September 11, 2001 terror attacks with the telecommunications equipment necessary to address the nation from the skies. Credit: Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images A wider view of the President's Office The president’s office aboard Air Force One is surprisingly spacious to accommodate important meetings such as this one involving President Barack Obama, Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Advisor Susan Rice. Credit: Pete Souza/The White House The president's private suite The president’s private suite, located in the nose of the plane, has foldable couches and a private bathroom. The southwestern decor theme seen here was designed by Nancy Reagan. In this photo, George W. Bush and his Chief of Staff Andrew Card hold a discussion in the hours immediately following the September 11 terrorist attacks. Credit: Eric Draper/The White House Medical staff is always on board Adjacent to the president’s office, near the entrance to the plane, is the Air Force One medical compartment. Always staffed with a nurse, it has a supply of blood, drugs and a defibrillator. In this photo, nurse Cindy Wright gives President George W. Bush a massage shortly after the attacks of 9/11. Credit: The White House An unusually spacious plane With a total of 4,000 square feet of interior space, Air Force One offers the president a lot more room than he’d get on a commercial airliner. There are even couches and phones in the hallways, allowing for impromptu meetings. Credit: Pete Souza/The White House Inside the senior staff room Down the hallway toward the back of the plane is the senior staff room. There a president can hold meetings and discuss policy with staffers. In this photo dated Sept. 9, 2012, President Barack Obama and Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations Alyssa Mastromonaco listen to a conversation en route to Joint Base Andrews in Maryland. Credit: Pete Souza/The White House The Air Force One conference room Larger meetings are held here in the conference room, adjacent to the senior staff room. It often doubles as a dining room. In this April 5, 2009 photo, President Obama meets with aides while en route to Ankara, Turkey. Credit: Pete Souza/The White House The best meals in the sky The elaborate meals served aboard Air Force One are prepared inside a special kitchen at Joint Base Andrews. Each entree is vacuum sealed and frozen on the ground; the cooking process is completed on stoves, ovens and microwaves in the plane’s galley kitchen. The president can order just about any meal he’d like. The only catch: Because there’s no fryer on the plane, the fries served up by Air Force One tend to be a bit soggy. Credit: Pete Souza/The White House The Air Force One staff room Past the conference room is the Air Force One staff room. There are 85 phone lines and 19 televisions on each of the two identical planes, allowing the White House to stay in touch with events on the ground. Credit: Pete Souza/The White House Air Force One's VIP guest seats Members of Congress and other invitees of the president sit here, in Air Force One’s guest section. It’s the front-most seating section for security reasons: Secret Service allows passengers to move freely toward the rear while in flight, but guests are never allowed to walk forward past their own seat. Here, President Obama shares a laugh with Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) and wife Marcelle Leahy on March 30, 2012. Credit: Pete Souza/The White House Talking with the press Traveling press are seated in the very back. They don’t fly for free: News organizations must reimburse the government for the cost of travel. Occasionally, the president will walk back to the press section to talk and answer questions, as President Trump did while on the ground at Andrews Air Force Base on February 3, 2017. Credit: Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images President Trump and Melania talk with the press Here, President Trump speaks to the press with first lady Melania Trump during a February 10, 2017 flight on Air Force One bound for the president’s Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. Credit: Nicholas Kamm, AFP, Getty Images President Reagan's Air Force One enters retirement Retired Air Force One planes are a hot-ticket item. Following its retirement, SAM 27000, the plane used by Presidents Nixon through George W. Bush, was disassembled and shipped to the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California, as seen here on June 21, 2003. Credit: David McNew/Getty Images Air Force One's retirement home These days, you can explore the inside of SAM 27000 inside The Air Force One Pavilion at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library. The plane was famously used as a backdrop during the September 2015 Republican presidential debate held at the library. Credit: Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images President Reagan aboard Air Force One Here, President Reagan and first lady Nancy Reagan share a moment together in the Air Force One state room on a trip to the United Kingdom on June 4, 1984. Credit: The White House Kennedy's Air Force One The term “Air Force One” gained popularity with the introduction of SAM 26000, a Boeing 707 obtained for use by President John F. Kennedy. It was replaced by President Richard Nixon in 1972. Here, President Kennedy arrives in Alameda, California on March 23, 1962. Credit: U.S. National Archives A tragic moment on board This image -- arguably the most important Air Force One photo ever taken -- was taken at 2:38 p.m. on November 22, 1963 in Dallas, immediately after the assassination of President Kennedy. White House photographer Cecil W. Stoughton has said he found the act of photographing the newly widowed Jacqueline Kennedy “tasteless,” but he felt compelled to capture the swearing in of President Lyndon Johnson out of respect for U.S. history. Credit: Cecil W. Stoughton/The White House The first-ever Air Force One, 1953 President Dwight Eisenhower’s gleaming Lockheed Constellation, named Columbine II, was the first plane to officially carry the Air Force One call sign. It was in service from 1953-4, when it was replaced by the Columbine III. In this photo, Dwight and Mamie Eisenhower exit the Columbine II in 1953. Credit: U.S. Air Force Truman's presidential plane The official presidential plane hasn’t always been so large and luxurious. President Truman’s plane, The Independence, is a military version of the Douglas DC-6. The Independence was commissioned in July 1947. It was retired to the National Museum of the United States Air Force in Dayton, Ohio in 1965. Credit: Ken LaRock/USAF Inside Truman's plane Truman’s Independence aircraft was cramped, offering space for just 25 passengers and a crew of nine. Today, President Trump’s Air Force One can carry up to 76 passengers, with a crew of 26. Credit: Screenshot via USAF The first president to fly in office Franklin D. Roosevelt became the first American president to fly while in office on January 11, 1943, to attend the Casablanca Conference with British Prime Minister Winston Churchill. He made the risky wartime trip inside the Dixie Clipper, a Boeing 314, because German U-boats made travel by sea even more dangerous. Here, President Roosevelt celebrates his 61st birthday on the Dixie Clipper on January 30, 1943, while roughly 8,000 feet above Haiti. Credit: National Archives CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
News24 News. Breaking News. First LAST UPDATED: 2017-03-31, 08:57 Keeping safe in snake season! 4 viral videos you best not watch if you're squeamish It seems as if snake season is upon us, as seen in these goose bump-inducing viral videos. Cape Town Friday 15-19°C More sun than clouds. Cool. 3 day forecast Saturday 14-21°c High level clouds. Cool. Sunday 14-19°c High level clouds. Mild. Monday 16-21°c More sun than clouds. Mild. More weather from Weather24 > Brought to you by: News South Africa World Africa Entertainment Green Health Opinions Voices MyNews24 Columnists Business Budget 2017 Markets Personal Finance Economy Opinion Small Business FinWeek Sport News Rugby Cricket Soccer Golf Tennis Formula1 Other Sport SuperSport Live Streaming Video Highlights Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Motoring News New Models 4X4 Formula One MotorSport Bikes Your Wheels Travel News Explore Family Holidays SA Holiday Guide Weekend Escapes Travel Planning My Travels Lifestyle Health Women Motoring Food Travel Entertainment Parent Volunteers24 GameZone Dating Video News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Parenting Travel Health Focus Project Rise Zimbabwe Aids Focus Good News City Press Competitions isiZulu Jobs Property City Press   US astronaut breaks record 2017-03-30 22:29 This NASA TV video grab shows US astronaut Peggy Whitson outside the International Space Station. (NASA TV Handout / AFP) Multimedia   ·   User Galleries   ·   News in Pictures Send us your pictures  ·  Send us your stories What To Read Next {{item.title}} Related Links Spacewalk - Space Station getting new batteries Water in astronaut's helmet cuts short spacewalk Olympic torch takes first-ever spacewalk Miami - American astronaut Peggy Whitson made history when she floated outside the International Space Station on Thursday, breaking the record for the most spacewalks by a woman. Whitson, 57, is making her eighth career spacewalk, surpassing the record of seven previously held by American Suni Williams. The spacewalk formally began on Thursday morning when Whitson and her Nasa colleague Shane Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. "Be safe and enjoy your time out," said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened. "I will be waiting for you." The goal of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk is to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. Thursday's walkabout is the second in a series of three spacewalks to outfit the exterior of the orbiting outpost with parking spots for a new generation of space taxis ferrying astronauts to the station. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year. Whitson's space cred Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. She is a native of Iowa and is known for her quick wit, sense of humour and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. Earlier this month, she said in an interview on Nasa television that she has spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in microgravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and growing seedlings called Arabidopsis to study how plants grow in orbit. Now on her third long-duration spaceflight, Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. She arrived at the space station in November, after previously serving on two six month missions at the orbiting outpost in 2002 and 2008. On April 24, she will break another record - this time for the most cumulative days in space by an American - when she passes 534 in orbit, longer than current title holder Jeff Williams. Active on her Twitter account, @AstroPeggy, Whitson often writes about how research at the space station relates to every day life, and how she travels the world as part of her astronaut training. "I travelled to Russia eight times in the last 1.5 year training flow, two times to Japan and one time to Cologne," she wrote in a recent blog post. Next week, she and Pesquet, 39, will perform another spacewalk to continue the space station upgrades and maintenance needed for future spaceships. For part of the outing, Pesquet is scheduled to ride the robotic arm from part of the football field-sized lab to another. "We call that officially the yee-haw ride," she told NASA television last week. Whitson is married to fellow Nasa biochemist Clarence Sams. According to her Nasa bio, her hobbies include weightlifting, biking, basketball and water skiing. Read more on:    nasa  |  space Join the conversation! 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. We reserve editorial discretion to decide what will be published. Read our comments policy for guidelines on contributions. NEXT ON NEWS24X Torrential rain, floods hamper Australia cyclone relief 2017-03-30 21:04 Inside News24 What a cop car! Italian police will chase you down in a 450kW Lamborghini Huracan! The Ultimate Toy(ota) Check out this Tonka Hilux bakkie... Don't commit legacide 42 ideas that could devastate your business. 4 suprising reasons why you're not losing weight Watching what you eat and you’ve become more active, but you’re still not losing weight? Sexy new TV show! WATCH: There’s a hot new TV show. Hottest swimwear at SA Fashion Week This will make you pray for summer. Family Holidays South Africans do family holidays best. Do you agree? Salted caramel toffee chunk ice cream What dessert dreams are made of!   Welcome to News24 Get Published! UPLOAD Click here to upload your article Click here to upload your photo Click here to upload your video Most Read News In Your Area Top Lifestyle AS IT HAPPENED: Mantashe says there was disagreement on the cabinet reshuffle AS IT HAPPENED: SACP supports Gordhan, condemns Guptas LIVE: Zuma cabinet reshuffle - what now? Zuma said to face mass Cabinet walkout if Gordhan is fired Zuma’s night of the long knives More.. [change area] News in Cape Town Murder accused's family escorted to place of safety after chaos in Tafelsig Elsies River residents protest after family's shack demolished UCT activists hold sit-in over 'excluded' students Violent brawl as underworld 'coup' is carried out in Cape Town Former Oudtshoorn municipal manager to be sentenced over R2m fraud 75-year-old KitKat recipe changes in UK with SA soon to follow 6 of the weirdest pregnancy stock images to ever exist 18 of the best female TV characters of all time 4 suprising reasons why you're not losing weight South African spots to show your kids /News WATCH: How instability in government is greatly affecting SA's economy Book flights Compare, Book, Fly From: Departure Date: To: Return Date: Travellers Traffic Alerts Please Select a Region Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Western Cape Free State Mpumalanga Eastern Cape Limpopo Northern Cape North West Traffic Bellville 08:42 AM Road name: Durban Road Newlands 08:39 AM Road name: Rhodes Avenue Northbound Northbound More traffic reports Lotto results Wednesday March 29 2017-03-29 21:05 Click here for the full list of lottery results Jobs in Cape Town [change area] Jobs in Western Cape region Sales Consultants Cape Town CBD MasterStart Manager Information Services Planning, Cape Town Cape Town DAV Professional Placement Group R1 200 000 - R1 300 000 Per Year German Speaking Consultant Cape Town DAV R240 000 Per Year Browse more Cape Town jobs... Nelspruit Jobs Durban Jobs Gauteng Jobs Retail Jobs Accounting Jobs Manufacturing Jobs Register your CV... Get Job alerts in your e-mail... RECRUITERS – Advertise your jobs here Property [change area] HOUSES FOR SALE IN Somerset West, La Sandra Houses R 8 775 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Cape Town, Rondebosch Houses R 5 500 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Somerset West Houses R 4 260 500   services E-mail Alerts The latest headlines in your inbox RSS feeds News delivered really simply. Mobile News24 on your mobile or PDA E-mail Newsletters You choose what you want News24 on Android Get the latest from News24 on your Android device. SMS Alerts Get breaking news stories via SMS. TV Get us in your home, on your television.   News24Wire · Search · Advertise on News24 · Terms & Conditions · Press Releases · Jobs at 24.com · About us · Contact us   © 2017 24.com. All rights reserved. There are new stories on the homepage. Click here to see them.   News24 English Afrikaans isiZulu |   OLX  |  PROPERTY24  |  CAREERS24  |  SPREE  |     Hello  Create Profile Creating your profile will enable you to submit photos and stories to get published on News24. Please provide a username for your profile page: This username must be unique, cannot be edited and will be used in the URL to your profile page across the entire 24.com network. Hello  Choose a display name: * You must provide a display name. Edit your avatar: Select an image file on your computer (max 4MB): * The image you selected could not be uploaded. Tell us a bit about yourself: * Your profile could not be saved at the moment. Please try again later.   Saving your profile   Login / SignUp Login / SignUp Settings Location Settings News24 allows you to edit the display of certain components based on a location. If you wish to personalise the page based on your preferences, please select a location for each component and click "Submit" in order for the changes to take affect. Your Location Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Weather Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Always remember my setting Saving your settings Facebook Sign-In Hi News addict, Join the News24 Community to be involved in breaking the news. Log in with Facebook to comment and personalise news, weather and listings.  
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Cabin Interiors & Connectivity > Aircraft Interiors > Cabin Interiors-March 30, 2017 Cabin Interiors-March 30, 2017 Mar 30, 2017 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Gallery: ATW 2017 Airline Industry Achievement Awards Gallery: This Week in Pictures-March 27-31, 2017 Advertisement TAP Portugal, which is investing more than $73 million in Airbus A330 fleet upgrades, will retrofit seven aircraft by the end of the year. Upgrades offer full-flat seats in business class and more comfort in economy class. TAP’s first A330 to be retrofitted has been placed in service between the US and Lisbon. Automotive interior expert Adient announced it is collaborating with Boeing to explore innovative comfort, efficiency and functional improvements to commercial aircraft seats and interiors. Brazil’s GOL will use new cabin and seats technologies to configure its fleet of new Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft and reconfigure its fleet of 737-800s. The new configuration, which is scheduled to be completed by July 2018, will maintain GOL+Conforto spaces throughout the fleet, which have 34-in. pitch and 50% greater seatback recline, as well as GOL premium class on all international flights. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Aircraft & Cabin Interiors-March 16, 2016   Hamburg Aircraft Interiors Expo (AIX)-April 5, 2016   Lufthansa unveils first A350 XWB with new cabin interior   Aircraft Briefs-Feb. 8, 2017   Airbus launches ‘Airspace’ cabin concept 2   Blogs & Commentary Mar 22, 2017 blog Keep calm, but don't carry on! The British Airways statement on the new rules forbidding laptops and other personal electronic devices in carry-on on certain flights is so British....More Mar 21, 2017 blog Casting a cloud over a movie star & a little boy sharing carrot juice Have years of work by Emirates and other airlines to cultivate a safe, friendly image in the US been spoiled in one fell swoop?...More Mar 21, 2017 blog Trying to make sense of the new TSA electronics ban I flew to Abu Dhabi for a short work trip in January and, if I’m honest, I found the security and screening processes at that airport ahead of my flight back to Washington DC a bit annoying. However, given today’s announcement about new US security rules for flights from that airport and nine others, most of them also in the Middle East, the focus of my annoyance has changed....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Mar 30, 2017 Article Luxair holds off on regional jet decision Luxembourg flag carrier Luxair will delay making a decision on new regional aircraft until 2018, a senior official said March 30....More Mar 30, 2017 Article Island carrier Atlantic Airways seeks new revenue stream Faroese national carrier Atlantic Airways anticipates a move into the ACMI market as it attempts to offset the effect of new competition on its primary route....More Mar 30, 2017 Article Greek carrier anticipates major jump in passengers Greek regional airline Sky Express is gearing up for a major expansion in passenger traffic as it moves away from public service obligation (PSO) routes to a normal commercial business model....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool The Power Rangers Movie Doesn't Actually Want To Be A Power Rangers Movie Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror Female-Fronted Horror Anthology XX Finds The Dread In Domesticity  Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool The Power Rangers Movie Doesn't Actually Want To Be A Power Rangers Movie Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets North Korean Defector Describes The Shock Of Adjusting To A Society With Advanced Technology A Squishy Robotic Octopus Tentacle Might Not Actually Be Nightmare Fuel How I Let Disney Track My Every Move Every '90s Kid Will Want This Transforming Power Rangers Megazord LEGO Set Mobile 9 Things To Know About The Samsung Galaxy S8 And Bixby Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off ACCC Won't Let Australia's Banks Work Together To Boycott Apple Pay Samsung's Latest Ad Is Actually Hilarious Car Tech Uber Is Trying To Keep Its Court Battle With Google Out Of The Public Eye The World's Fastest Dodgem Car Is Your Childhood Dreams Come True Report: Former British PM David Cameron Encouraged London Mayor To Drop Uber Regulations Which Character Caused The Most Damage In The 'Fast And The Furious' Movies? Online This Is Almost Certainly FBI Director James Comey's Twitter Account The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You've Never Heard Of) Oculus Founder Palmer Luckey No Longer At Facebook [Updated] Twitter Just Ruined Twitter Science & Health Freaky Experiment Allows Tadpoles To See Out Of Eyes Implanted On Their Tails The Plan To Bring A Little Bit Of Venus Back To Earth Our Greatest Geological Discovery Is This Chocolate Boulder With Edible Candy Geodes Inside This Tyrannosaur Used A 'Sixth Sense' To Hunt Its Prey Cameras Carrying A Flying Camera Drone Results In Some Beautifully Stabilised Shots Rediscovered 1920s Home Movies Are The First To Show The White House In Colour This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid UK Testing Out Drone Army To Beef Up Its Already Robust Surveillance State  Computing How To Get The Windows 10 Creators Update Early A '90s Version Of Snapchat Would Have Been A Whole Lot Less Confusing 8 Apps That Actually Make The Most Of An Android Tablet Windows Creators Update Is Full Of Neat Tricks You'll Never Use Gaming Superman Isn't The Only Bad Guy In Injustice 2 It's The Guardians Vs. Thanos In The First Trailer For Telltale's Guardians Of The Galaxy Game 'Monument Valley' Developers Just Released An Interactive Meditation App Watch The Halo World Championships Live (Thanks To Twitter) Entertainment There's A Scene In Alien: Covenant That Shows Destruction On A Whole New Horrific Level The American Gods Title Sequence Is A Trippy Neon Nightmare New Footage From Justice League, Wonder Woman And Aquaman Hits All The Right Notes Everything You Need To Know About Streaming Games Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You've Never Heard Of) Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off In Defence Of The Bin Chicken Scientists Found A Link Between Electromagnetic Field Exposure And Motor Neurone Disease Astronaut Peggy Whitson Just Shattered A Spacewalking Record Rae Paoletta Mar 31, 2017, 6:00am ⋅ Filed to:  astronaut international space station iss nasa peggy whitson space spacewalk Share Astronaut Peggy Whitson is no stranger to breaking barriers: In addition to becoming the first woman commander of the International Space Station (ISS), the Iowa native has logged 377 days in space between two missions — the most of any American spacewoman to date. Now, on her third mission aboard the ISS, Whitson is racking up even more impressive feats — today, she performed her eighth spacewalk, setting the record for most spacewalks performed by a woman. Image: Peggy Whitson/NASA Johnson via Flickr The purpose of the spacewalk was to adjust a docking port, which will essentially be a parking spot for SpaceX and Boeing commercial crew capsules, the AP reports. At around 11:00PM AEDT, Whitson and ISS commander Shane Kimbrough began their preparations, while the rest of the crew just sort of chilled. "You guys be safe and enjoy your time out," French astronaut Thomas Pesquet said inside the ISS. Whitson during her seventh spacewalk in January. (Image: Peggy Whitson/NASA Johnson via Flickr) The previous female record holder for spacewalks, Sunita "Suni" L. Williams, logged 50 hours and 40 minutes in spacewalking time. Whitson's spacewalk today was scheduled to last about six and a half hours, not only pushing her past Williams' record for most time logged, but making her the third most experienced spacewalker of all time, only behind Anatoly Solovyev (68 hours) and former astronaut Mike Lopez-Alegria (67 hours). After today, Whitson will have accumulated 59 hours in spacewalking, but hey, that could grow — she won't be back on Earth until some time in spring. All of us Earthlings couldn't be prouder of Whitson. Here's to all the records she has yet to break. WATCH MORE: Science & Health News Comments backfromthedead @backfromthedead Mar 31, 2017, 9:06am I wonder why they call it space walking when they don't walk at all. I suppose space floating doesn't have the same ring to it. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The Galaxy S8 Is Samsung's Biggest (And Safest) Bet Yet Campbell Simpson 30 Mar 2017 2:00 AM The brand new Samsung Galaxy S8, just introduced to the world at Unpacked in New York, is Samsung's best phone ever. It's the most powerful, with an innovative screen and a design that's incredibly refined. It has Bixby, a voice agent that wants to be just as useful and integral to your phone as touch already is. It has a new motion-sensitive Gear VR headset and works with a new high-resolution Gear 360 camera. At the same time, there's no one standout feature or gimmick with the new phone from the world's largest phone maker that makes you go wow -- after travelling the rocky road paved by the Galaxy Note7, Samsung is concentrating on getting the basics right with the S8 and larger S8+. Amazon Is Coming To Australia In 2018 Chris Jager 29 Mar 2017 12:00 PM Amazon's Australian rollout plan has just been laid out by a former executive of the company - and we finally have a launch date. From next year, Australians will reportedly be able to use the online shopping service to purchase a huge variety of products, including groceries, clothing, electronics and even takeaway food. Here are all the services Australia will be getting. from fresh food delivery to Amazon Prime Now. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off Deals: Netflix And Chill Around The Globe With This Unblocker Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Trending Articles 1 The Galaxy S8 Is Samsung's Biggest (And Safest) Bet Yet 2 Amazon Is Coming To Australia In 2018 3 9 Things To Know About The Samsung Galaxy S8 And Bixby Superman Isn't The Only Bad Guy In Injustice 2 The Plan To Bring A Little Bit Of Venus Back To Earth It's The Guardians Vs. Thanos In The First Trailer For Telltale's Guardians Of The Galaxy Game 9 Things To Know About The Samsung Galaxy S8 And Bixby Podcast: Ron Gilbert, Zelda Secrets, Returning To Destiny Blizzard Shuts Down Mod Aiming To Make World Of Warcraft's Story Better Zelda Player Beats Guardian In Underpants On A Horse Street Fighter 5 Fans Are Proving Akuma Sucks By Obliterating Him In Two Combos YouTube Roundup: Watch The Best Online Videos Of The Week Would You Rather Get $1 Million Or $5000 A Month For Retirement? When Meditation Doesn't Work, Try Journaling To Stay Sane Six Questions We Have About Amazon Shopping In Australia The 10 most important things in the world right now Here's what economists are saying about APRA's latest measures to reduce housing market risks The Australian government has joined the YouTube advertiser boycott 10 things you need to know in markets today © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. Air Force secretary nominee backs stealth aspect of F-35s Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Thu Mar 30, 2017 | 9:43pm EDT U.S. Air Force secretary nominee backs stealth aspect of F-35s By Mike Stone President Donald Trump's Air Force secretary nominee, Heather Wilson, told U.S. senators on Thursday that other jets lacked the stealth capability of Lockheed Martin Corp's F-35 fighter jet, in remarks suggesting the Pentagon's most expensive weapons system would have an important advocate. Wilson, a former U.S. representative from New Mexico, would become the top civilian overseeing the Air Force if confirmed by the Senate. Her purview would include weapons acquisitions like the stealthy F-35 jet. Asked if she felt it would make sense to rely on a spruced-up version of the F-18, she said: "As a general matter, the real thing I don't think you can do with an F-18 or an F-15 or an F-16 is give it stealth capability retroactively." Her comments are significant because Trump has suggested buying more Boeing Co F/A-18s, which he called "comparable" to the F-35. This is despite the F-35's status as a stealth aircraft, meaning it is difficult for enemy radar to detect. The 1990s-vintage F/A-18 does not use stealth technology. The U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Wilson's nomination touched on expanding the size of the Air Force, acquisitions of new space and cyber warfare capabilities as well as aircraft like the F-35. In January, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of two major aircraft acquisition programs including the F-35. The ongoing review is examining how to cut costs and also determine whether Boeing's F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, with improvements, could be an effective, less expensive alternative to the F-35C variant. Wilson did not delve into new acquisition program specifics during the hearing but said "the Air Force is too small for what the nation expects of it." She is the first civilian head of a military branch to testify before the Senate this year. Nominees for the Army and Navy have removed their names from consideration. A graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy, Wilson has been president of the South Dakota School of Mines & Technology since 2013 and said during her testimony that her nomination was "unexpected." The Senate must hold a vote to confirm Wilson as the secretary of the Air Force. (Reporting by Mike Stone in Arlington, Va.; Editing by Matthew Lewis) Next In Politics Ex-Trump adviser Flynn talking to Congress about testifying in Russia probe: lawyer WASHINGTON Donald Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, has offered to testify before congressional committees probing potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia but wants protection against "unfair prosecution," his lawyer said on Thursday. Trump to order trade abuses study, improve import duty collection WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump will sign executive orders on Friday aimed at identifying abuses that are causing massive U.S. trade deficits and clamping down on non-payment of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on imports, his top trade officials said. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Elections Opinion Cities World Sports Photos Schedule Trends OffBeat People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts US Astronaut Peggy Whitson Breaks Sunita Williams' Record For Most Spacewalks By A Woman World | Agence France-Presse | Updated: March 31, 2017 09:33 IST 10 Shares EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS Peggy Whitson, 57, is making her eighth career spacewalk. (File Photo) Miami:  American astronaut Peggy Whitson made history when she floated outside the International Space Station on Thursday, breaking the record for the most spacewalks by a woman. Ms Whitson, 57, made her eighth career spacewalk, surpassing the record of seven previously held by American Suni Williams. The spacewalk formally began at 7:29 am (1129 GMT) when Ms Whitson and her NASA colleague Shane Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. "Be safe and enjoy your time out," said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened. "I will be waiting for you." The goal of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk is to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. Thursday's walkabout is the second in a series of three spacewalks to outfit the exterior of the orbiting outpost with parking spots for a new generation of space taxis ferrying astronauts to the station. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year.  Whitson's Space Cred Ms Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. She is a native of Iowa and is known for her quick wit, sense of humor and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. Earlier this month, she said in an interview on NASA television that she has spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in microgravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and growing seedlings called Arabidopsis to study how plants grow in orbit. Now on her third long-duration spaceflight, Ms Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. She arrived at the space station in November, after previously serving on two six month missions at the orbiting outpost in 2002 and 2008. On April 24, she will break another record -- this time for the most cumulative days in space by an American -- when she passes 534 in orbit, longer than current title holder Jeff Williams. Active on her Twitter account, Ms Whitson often writes about how research at the space station relates to every day life, and how she travels the world as part of her astronaut training. "I traveled to Russia eight times in the last 1.5 year training flow, two times to Japan and one time to Cologne," she wrote in a recent blog post. Next week, she and Pesquet, 39, will perform another spacewalk to continue the space station upgrades and maintenance needed for future spaceships. For part of the outing, Pesquet is scheduled to ride the robotic arm from part of the football field-sized lab to another. "We call that officially the yee-haw ride," she told NASA television last week. Ms Whitson is married to fellow NASA biochemist Clarence Sams. According to her NASA bio, her hobbies include weightlifting, biking, basketball and water skiing. (Except for the headline, this story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is published from a syndicated feed.) Trending Movies: Sunil Grover's Back On TV But Not On The Kapil Sharma Show. Details Here Gadgets: Jio Prime Signups and Happy New Year Offer End Friday: What Happens Next? Auto: BS III Vs BS IV Vehicles: Mechanical Differences Related NASA Astronauts Lose Key Piece Of ISS Shield, And Now It's Floating Free In Space 5 Astronauts Assigned To Future ISS Mission: NASA NASA Assigns 5 Astronauts to Upcoming International Space Station Missions Britain Asks Google, Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft To Check Extremists' Posts After Laptop Ban, Qatar Airways To Starts Laptop Loan Service Share this story on 10 Shares ALSO READ'People On Rooftops' As Australians Flee Rising Floodwaters American Astronaut Peggy WhitsonInternational Space Station (ISS)Suni WilliamsNASAOldest AstronautSunita Williams ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksLive Cricket ScoreMachineTrappedAnaarkali Of AarahPhillauriSamsung Galaxy S8 Launch EventGST BillSamsung Galaxy S8 ................................ Advertisement ................................ All Is Well, Says AAP After Lawmaker Tweets, Then Deletes She Groped Me: Panty Liner Triggers Invasive Pat-Down At US Airport NASA Astronauts Lose Key Piece Of ISS Shield. It's Floating Free In Space 'Restore My Work Or Won't Appear Next Time: Justice Karnan To Court RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead - WVVA TV Bluefield Beckley WV News, Weather and Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Hometown Business Connections Advertiser Services NEWS All Points Bulletin Capitol Beat Coal Industry News Get the WVVA News App Lifestyle WVVA News Today WEATHER Snow Patrol WVVA Weather - Interactive Radar Precision Doppler Weather Blogs WVVA weather - Skycam Network Get the Precision Weather App SPORTS Enter the Fast Lane Challenge College Hoops Pickem NASCAR AP College Basketball AP College Football VIDEO SLIDESHOWS THINGS TO DO Medical Minute Smile! It's Your Birthday WHAT'S ON Watch NBC The Two Virginias' CW MeTV Two Virginias' Dub Request Form Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Posted: Thursday, March 30, 2017 8:25 AM EDT Updated: Thursday, March 30, 2017 3:19 PM EDT (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool). FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 file photo, U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, member of the main crew of the expedition to the International Space Station, waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship a... NationalMore>> Oakland officials: Candle ignited fire that killed 4 Oakland officials: Candle ignited fire that killed 4 Updated: Friday, March 31 2017 2:46 AM EDT2017-03-31 06:46:23 GMT Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> Judge appears close to approving Trump University settlement Judge appears close to approving Trump University settlement Updated: Friday, March 31 2017 2:38 AM EDT2017-03-31 06:38:25 GMT U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel is once again reflecting on his second-oldest case _ a nearly seven-year-old lawsuit alleging that Donald Trump defrauded students of the now-defunct Trump University before he...More >> U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel is once again reflecting on his second-oldest case _ a nearly seven-year-old lawsuit alleging that Donald Trump defrauded students of the now-defunct Trump University before he was president.More >> Wildflowers, dormant for years, bloom across California Wildflowers, dormant for years, bloom across California Updated: Friday, March 31 2017 2:26 AM EDT2017-03-31 06:26:48 GMT Rain-fed wildflowers have been sprouting from California's desert sands after lying dormant for years _ producing a spectacular display that's been drawing record crowds and traffic jams to tiny desert towns like...More >> Rain-fed wildflowers have been sprouting from California's desert sands after lying dormant for years _ producing a spectacular display that's been drawing record crowds and traffic jams to tiny desert towns like Borrego Springs.More >> Oakland officials: Burning candle started deadly fire Oakland officials: Burning candle started deadly fire Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 10:41 PM EDT2017-03-31 02:41:39 GMT Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> Oakland officials say a burning candle started a building fire that killed four people.More >> SpaceX launches its first recycled rocket in historic leap SpaceX launches its first recycled rocket in historic leap Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 10:06 PM EDT2017-03-31 02:06:11 GMT SpaceX is set to launch its first recycled rocket with a satellite on top.More >> SpaceX is set to launch its first recycled rocket with a satellite on top.More >> Oklahoma Bar Association opens investigation of ex-AG Pruitt Oklahoma Bar Association opens investigation of ex-AG Pruitt Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 9:29 PM EDT2017-03-31 01:29:47 GMT The Oklahoma Bar Association is investigating an ethics complaint against former state Attorney General Scott Pruitt, now administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.More >> The Oklahoma Bar Association is investigating an ethics complaint against former state Attorney General Scott Pruitt, now administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.More >> Officials: Callers saw a pickup swerving before Texas crash Officials: Callers saw a pickup swerving before Texas crash Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 9:26 PM EDT2017-03-31 01:26:13 GMT Federal investigators are getting their first look at the scene of a head-on collision between a small church bus and a pickup truck that killed 13 senior adult church members aboard the bus.More >> Federal investigators are getting their first look at the scene of a head-on collision between a small church bus and a pickup truck that killed 13 senior adult church members aboard the bus.More >> Missing Pennsylvania judge, 91, found alive in wooded area Missing Pennsylvania judge, 91, found alive in wooded area Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 9:06 PM EDT2017-03-31 01:06:09 GMT The U.S. Marshals Service is looking for a 91-year-old federal judge who has been reported missing from his Pennsylvania home.More >> The U.S. Marshals Service is looking for a 91-year-old federal judge who has been reported missing from his Pennsylvania home.More >> The Latest: Missing judge, 91, found alive in wooded area The Latest: Missing judge, 91, found alive in wooded area Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 8:50 PM EDT2017-03-31 00:50:05 GMT A 91-year-old federal judge with memory problems who was reported missing from his home in northeastern Pennsylvania has been found alive.More >> A 91-year-old federal judge with memory problems who was reported missing from his home in northeastern Pennsylvania has been found alive.More >> Christie office rejects judge's comments on venomous culture Christie office rejects judge's comments on venomous culture Updated: Thursday, March 30 2017 8:06 PM EDT2017-03-31 00:06:55 GMT The sentencing Wednesday of two former aides to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie for creating traffic jams at the busiest bridge in the U.S. for political revenge may not stop the scandal from hanging over the...More >> The sentencing Wednesday of two former aides to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie for creating traffic jams at the busiest bridge in the U.S. for political revenge may not stop the scandal from hanging over the Republican's final year in office.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Owl stuck between truck cab and trailer on the mend An owl is lucky to be alive after flying into a truck and getting stuck between the cab and the cargo hold An owl is lucky to be alive after flying into a truck and getting stuck between the cab and the cargo hold More >> An owl is lucky to be alive after flying into a truck and getting stuck between the cab and the cargo holdMore >> Come look at intel material, White House tells House panel Come look at intel material, White House tells House panel The White House has invited the heads of congressional intelligence committees investigating Russia's role in the 2016 election to view materials found by the National Security Council More >> The White House has invited the heads of congressional intelligence committees investigating Russia's role in the 2016 election to view materials found by the National Security CouncilMore >> White House invites lawmakers to see intelligence material White House invites lawmakers to see intelligence material The White House says it has invited the heads of the Senate and House intelligence committees investigating Russia's role in the 2016 election to view materials found by the National Security Council More >> The White House says it has invited the heads of the Senate and House intelligence committees investigating Russia's role in the 2016 election to view materials found by the National Security CouncilMore >> Comey discusses the effects of partisanship on investigations Comey discusses the effects of partisanship on investigations FBI Director James Comey provides insights on the role of politics in investigations. More >> FBI Director James Comey provides insights on the role of politics in investigations.More >> Pedestrian deaths spiked in 2016, distraction cited Pedestrian deaths spiked in 2016, distraction cited An analysis of preliminary state data shows pedestrian deaths are climbing faster than motorist fatalities, reaching nearly 6,000 deaths last year _ the highest total in more than two decades More >> An analysis of preliminary state data shows pedestrian deaths are climbing faster than motorist fatalities, reaching nearly 6,000 deaths last year _ the highest total in more than two decadesMore >> US judge questions government on narrowing travel ban block US judge questions government on narrowing travel ban block A federal judge in Hawaii has questioned government attorneys who urged him to narrow his order blocking President Donald Trump's travel ban because suspending the nation's refugee program has no effect on the state More >> A federal judge in Hawaii has questioned government attorneys who urged him to narrow his order blocking President Donald Trump's travel ban because suspending the nation's refugee program has no effect on the stateMore >> 2 former Christie aides go to prison for bridge revenge plot 2 former Christie aides go to prison for bridge revenge plot Two former aides to Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie have been sentenced to prison for creating a colossal traffic jam at the George Washington Bridge for political revenge More >> Two former aides to Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie have been sentenced to prison for creating a colossal traffic jam at the George Washington Bridge for political revengeMore >> Senate intel leaders pledge Russia probe cooperation Senate intel leaders pledge Russia probe cooperation The top Republican and Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee say they will steer clear of politics in probing Russian interference in last year's presidential election _ in sharp contrast to a similar investigation in the House More >> The top Republican and Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee say they will steer clear of politics in probing Russian interference in last year's presidential election _ in sharp contrast to a similar investigation in the HouseMore >> Rep. Maxine Waters' no-holds-barred remarks find fans Rep. Maxine Waters' no-holds-barred remarks find fans Rep. Maxine Waters of California is finding new fans with her no-holds-barred remarks against President Donald Trump and his administration More >> Rep. Maxine Waters of California is finding new fans with her no-holds-barred remarks against President Donald Trump and his administrationMore >> Woman strikes Capitol Police cruiser, taken into custody Woman strikes Capitol Police cruiser, taken into custody Police say a woman described as "erratic and aggressive" drove a car into a U.S. Capitol Police cruiser near the U.S. Capitol More >> Police say a woman described as "erratic and aggressive" drove a car into a U.S. Capitol Police cruiser near the U.S. CapitolMore >>    By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman - eight - and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking - just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. As Whitson and Kimbrough installed the three remaining shields, Mission Control quickly came up with a TV MacGyver-like plan for a patch. The astronauts filled the gap using the cover that they had just removed from the relocated docking port. The cover is made of the same material as the shielding, according to Mission Control, and just as capable of protecting against potential strikes by bits of space debris and providing thermal control. The entire space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. It was not immediately clear how the shield got away, said NASA spokesman Dan Huot. It's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Frustration was evident in Whitson's voice as she told Mission Control about the mishap. She was delighted, though, by how well everything turned out. "You guys came up with a fantastic plan - on short notice. That's amazing," Whitson radioed. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. But the getaway items are usually small, like bolts. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, when unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station's commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? WVVA 3052 Big Laurel Hwy, Bluefield, WV 24701 Switchboard: 800-227-9882 News tips: news@wvva.com or 304-327-7071 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WVVA. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Airports & Routes > JetBlue opens Boston-Atlanta route JetBlue opens Boston-Atlanta route Mar 30, 2017 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 JetBlue A321 Rob Finlayson Related Media Gallery: ATW 2017 Airline Industry Achievement Awards Gallery: This Week in Pictures-March 27-31, 2017 Advertisement JetBlue Airways launched service between Boston and Atlanta March 30, directly taking on Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines on the US east coast pairing. New York-based JetBlue is offering 5X-daily nonstop service on the route, utilizing Airbus A320 family aircraft. Delta offers 11X-daily nonstop service on the route, with a combination of A320s, A321s, and Boeing 757s and 737-900ERs. “It’s a new day for Atlanta travelers, who for too long have faced high fares and limited choices,” JetBlue VP-sales and revenue management Dave Clark said. When the new route was first announced by JetBlue in September 2016, EVP-commercial and planning Marty St. George described Boston as having been “underserved by high-fare legacy carriers [for decades].” A price comparison researched by ATW on a comparative scheduling for the first week in May (i.e., an economy/main cabin Monday 6 a.m. flight from Boston, with an economy/main cabin Friday 7 p.m. return flight from Atlanta) showed JetBlue with a $92 price advantage on a round-trip ticket. When compared with Delta’s basic economy offering, JetBlue still undercut Delta’s price by $12. Delta’s flights on the Boston-Atlanta route offer four seating/pricing options: basic economy, main cabin, comfort-plus and first class. JetBlue’s flights on the Boston-Atlanta route offer three pricing options: Blue, Blue plus and Blue Flex, which correspond to the number of pieces of checked baggage, and seven rows of “even more” space seats, available for an additional fee. JetBlue is not offering its premium Mint service on the Boston-Atlanta route. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles JetBlue to launch Boston-Atlanta route   JetBlue eyes potential European routes   Virgin America adds two East Coast routes; JetBlue responds   JetBlue, Alaska, Atlas push back against US majors on Gulf issue Emirates dedicates magazine to US allegations; Qatar to expand US network   Blogs & Commentary Mar 22, 2017 blog Keep calm, but don't carry on! The British Airways statement on the new rules forbidding laptops and other personal electronic devices in carry-on on certain flights is so British....More Mar 21, 2017 blog Casting a cloud over a movie star & a little boy sharing carrot juice Have years of work by Emirates and other airlines to cultivate a safe, friendly image in the US been spoiled in one fell swoop?...More Mar 21, 2017 blog Trying to make sense of the new TSA electronics ban I flew to Abu Dhabi for a short work trip in January and, if I’m honest, I found the security and screening processes at that airport ahead of my flight back to Washington DC a bit annoying. However, given today’s announcement about new US security rules for flights from that airport and nine others, most of them also in the Middle East, the focus of my annoyance has changed....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Mar 30, 2017 Article Luxair holds off on regional jet decision Luxembourg flag carrier Luxair will delay making a decision on new regional aircraft until 2018, a senior official said March 30....More Mar 30, 2017 Article Island carrier Atlantic Airways seeks new revenue stream Faroese national carrier Atlantic Airways anticipates a move into the ACMI market as it attempts to offset the effect of new competition on its primary route....More Mar 30, 2017 Article Greek carrier anticipates major jump in passengers Greek regional airline Sky Express is gearing up for a major expansion in passenger traffic as it moves away from public service obligation (PSO) routes to a normal commercial business model....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyJobFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classified Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close 1 of 3 HOGP This still image taken from NASA shows NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson during a space walk at the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. Whitson, the world's oldest and most experienced spacewoman has just set another record, her eighth spacewalk. Whitson and her spacewalking partner, Shane Kimbrough need to complete prep work on a docking port. (NASA via AP) HOGP In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson, above, and Shane Kimbrough work on the outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk. (NASA via AP) Dmitri Lovetsky FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 file photo, U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, member of the main crew of the expedition to the International Space Station, waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship at the Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. On Thursday, March 30, 2017, Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman, eight, as she works on preparations for a new docking port on the ISS. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool) AP Spacewalking astronauts lose piece of shielding, floats away By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer Mar 30, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago 0 HOGP This still image taken from NASA shows NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson during a space walk at the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. Whitson, the world's oldest and most experienced spacewoman has just set another record, her eighth spacewalk. Whitson and her spacewalking partner, Shane Kimbrough need to complete prep work on a docking port. (NASA via AP) HOGP In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson, above, and Shane Kimbrough work on the outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk. (NASA via AP) Dmitri Lovetsky FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 file photo, U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, member of the main crew of the expedition to the International Space Station, waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship at the Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. On Thursday, March 30, 2017, Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman, eight, as she works on preparations for a new docking port on the ISS. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool) CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Spacewalking astronauts lost an important piece of cloth shielding needed for the International Space Station on Thursday when it floated away. Astronaut Peggy Whitson immediately reported the mishap to Mission Control, which tracked the bundle as it drifted off. NASA said it would be monitored to make sure it doesn't come back and hit the station. The shielding protects against micrometeorite debris. It was one of four pieces that Whitson and Shane Kimbrough were installing over the spot left by a relocated docking port. NASA spokesman Dan Huot said the three remaining shields were installed to cover the most vulnerable spots. It was a disappointing turn of events in a record-setting spacewalk for Whitson, the world's oldest and most experienced spacewoman. It was the eighth spacewalk of her career, the most ever performed by a woman. There was frustration in her voice as she informed Mission Control. Huot said it was not immediately clear who let the shield go or how it got away; it's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Spacewalkers have lost objects before but usually the items are small, like bolts. In 2008, an astronaut lost her entire tool kit during a spacewalk. Each fabric shield weighs 18 pounds. When unfolded, it is about 2 inches thick and measures about 5 feet by 2 feet, according to NASA. The entire 250-mile-high space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. The docking port was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station's commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. It will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. The spacewalkers hooked up vital heater cables to the docking port and removed a cover from the top. Then they turned to the shields, and that's when one of the folded coverings got away. Mission Control instructed the astronauts to retrieve the cloth cover just removed from the docking port, and try to fashion it over the gaping hole left by the lost shield. Midway through Thursday's spacewalk, Whitson was set to surpass the current record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former space station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. A Russian holds the all-time spacewalking record: Anatoly Solovyev with 16. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch next month and return in September. A decision is expected soon. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Science Space Exploration Record Setting Events General News Space Industry Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Business Locations Florida United States North America Russia Eastern Europe Europe × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates UNA to stage 'Inspector General' Shooting victim improving Police trying to identity thief TVA siren testing cancelled SEDA board recommends program funding Suspect indicted, applies for youthful offender Muscle Shoals man indicted on rape charges Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Should the timing of spring break be uniform for all schools? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead World by Marcia Dunn, The Associated Press Posted Mar 30, 2017 9:50 am MDT Last Updated Mar 30, 2017 at 1:40 pm MDT In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Shane Kimbrough, left, and Peggy Whitson, install a shield on a relocated docking port outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk at another part of the station earlier in the day. (NASA via AP) CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. – Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman — eight — and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking — just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. As Whitson and Kimbrough installed the three remaining shields, Mission Control quickly came up with a TV MacGyver-like plan for a patch. The astronauts filled the gap using the cover that they had just removed from the relocated docking port. The cover is made of the same material as the shielding, according to Mission Control, and just as capable of protecting against potential strikes by bits of space debris and providing thermal control. The entire space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. It was not immediately clear how the shield got away, said NASA spokesman Dan Huot. It’s supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Frustration was evident in Whitson’s voice as she told Mission Control about the mishap. She was delighted, though, by how well everything turned out. “You guys came up with a fantastic plan — on short notice. That’s amazing,” Whitson radioed. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. But the getaway items are usually small, like bolts. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, when unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station’s commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she’s spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She’s scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that’s due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance’s Atlas V to haul up the goods. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Movie Trailers March 31, 2017 to April 6, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: Beauty and the Beast (PG) 3D 10:00pm 12:00pm / 3:00pm / 3:45pm / 6:15pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm Kong: Skull Island (PG) 10:30pm Goon: Last of the Enforcers (14A) 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 9:45pm Get Out (14A) 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 10:15pm Logan (18A) 3:15pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm 660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Sweep away your carts and cars: Street cleaning begins Monday Mar 30, 2017, 6:49 PM Former ‘Top Model’ contestant among Houston shooting victims Mar 30, 2017, 5:53 PM 2nd turkey in 2 days flies into windshield in Indiana Mar 30, 2017, 5:36 PM Florida man gets year in jail for burning girlfriend’s bunny Mar 30, 2017, 5:36 PM PUBLISHERS WEEKLY Bestsellers Mar 30, 2017, 5:08 PM Alberta RCMP officer charged with sexual assault, breach of trust Mar 30, 2017, 5:06 PM Alberta RCMP officer charged with 2 counts of sexual assault, breach of trust Mar 30, 2017, 3:02 PM The Thursday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Mar 30, 2017, 2:42 PM Nova Scotia premier says miniseries about Canada must be corrected Mar 30, 2017, 1:52 PM Did Brad Wall break trade deals by inviting a Calgary company to Saskatchewan? Mar 30, 2017, 1:28 PM Iceberg has near-miss with massive floating oil platform off Newfoundland Mar 30, 2017, 1:25 PM New Brunswick lowers small business income tax rate to three per cent Mar 27, 2017, 7:17 AM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT VW to pay over $157M to settle emissions claims by 10 states Mar 30, 2017, 2:47 PM Most actively traded companies on the TSX Mar 30, 2017, 2:30 PM The endless search for 'the best': shoppers stress over making the 'right' buy Mar 30, 2017, 12:26 PM Trade tiff: Alberta premier checking if Saskatchewan's Wall breaking rules Mar 30, 2017, 12:14 PM Republican foes of health care bill win praise in districts Mar 30, 2017, 12:01 PM P.K. Subban on Maple Leafs: ‘It’s exciting to watch’ Mar 30, 2017, 3:12 PM Cromartie: Patience required for Montreal baseball bid Mar 30, 2017, 5:32 PM Mock NHL Expansion Draft: Who will the Golden Knights pick? Mar 30, 2017, 1:00 PM Frederik Andersen to start for Maple Leafs on Thursday vs. Predators Mar 30, 2017, 1:56 PM Alex Burrows, Erik Karlsson out for Senators vs. Wild Mar 30, 2017, 2:05 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Amazon celebrates theatres, previews Haynes' 'Wonderstruck' Mar 30, 2017, 2:56 PM Ex-Power Ranger sentenced to 6 years in fatal stabbing Mar 30, 2017, 2:49 PM Roger Daltrey: 'Dead dog' would have beaten Hillary Clinton Mar 30, 2017, 12:25 PM Sasheer Zamata finds her voice away from 'SNL' in new show Mar 30, 2017, 12:25 PM Poet files copyright lawsuit against Insane Clown Posse Mar 30, 2017, 12:25 PM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Thursday, March 30, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Raiders/NFL Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball NCAA Basketball MMA/UFC NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Golf Shriners Open Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Jobs at the RJ Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » News » Science and Technology What the Windows 10 update...     Posted March 30, 2017 - 6:23amUpdated March 30, 2017 - 9:30am Piece of shielding floats away from ISS Piece of shielding floats away from ISS In this image made from video, U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson, above, and Shane Kimbrough work on the outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk. (NASA via AP) Piece of shielding floats away from ISS On Thursday, March 30, 2017, Peggy Whitson, shown Nov. 17, 2016, set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman, eight, as she worked on preparations for a new docking port on the International Space Station. (Dmitri Lovetsky/AP) By Marcia Dunn The Associated Press CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Spacewalking astronauts lost an important piece of cloth shielding needed for the International Space Station on Thursday when it floated away. Astronaut Peggy Whitson immediately reported the mishap to Mission Control, which tracked the bundle as it drifted off. NASA said it would be monitored to make sure it doesn’t come back and hit the station. The shielding protects against micrometeorite debris. It was one of four pieces that Whitson and Shane Kimbrough were installing over the spot left by a relocated docking port. NASA spokesman Dan Huot said the three remaining shields were installed to cover the most vulnerable spots. It was a disappointing turn of events in a record-setting spacewalk for Whitson, the world’s oldest and most experienced spacewoman. It was the eighth spacewalk of her career, the most ever performed by a woman. There was frustration in her voice as she informed Mission Control. Huot said it was not immediately clear who let the shield go or how it got away; it’s supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Spacewalkers have lost objects before but usually the items are small, like bolts. In 2008, an astronaut lost her entire tool kit during a spacewalk. Each fabric shield weighs 18 pounds. When unfolded, it is about 2 inches thick and measures about 5 feet by 2 feet, according to NASA. The entire 250-mile-high space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. The docking port was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station’s commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. It will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. The spacewalkers hooked up vital heater cables to the docking port and removed a cover from the top. Then they turned to the shields, and that’s when one of the folded coverings got away. Mission Control instructed the astronauts to retrieve the cloth cover just removed from the docking port, and try to fashion it over the gaping hole left by the lost shield. Midway through Thursday’s spacewalk, Whitson was set to surpass the current record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former space station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. A Russian holds the all-time spacewalking record: Anatoly Solovyev with 16. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she’s spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She’s scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that’s due to launch next month and return in September. A decision is expected soon. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance’s Atlas V to haul up the goods. What the Windows 10 update...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular Smith’s to start work on 2 massive supermarkets in Las Vegas Valley National Park Service investigating theft of fossil footprints from Death Valley Sisolak: Raiders appear committed to Russell Road site for new stadium Bellagio robbery suspect told Las Vegas police his family was threatened HOA defrauded of millions accuses law firm of facilitating scheme Columnists Features Steve Sebelius Ironies abound in Nevada Assembly in debate over the death penalty   KATS! Carolyn Goodman: Let’s just move the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign   Victor Joecks Ford’s flip-flop kills ‘sanctuary state’ bill   Victor Joecks 3 things to watch for on Legislative Session Day 53   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR THU 30 FRI 31 SAT 1 SUN 2 MON 3 TUE 4 WED 5 A All Week   Loading... Search       Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Editorial Columns Letters Books Blogs B-1 visas are the problem, not H-1Bs Rajkamal Rao comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet REUTERS This must stop We must get to the root of the problem The B-1 visa allows temporary US entry for limited business purposes. This system is widely misused In the frenzy worldwide about skilled immigration, the US is leading the way by clamping down on H-1B visas. To be sure, changes to the skilled visa programme have been coming for some time. In 2013, the US Senate voted 68-22 for a comprehensive immigration bill which included changes to the H-1B programme and was fully supported by President Obama, but this died in the US House. With full support from the new Trump administration, and with both Congressional chambers under Republican control, dramatic changes in the H-1B programme, some needed to prevent abuse and others a bit draconian, are expected to become law.What caused this The triggers for this frenzy have been many: Just a few companies, mostly India-based, gobble up the lion’s share of the annual 65,000 tech visas each year. Many H-1B holders are not the “best and brightest” but perform mundane technology tasks, often displacing Americans already doing these jobs. Corporate America relies on H-1Bs as a source of cheap labour which is why tech salaries, in places other than Silicon Valley, have stayed flat for nearly two decades. But it is wrong to blame the H-1B visas alone for upsetting the supply curve of the US IT workforce. According to CompTIA, the US’ Nasscom equivalent industry group, there were 6.5 million tech jobs in the US in 2013, so the 65,000 H-1B visas granted that year represented just 1 per cent of the total. The real culprit could well be abuse of the B-1/B-2 Business/Visitor visa. The B-1 allows temporary US entry for limited business purposes and short durations, such as for marketing a product or attending a meeting. For example, the US issues B-1 visas to pilots of foreign carriers to train at Boeing’s US facilities. The underlying rule for B-1 visa holders is well known: they are forbidden to perform skilled or unskilled labour while in the US. In return for this restriction, the US is generous with its B-1 visa issuance policy. There are no numerical limits. Supporting documentation is rather basic — an invitation to attend a meeting, confirmed hotel bookings and proof that visitors are not likely to become stay back, such as multiple entry US Visas issued in 10-year blocks. Naturally, the B-1 visa is a ripe candidate for fraud. Labour pain The B-1 economics makes sense to all in the scam. A US client wants the services of a web developer for three months. US contract web developers can cost upwards of $100 an hour — about $16,000 a month. The client is glad to accept a competing bid from an Indian company, supplying B-1 labour, for only $10,000 a month. The Indian company gets the web developer a B-1 visa by paying $190 in fees to the US consulate. (In contrast, H-1B visas cost from $3,685 to $7685 plus attorney costs.) He is paid full salary in India during the three-month trip, say, $1,000 a month. The round trip airfare is $1,200. On arrival, the developer checks into the many short-term-stay-based hotel chains located within walking distance of the client’s location. Even if the room costs $125 a night (often discounted because of block booking), the monthly expense is only $1,875 because the room is shared with another developer mate. These hotels offer free continental breakfast and hors d’oeuvres for the evening meal. The developer is encouraged to stock up on free milk, fruits and juice from the breakfast bar and save them in his in-room refrigerator. The hotel offers free Wi-Fi, so the developer does not even need a cellphone plan. He is additionally given a generous $1,200 per diem allowance for the entire month — a windfall for someone with practically no expenses. Doing the math on a monthly basis shows that the total expenses for the Indian company, with travel prorated, is $4,375. The company pockets a cool $5,625 per employee while the US client saves $6,000 in US contracting costs. The employee is happy to be in the US with his Indian salary (and part of his per diem) practically all saved. If ever there’s a win-win-win situation, this is one.The visa factor To be sure, there are several losers in this scam. The US government does not get a dime in income or social security taxes. It loses out on the $8,000 in H-1B visa fees which are largely used for employee re-training programmes. The US developer charging $100 an hour is probably unemployed and seeks government assistance, a double whammy for the US government. And for Indians legally working here, it can be dangerous. The extreme example of this was when an innocent Indian engineer, Srinivas Kuchibhotla, was murdered in Kansas City. The first question he was supposedly asked by the killer was, “What visa are you on?”. It is not that the US government is not aware of this fraud. Procedures are already in place to prevent it, such as the E-verify system, which is a free Internet-based system that businesses are mandated to use to determine eligibility of employees to work in the US. But enforcement is poor and as long as the winners in the scam collude, the fraud will likely go on unabated unless there are whistleblowers. It was such a whistleblower which caused an Indian IT major to settle B-1 visa abuse charges by paying a $34 million fine. The B-1 toothpaste is already out of the tube. It is hard to put it back and unfortunately, the collateral victim is the H-1B programme. The writer is the managing director of Rao Advisors LLC, Texas (This article was published on March 30, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS US court dismisses case against H-1B lottery system IT firms turn to local talent in US TOPICS management | human resources | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Columns Slate Statistalk From The Viewsroom The Cheat Sheet MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Explaining the sharp rise in the rupee B-1 visas are the problem, not H-1Bs Final run-up to GST Truth in the time of social media Creating globally competitive SMEs Clearing the air Missing the wood for the trees How politics shapes roads in India Columnists Ashima Goyal Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS Jaitley introduces Taxation Laws (amendment) Bill Nifty call: Go long on a reversal from 9,175 Trump to order trade abuses study, improve import duty collection 18 min. ago Glenmark gets USFDA nod for Milnacipran Hydrochloride tablets 23 min. ago Govt lowers interest rate on small savings schemes by 0.1% 38 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Opinion Truth in the time of social media We’re in a war against fact-free news. Information that appeals to our emotions only ends up polarising us » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 31st, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Spacewalking astronauts lose piece of shielding, floats away Poll Are you in favour of the province’s plan to pave Highway 774 to Castle Mountain ski hill? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Marcia Dunn, The Associated Press on March 30, 2017. FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 file photo, U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, member of the main crew of the expedition to the International Space Station, waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship at the Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. On Thursday, March 30, 2017, Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman, eight, as she works on preparations for a new docking port on the ISS. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool) CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. – Spacewalking astronauts lost an important piece of cloth shielding needed for the International Space Station on Thursday when it floated away. Astronaut Peggy Whitson immediately reported the mishap to Mission Control, which tracked the bundle as it drifted off. NASA said it would be monitored to make sure it doesn’t come back and hit the station. The shielding protects against micrometeorite debris. It was one of four pieces that Whitson and Shane Kimbrough were installing over the spot left by a relocated docking port. NASA spokesman Dan Huot said the three remaining shields were installed to cover the most vulnerable spots. It was a disappointing turn of events in a record-setting spacewalk for Whitson, the world’s oldest and most experienced spacewoman. It was the eighth spacewalk of her career, the most ever performed by a woman. There was frustration in her voice as she informed Mission Control. Huot said it was not immediately clear who let the shield go or how it got away; it’s supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Spacewalkers have lost objects before but usually the items are small, like bolts. In 2008, an astronaut lost her entire tool kit during a spacewalk. Each fabric shield weighs 18 pounds. When unfolded, it is about 2 inches thick and measures about 5 feet by 2 feet, according to NASA. The entire 250-mile-high space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. The docking port was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station’s commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. It will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. The spacewalkers hooked up vital heater cables to the docking port and removed a cover from the top. Then they turned to the shields, and that’s when one of the folded coverings got away. Mission Control instructed the astronauts to retrieve the cloth cover just removed from the docking port, and try to fashion it over the gaping hole left by the lost shield. Midway through Thursday’s spacewalk, Whitson was set to surpass the current record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former space station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. A Russian holds the all-time spacewalking record: Anatoly Solovyev with 16. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she’s spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She’s scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that’s due to launch next month and return in September. A decision is expected soon. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance’s Atlas V to haul up the goods. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Science March 30, 2017 12:04 pm Updated: March 30, 2017 2:36 pm Astronauts lose important piece of space station shielding during spacewalk By Marcia Dunn The Associated Press WATCH: Debris shield floats away from International Space Station What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. – Spacewalking astronauts lost an important piece of cloth shielding needed for the International Space Station on Thursday when it floated away. Astronaut Peggy Whitson immediately reported the mishap to Mission Control, which tracked the bundle as it drifted off. NASA said it would be monitored to make sure it doesn’t come back and hit the station. Story continues below The shielding protects against micrometeorite debris. It was one of four pieces that Whitson and Shane Kimbrough were installing over the spot left by a relocated docking port. NASA spokesman Dan Huot said the three remaining shields were installed to cover the most vulnerable spots. It was a disappointing turn of events in a record-setting spacewalk for Whitson, the world’s oldest and most experienced spacewoman. It was the eighth spacewalk of her career, the most ever performed by a woman. There was frustration in her voice as she informed Mission Control. READ MORE: Pool of potential Canadian astronauts shrinks again, to 32 Huot said it was not immediately clear who let the shield go or how it got away; it’s supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Spacewalkers have lost objects before but usually the items are small, like bolts. In 2008, an astronaut lost her entire tool kit during a spacewalk. Each fabric shield weighs 18 pounds. When unfolded, it is about 2 inches thick and measures about 5 feet by 2 feet, according to NASA. The entire 250-mile-high space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. The docking port was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station’s commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. It will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. The spacewalkers hooked up vital heater cables to the docking port and removed a cover from the top. Then they turned to the shields, and that’s when one of the folded coverings got away. Mission Control instructed the astronauts to retrieve the cloth cover just removed from the docking port, and try to fashion it over the gaping hole left by the lost shield. Midway through Thursday’s spacewalk, Whitson was set to surpass the current record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former space station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. READ MORE: SpaceX will shuttle tourists around the moon in 2018 A Russian holds the all-time spacewalking record: Anatoly Solovyev with 16. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she’s spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She’s scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that’s due to launch next month and return in September. A decision is expected soon. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance’s Atlas V to haul up the goods.   © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error International Space Station ISS NASA Peggy Whitson Shane Kimbrough Space Station spacewalk Editor's Picks Canada Seeking Asylum: Canada a 'dreamland' for Somalis in Minneapolis Entertainment Watching TV in virtual reality: 5 things you can expect Health Will teens smoke more pot when it's legal? They didn't in this U.S. state Canada Federal budget 2017: Lack of defence spending draws fire Politics How the budget will affect your pocketbook Politics Federal budget 2017 is a plan to train, but not retain, Canadian brains Money U.S. sues Vancouver dual citizen for over $1M for not reporting accounts FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Deadly measles outbreak spreads in Europe as vaccinations fall 10042 Bull shark left stranded on land after cyclone tears through northeast Australia 5018 Mexico City metro's 'penis seat' aims to provoke dialogue about sexual harassment 3746 Trudeau, Couillard defend Bombardier bailout after execs take home millions in raises 3190 Lululemon shares dive by almost 25 per cent 2098 Sponsored content Popular Videos Senior dies in wheelchair while waiting in Fraser Health emergency WATCH NOW Grieving family denied boarding by BC Ferries WATCH NOW Woman with only a few months to live trying to fill her bucket list WATCH NOW ‘Hero’ school bus driver praised for saving kids after speeding driver ignores stop sign WATCH NOW Lululemon stocks plunge WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead By Associated Press Published: 11:39 EDT, 30 March 2017 | Updated: 15:09 EDT, 30 March 2017 e-mail CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman - eight - and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking - just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 file photo, U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, member of the main crew of the expedition to the International Space Station, waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship at the Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. On Thursday, March 30, 2017, Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman, eight, as she works on preparations for a new docking port on the ISS. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool) As Whitson and Kimbrough installed the three remaining shields, Mission Control quickly came up with a TV MacGyver-like plan for a patch. The astronauts filled the gap using the cover that they had just removed from the relocated docking port. The cover is made of the same material as the shielding, according to Mission Control, and just as capable of protecting against potential strikes by bits of space debris and providing thermal control. The entire space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. It was not immediately clear how the shield got away, said NASA spokesman Dan Huot. It's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Frustration was evident in Whitson's voice as she told Mission Control about the mishap. She was delighted, though, by how well everything turned out. "You guys came up with a fantastic plan - on short notice. That's amazing," Whitson radioed. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. But the getaway items are usually small, like bolts. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, when unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station's commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson, above, and Shane Kimbrough work on the outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk. (NASA via AP) This still image taken from NASA shows NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson during a space walk at the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. Whitson, the world's oldest and most experienced spacewoman has just set another record, her eighth spacewalk. Whitson and her spacewalking partner, Shane Kimbrough need to complete prep work on a docking port. (NASA via AP) In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Shane Kimbrough, left, and Peggy Whitson, install a shield on a relocated docking port outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk at another part of the station earlier in the day. (NASA via AP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Thomas Cohen recalls the harrowing moment he found late wife Peaches Geldof's body... as he laments sons being alive more years than they knew her  Proportion parade! Kim Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans EXCLUSIVE: Gaunt Brad Pitt looks a shadow of his former self in shock new pictures as split from Angelina Jolie takes a toll Is Lauren masking a bump? Shy Goodger 'confirms pregnancy' in deleted tweet after hiding under a sheet... despite denying she's been intimate with Joey All that glitters! Khloe Kardashian shows off her INCREDIBLE figure in a sparkly sheer one-piece during sexy photoshoot Stunning She's cracked it! Mum blogger Clemmie Telford taste tests M&S Easter eggs and picks the PERFECT chocolate treat for everyone in her life SPONSORED This Morning's Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield accused of being 'condescending' towards ex Dawson Creek star James Van Der Beek Mel B is left 'livid' at Victoria Beckham's Carpool Karaoke... as she 'accuses former bandmate of using Spice Girls' music to boost profile' Cheeky girl! Shanina Shaik shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she frolics on the beach at WAGS star Nicole Williams' bachelorette party 'I still feel very warm towards her': Russell Brand on how fame wrecked his marriage to Katy Perry, his 'giddy love' for daughter Mabel and love for her mother Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley glows as she displays her blossoming bump in figure-hugging frilled pink dress at Seoul Fashion Week Could Katie Price be in hot water over topless sunbathing? Glamour model 'bends strict Maldivian nudity law' to tan her 32GG chest Flouted the rules Her favorite Legend! Chrissy Teigen shows off cute daughter Luna as she goes on Hollywood shopping spree Just Ordinary People 'Shame on you': John Legend defends Kim Kardashian after nasty dig on Twitter about her plans to have more children  Lashed out  'The little dancing feet have arrived': Strictly's Anton Du Beke, 50, welcomes twins with girlfriend Hannah Summers, 41 Happy news 'We were a mess': Lauren Pope reveals TOWIE scenes were often cut because she and ex co-star Lauren Goodger went to filming DRUNK after nights out . 'Here we go again!' Westlife's Kian Egan and wife Jodi Albert announce they're expecting their third child Growing brood Bronze ambition! Ferne McCann shows off her stunning figure in a metallic bikini as she posts yet another sizzling snap from her Maldives holiday Jeremy McConnell shares heartwarming family portrait with ex Stephanie Davis and their son Caben-Albi... amid turbulent 'assault' row  Imogen Thomas shows off her sensational curves in brightly coloured one-piece as she exhibits her very best gymnastics moves on Miami beach 'The wheels are falling off a bit!' Mel C, 43, reveals she's feeling the physical effects of ageing... after years of embracing ultra fit Sporty Spice image Red hot! Kelly Bensimon flaunts her ample assets in plunging swimsuit as she takes a dip on vacation in Florida Winter and war comes to Westeros in dark and brooding teaser with Kit Harington, Emilia Clarke and Lena Headey for Game Of Thrones' seventh season  Alesha Dixon looks summery in a vest top as she joins long term boyfriend at star-studded Thorpe Park launch A wild ride Abs-olutely ripped! Lily Collins shows off impressively toned torso in black sports bra and sheer leggings while on coffee run in LA Svelte physique She's eclectic! Claudia Winkleman looks typically striking in camouflage jacket and jeans as she steps out at National Geographic's Genius premiere Babymoon bliss! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad shares peek of her baby bump while enjoying beach break before birth  One last relaxing trip Former Made In Chelsea star Nicola Hughes slips into a sweet floral shirt dress for Benefit beauty preview party Ripe for a joke! Giggly Victoria Beckham lets her guard down on James Corden's Late Show as she gets fruit thrown at her in a game of Flinch Marnie Simpson hides her curves under a coat dress cover up... hours after fans accuse her of altering raunchy naked shot Unusually demure  What a babe! Olivia Wilde swaps her graphic T-shirt for a purple unicorn top as she heads to Life Itself set Busy filming the new movie Lucy Mecklenburgh stands out from the crowd in a fluffy jacket and sky-high heels as she is reunited with ex-TOWIE co-star Lydia Bright Mila Kunis reveals she's content with her 'perfect' family with Ashton Kutcher and has no plans for more kids Parents to a son and daughter Pretty in patterns! Jasmine Tookes turns heads as she shows off impressive abs in crocheted crop top after lunch in LA Always in style Birthday girl Ashley James flaunts her fantastic figure in a busty glittering crop top as she celebrates her 30th with star-studded bash 'I fancied her so much': Jack Whitehall reveals he 'found it hard to control' his schoolboy crush on Eva Longoria at Decline And Fall filming Tamara Ecclestone looks busty in a black maxi sundress as she gets back into LA life with daughter Sophia Every inch the Hollywood mum 'I'm going to try to have one more baby': Kim Kardashian reveals last-ditch plan to have surgery on uterus despite doctor's warnings Squad goals! Kourtney Kardashian cuts a stylish display in striped duster as she steps out with Larsa Pippen Seems closer to Kim's BFF than ever Ready for war! Blac Chyna heads to court in camouflage after Tyga 'threatens lawsuit' over her claims he has not been paying child support Catherine Zeta-Jones exudes old Hollywood glamour in chic brown trousers, shirt and blazer as she steps out in NYC after promoting new TV drama Pippa signs up Posh and Becks' PR mastermind for advice in the run-up to her wedding to hedge fund millionaire  Used to posh clients Wonder in white! Halle Berry goes braless under thin lacy poncho as she shares VERY sexy snap on Instagram Wowed fans  Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley cuddles up to cute son Alfie as she joins co-star Kym Marsh at LEGOLAND discovery launch Cara Delevingne looks white hot in gold studded trousers as she promotes her new sci-fi film.. after revealing she will SHAVE her head for next movie role 'That changes everything': Jessica Biel makes a surprising discovery about her ancestor in sneak peek of Who Do You Think You Are 'She couldn't beat me on her best day': Danielle Armstrong takes another swipe at ex James' new girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou... as their feud escalates Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her age defying figure in leggings and a cowboy hat as she steps out in Malibu  'The only thing we ran out of is time': Usher pays homage to his late stepson on his 16th birthday with tribute on Instagram Honoured late stepson  Damian Lewis swaps the hedge fund high life in TV hit Billions for low key West End play as he treads the boards in The Goat or Who is Sylvia? 'I know what you've done': Naomi Watts stars in intense trailer to new film The Book of Henry, which sees her transform from single mother to sniper Jennifer Lopez sued by hoverboard company that supplied 42 scooters for dancing in Las Vegas residency show Emotional Holly Willoughby breaks down in tears live on TV and is unable to move onto next segment as sepsis campaigner speaks of loss of her son Coronation treat! Soap star Tina O'Brien is joined by fiancé Adam Crofts and their two-year old son Beau as they step out for lunch Family day out She Shore makes an impression! Geordie newbie Chelsea Barber bares unsupported assets as pal yanks her top during star-studded night on the town PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Has Francesca Eastwood gone under the knife? Clint's daughter reveals VERY perky new figure in Malibu That photo is SO last century! Mandy Moore posts ultimate TBT pic with Justin Timberlake from 1999 Fresh faced  Katie Price slips into a colourful retro bikini as she continues family getaway... as she's slammed for sharing 'inappropriate' shot of daughter Princess, 9 Love/Hate, Actually: Susanna Reid REJECTED a role in the Love Actually sequel for Comic Relief because of GMB 'TV husband' Piers Morgan 'I was close to a breakdown': Linda Robson admits she was too 'ashamed' to tell anyone after racking up thousands in debt Spending habit Made In Chelsea's Tiffany Watson goes topless in a peachy shower snap from Mauritius holiday Paradise vacation She's not shellfish! Katie Salmon treats onlookers to an eyeful as tries on a range of racy beachwear while preparing for Miss Swimsuit UK Are iguanas that live off their own bones the cure for obesity? CHRISTOPER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Blake Lively wraps up in heavy coat and hoodie as she steps out with husband Ryan Reynolds... and his BFF Jake Gyllenhaal tags along too Special delivery! Khloe Kardashian indulges in decadent chocolate dipped strawberries sent by boyfriend Tristan Thompson Delicious treat 'I've given up on jewellery or clothes!' Justin Theroux reveals he recently bought wife Jennifer Aniston a Snuggie and 'amazing' flip flops  'I think about EVERYTHING I post on soicial media': Plus-size model Iskra Lawrence talks about the pressures of being a body-positive role model McLeaning up his act: WAG Nicola and her love rat husband Tom Williams look loved up at Disney On Ice with sons ahead of vow renewal Rebuilding relationship 'My finger's fatter than I thought': Dave Franco reveals why he isn't wearing his wedding band weeks after secretly tying the knot with Alison Brie   Jagger's girl climbs into pole position: Georgia May shows off her moves in snap posted on Instagram  Effortless exercise It's a ruff life! Lizzie Cundy turns heads as she dons a perilously plunging scarlet swimsuit to walk her pet pooch Casual daytime attire...  'It's just wrong!' Ricky Gervais slammed by grieving parents who stormed out of his live stand-up show after he cracked joke about 'dead baby' Scarlett's cyber sensation: Classy and beguiling, Scarlett Johansson is perfect as a cyborg created to crack crime  She's definitely Hot Right Now! Bikini-clad Rita Ora shows off her bronzed physique as she soaks up the sun in the Maldives Teasing fans on trip Having a wheelie good time! Len Wiseman's model girlfriend CJ Franco beams as she flashes tons of flesh while riding bike on grocery trip Katie Price puts on an eye-popping display in tiny bikini bottoms as she films herself having a steamy shower... while on a family holiday with her kids 'Coachella fittings!': Ashley Graham models off-the-shoulder gown from own collection as she prepares to attend popular music festival  Always stunning Wheelchair bound Eric Clapton, 71, looks frail as he holds hands with daughter at airport... after being forced to pull out of two gigs due to 'severe bronchitis' Let It Shine's winning five take centre stage alongside Take That in new trailer for The Band... after BBC hit back at claims the boys 'won't have main roles' Pregnant Bristol Palin shares photos of her one-year-old daughter Sailor enjoying the sunshine as the whole family jet off on a warm weather getaway Selfie queen Lauren Goodger leaves her car in disabled bay ahead of gym session... before coming over shy and wrapping herself in HUGE white sheet 'I'm gonna miss my turkey neck': Mama June goes under the knife for yet more surgery on From Not To Hot  U.S. reality resurgence  Kimberley Garner puts on a busty display while showcasing her killer abs in a barely-there pastel blue bikini... as she pursues Hollywood movie dreams Stephen Belafonte shares intimate 'threesome snap' with Mel B... amid claims the couple's 'open relationship' prompted their divorce Kate Wright shows off her enviable curves in sexy white crochet bikini following 'love interest' Rio Ferdinand's emotional documentary about late wife Lindsay Lohan flaunts her fabulous figure in a plunging purple swimsuit as she holidays in Thailand with friends  Happy and healthy She's a boho babe! Amber Heard goes hippie chic in black lace frock as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Free spirit style  Katie Holmes looks gorgeous in white as she joins co-star Matthew Perry to promote The Kennedys: After Camelot  Comedy duo Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn playfully stick out their tongues as they promote new movie Snatched Play mum and daughter 'The door is bent!': Marnie Simpson is accused of photoshopping her NAKED picture to promote raunchy new shoe range Making the sidewalk her runway! Bella Hadid shows off her impressively long legs in dark skinny jeans in New York City  Iggy Azalea looks demure in all-black as she jets out of LA after making music comeback with VERY racy video Kim Zolciak flaunts Rapunzel-style braid... ahead of her heated return to The Real Housewives of Atlanta Diane Kruger is casual in camo on stroll through in New York without her new man Norman Reedus Laid back look 'Prosecutors are still reviewing the case': Louis Tomlinson faces longer wait to learn if he'll be charged for airport brawl as hearing is pushed back Is that Oroton? Rose Byrne sports vintage handbag amid controversy over retailer's decision to dump her and hire 'younger influencers' Chaka Khan shows off dramatic weight loss as she jets out of LA just days after celebrating 64th birthday 'I wrote nice things about Cate Blanchett and now I'm a pervert!': Val Kilmer defends tweets after being labelled 'creepy' 'Most days, I laugh at my own symptoms': Michael J. Fox reveals how he finds humor in Parkinson's disease Candid new interview  Jeff Goldblum, 64, holds hands with wife Emilie Livingston, 34, after romantic lunch as they prepare to welcome second child 'It is necessary to abandon our humanity': Woody Harrelson and Andy Serkis square off in final dark trailer for War For The Planet Of The Apes  'I'm going to win it': Brad Pitt plays 'rock star' US General in Afghanistan in latest trailer for Netflix's War Machine  Mark Wahlberg reprises his role as the cool dad while shooting scenes in the snow with Will Ferrell and Mel Gibson for Daddy's Home 2 Busy Philipps looks sleek on set of new NBC sitcom after posting hilarious throwback snap of her crazy curls phase  Bright young thing! Rumer Willis dazzles in chic orange dress with tiny flowers for her media tour of New York Opted for a flowing dress with flowers 'I'm hurt you think I would put my baby at risk': Pregnant Amy Childs defends drinking 'fizz' as she proudly shows off her bump outside TV studios Hola, bombón! Charlotte Dawson shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging red swimsuit and killer heels as she tops up her tan in Spain 'It'll be less sexist!' Harvey Fierstein reveals how he's changing up NBC's Bye Bye Birdie Live! starring Jennifer Lopez 'I'm Bart Simpson, put her there, man!' Voice artist Nancy Cartwright blows an oblivious teen's mind as he tries to sell her cookies and she responds as Bart  Agent in action! Jaimie Alexander suits up as Jane Doe as she films scenes for Blindspot in New York Crime drama EXCLUSIVE - Bird of paradise: Bikini-clad Megyn Kelly puts on a colorful display while flashing some skin as she snorkels out to sea in Hawaii 49 and fab! As singer-turned-style star Celine Dion celebrates her birthday today, FEMAIL shines a spotlight on her young and modern fashions 'I'm not close with them': Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans will not invite fellow MTV cast members to her wedding... after teasing fall nuptials on Twitter Now Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa flexes HIS revenge body after ex Christina's bikini shots  Motivated to get fit after battling two cancers  Bumpy time: Whitney Port covers up in loose sweater after revealing she 'hates' being pregnant At an LA farmer's market RHOA's Kenya Moore gets restraining order against ex Matt Jordan after he hounds her with phone calls 'up to 30 times a day' Yes, there's more! Dakota Johnson jets into Miami ahead of release of unrated, uncut home video version of Fifty Shades Darker Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample bust and toned stomach in a skimpy mint green bikini as she joins stunning sister Lauryn in the Maldives Kate Hudson has a spring in her step on stylish outing in New York... just days after passionate kiss with new love Danny Fujikawa 'Sorry for any offence in advance': Russell Brand confirms return to live radio to host comedy show on Radio X... eight years after 'Sachsgate' Still got it! Harrison Ford, 74, reveals he still fits into Blade Runner costumes 35 years on Known for keeping in shape Goodies! Ciara and husband Russell Wilson throw elaborate 'all white' co-ed baby shower in Los Angeles Eagerly awaiting the arrival of their child She's a bikini babe! Serena Williams puts on a busty display as she flaunts her toned tummy in sexy snap In seriously good shape for her holiday How to clean your house like Kate Thornton: Presenter reveals tips to get your home spick and span including using a toothbrush to clean tiles  Grey's Anatomy star Chandra Wilson opens up about her daughter's real life medical mystery which took months to diagnose No little lies here! Reese Witherspoon smolders in Elizabeth Arden ad with slicked-back hair and flawless skin as she is named 'Storyteller-in-Chief' When on vacation! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik and friends flaunt their VERY pert derrières in skimpy bikinis  Bringing sexy back! Spice Up Your Drive! Victoria Beckham dusts off her vocal chords for a spin with James Corden in Carpool Karaoke Wannabe my driver? SPOILER ALERT: Sarah Hyland responds to fans on Twitter after shocking Modern Family twist Star set the record straight Catherine Zeta Jones looks chic in monochrome jumpsuit as she heads to the Today show to promote new television show Feud: Bette and Joan 'We should all be feminists': Jennifer Lawrence makes bold statement in slogan T-shirt as she poses for the Dior 2017 Fall Collection  'She's still the same selfless girl': Meghan Markle's best friend reveals why her relationship with Harry WON'T change the Suits star Mum on the run! Myleene Klass keeps it casual in a denim mini-dress and knee-high boots as she dashes to her radio show Boot-ylicious! She's got sunshine! Kyle Richards adds a pop of color with yellow handbag as she makes a dash for it after gym session Bright spark 'I had a knife held at me!' Peter Andre reveals social anxiety caused by his youth as 'an outcast'... and reveals TV chat helped him understand it Throwback Thursday! Britain's Next Top Model judge Abbey Clancy gives a nod to the past in seventies inspired denim flares Catwalk queen Rachel Zoe ditches her all-black signature style for pretty floral frock as she runs errands in West Hollywood Chose a bright ensemble for once Spencer Matthews plays the role of supporting beau in Dublin... as new flame Vogue Williams insists women 'need to see a few people at one time'  She got it from her mama! Tamara Ecclestone's daughter Sophia, 3, steals the show as she poses up a storm with smiley appearance in LA Topless Katie Price exposes painful scars from eighth boob job as she confidently parades 32GG chest on beach during idyllic family holiday to the Maldives Storms a brewin': First look at the CW's new superhero series Black Lightning starring Cress Williams New photo 'I think I've put my back out!': Susanna Reid flashes too much as she's DROPPED during Strictly lift... after admitting she's too busy for a boyfriend  'It changed my life!' Dawson Creek's James Van Der Beek reveals 'heartthrob status' on the cult show prepared him for stardom... but he never watched it back Robin Thicke and Paula Patton 'close to reaching formal agreement over custody of son Julian'... two years after finalising their divorce Victoria Secret Angel Romee Strijd flaunts her sensational body in a baby blue two-piece as she poses up a storm for photoshoot on Venice Beach Moving in with the brood? Angelina Jolie puts tense split with Brad Pitt behind her as she 'eyes up historic $25 million gated community mansion' Top Gear's 'tame racing driver' The Stig breaks a world record in a dodgem car by driving the restored 1960s model at over 100mph  SPOILER! Shock twist in Hollyoaks as Ste Hay is arrested for Amy Barnes' murder... as well as his boyfriend Harry Thompson Let slip secret on TV  Blac Chyna 'believes exes Tyga and Rob Kardashian have teamed up to spread lies about her'... after she branded rapper a 'b***h' in child support rant Michael Bublé and his wife Luisana are seen for the first time since it was revealed son Noah, 3, is 'progressing well' following treatment for liver cancer It must be her favourite! Queen Letizia of Spain recycles a vibrant red coat as she attends a prize-giving ceremony in Soria Charity work VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: Fearne Cotton and Holly Willoughby almost KISS as they play hilarious chip game on new Celebrity Juice Sight for sore fries The original ending for Disney's animated classic Frozen is revealed for the first time... and it doesn't turn out well for Elsa Not cool with fans Khloe Kardashian goes braless under jacket bearing her beau Tristan Thompson's basketball number... after ex claims she 'tolerated' his drug habit 'I couldn't believe it because I loved them': Mischa Barton reveals her 'emotionalblackmail' after discovering an intimate sex tape was on sale for $500,000 'I feel self-conscious holding her hand': Gregg Wallace, 52,  reveals embarrassment over 22-year age gap with fourth wife Anne-Marie, 30 Yee-phwoar! Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination in a barely-there top while Jesy Nelson straddles a bull as Little Mix's raciest video yet They don't give an Amster-DAM! James Lock holds hands with giggly girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou during filming after viewers branded her a 'bunny boiler' Shady lady! Bella Hadid wears sunglasses at night but forgets a BRA as she steps out in coordinated black and red belly-baring outfit Red-dy for her close up 'Such a good boy for mummy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet snap with son Caben-Albi as she brushes off drama with Jeremy McConnell   Braless Rita Ora shows off perky assets through sheer top as she just about protects her modesty with star pasties... before going for a dip in holiday snap Antony Costa treats himself to 3D liposuction in a bid to regain his body confidence after displaying a fuller figure  Slimmed down by six inches Pregnant Amal Clooney is the picture of elegance in red as she prepares to give war crime speech... after husband George gushed she is 'doing amazing' Retro chic! Cody Simpson cuts a casual figure in vintage blue bomber jacket and black pants as he heads for a night out in LA Headed out for a party 'He was always the a** wipe for Will Smith': Fresh Prince of Bel-Air's Janet Hubert jabs at cast reunion photo and calls Alfonso Ribeiro a 'media hoe'  George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz races to funeral after finding out about it at the last minute - but isn't allowed into the wake Friends and family only 'I didn't know if he was in the zone or if he genuinely didn't like me': Charlie Hunnam reflects on his frosty working relationship with co-star Robert Pattinson 'Talk about a flashback!': Catherine Tyldesley shows off her knickers as she performs a raunchy 'strip tease' on sketch show Scallywagga 'We haven't got time!' Ore Oduba says he and his wife Portia are too busy for babies... and reveals Strictly winners are NOT allowed to keep the glitterball trophy Spring in her step! Pixie Lott flaunts her trim waist in minuscule floral crop top and high-waisted jeans as she heads out in LA Good jeans Now that's hot Coco! Rapper Ice T's racy wife leaves little to the imagination in racy lingerie shoot shared on her Snapchat One way to get attention Chic Gemma Arterton looks elegant in colour-clashing fuchsia and scarlet ensemble at Their Finest screening in London Bright young thing Lovely in lace! Curvy model Ashley Graham looks sultry while posing in bras and panties for Canadian clothing chain Addition Elle Showed off curvy figure Khloe Kardashian puts on brave face and shows off figure in tight jeans after ex Lamar Odom claims she knew about his cocaine use and cheating Squad goals! Kourtney Kardashian and son Mason wear matching bomber jackets with Larsa Pippen and crew of friends for Korean barbecue in LA Liberty Ross flashes a hint of side boob in an embellished sheer dress at the NYC premiere of Ghost In The Shell with her two cute children Lily Collins looks stylish in a striped crop top and flares as she heads to the movies with a handsome male friend Looked lovely 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri wears tummy-skimming leather mini dress and knee-high boots to party following a series of cryptic social media posts  Look away now, Channing! Jenna Dewan Tatum writhes around in sexy underwear after indulging in a pillow fight with her pals during girls' night in EXCLUSIVE - 'If it wasn't for Ed I'd still be sleeping on the beach': Liberian street boy saved by pop star reveals he was abused, beaten and robbed 'Poking fun of myself': Victoria Beckham reveals her fun side and smiles while on The Late Late Show So she really does smile!  Blac Chyna flaunts impressive weight loss in corset and sheer skirt combination... amid accusing Tyga of not paying child support Slimmer than ever Vroom! Tyga and Scott Disick go on a shopping spree at LA Barneys location in luxury cars...after ex Blac Chyna accused him of not paying child support 'Can't wait to see you!' Katy Perry takes to social media to confirm her Glastonbury debut this year... as full line-up is FINALLY announced after speculation 'I don't know what makes you happy but it's not me': Megan McKenna left in tears as she and Pete Wicks FINALLY break up on TOWIE Elegant in emerald: Jessica Chastain dazzles in a chic green pencil dress with bow detail as she heads out for dinner Emerald pretty! French goddess! Juliette Binoche, 53, is sensational in black gown slashed to waist at Ghost In The Shell premiere Show stealing gown EastEnders is not so Dyer without Danny: Producers baffled as 'TV show ratings are boosted after the badboy actor's shock departure' Life's a beach! Ireland Baldwin kicks off bikini season as she flashes toned physique during surfside photo shoot  Showed off toned physique Buckle up! Racy Perrie Edwards gets soaked in booze as Little Mix tease titillating Coyote Ugly-inspired music video for No More Sad Songs Skimpiest ensembles yet Monokini-clad US TV star Brooke Burke-Charvet gets wet and wild in daring swimsuit as she hits the beach with her family in St. Barts Top dad! Doting Sir Rod Stewart, 72, and adorable youngest son Aiden, 6, wear matching Celtic jerseys as they enjoy bonding day in Bel Air One sweet stay! Look inside the $25 million mansion Mariah Carey rented for her birthday getaway to Cabo with Bryan Tanaka Pad fit for a pop queen Little Mix's Jesy Nelson steals the spotlight in skimpy pants and sexy fishnet tights ahead of The Late Late Show appearance in LA 'He'll be a mess, but Amal will take care of everything': Matt Damon predicts what kind of dad George Clooney will shape up to be  Mocked his pal All the colours of the rainbow! Scarlett Johansson stuns in glittery gown with plunging neckline at Ghost In The Shell premiere in NYC Hollywood's first female studio boss on Angelina Jolie's daily drug tests, defending Mel Gibson and supporting Tom Cruise and Scientology He's not worried! Justin Bieber struts around Brazil while showing off new tattoos and washboard abs... despite possibility of arrest IT is back... and will leave you screaming: Pennywise is more terrifying than ever in spine-chilling first trailer for Stephen King's IT The fun has just begun... What a stud (jacket)! Jared Leto looks edgy in bespangled blue sky motif denim coat at Blade Runner 2049 CinemaCon event One cool dude TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou sizzles in plunging bralet as she puts on defiant display with beau James Lock... after viewers brand her a 'bunny boiler' Cold Feet cast celebrate saga's 20th anniversary with charming portrait as they plan SECOND reunion series Hello stranger! Hilary Duff hugs handsome mystery man as she visits trendy hotel bar in New York Back on the market following her divorce Quick change artist! Sofia Richie, 18, heads for lunch in leggings and denim vest... after arriving back in LA from NYC wearing sweatpants and Yeezys Cop a load of this! Chloe Lattanzi shows off her curves and trim pins in busty Killer Barbie costume as she denies row with mum Olivia Newton-John Going strong! Kesha flashes peace sign while catching flight with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter at LAX Pretty in pink Wednesday What happened to your gorgeous locks? Handsome Chris Pine reveals shaved head at Las Vegas movie convention W-hair has it gone? Bombshell in black! Rooney Mara slips into cleavage-baring cocktail dress for The Discovery premiere in LA Looked like a knockout at the bash She means business! Mel B heads to see her divorce lawyer in fierce thigh-high boots as she begins to set her split from Stephen Belafonte in stone Gothic glam! Gigi Hadid embraces her dark side with edgy oxblood lips and matching boots Rocked a stylish but edgy look MIC's Tiffany Watson and sister Lucy leave their boyfriends at home for girls' night out... following on-screen drama with Sam Thompson Made In Chelsea's Stephanie Pratt going for gold with Team GB rugby player Ollie Lindsay-Hague as new couple make first public appearance Fashionable friends! Minka Kelly and Mandy Moore enjoy a girls' night out at feminist function Brunette beauties rocked the event White hot! Actress Maria Menounos stuns in a dramatic jumpsuit as she poses up a storm at CinemaCon The 38-year-old wowed in white at the event Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact About Us Contact form Distribution Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise India House 14th Annual Gala celebrates spirit of ‘Giving Back’, presents Ian Grillot with $100,000 Sugar Land HS Student Wins $100k in Science Competition Fort Bend ISD students and staff visit China as part of District exchange program Indian Doctors Association gala raises funds for scholarships and IDCC Home » News » National » US astronaut breaks record for most spacewalks by a woman US astronaut breaks record for most spacewalks by a woman   American astronaut Peggy Whitson made history when she floated outside the International Space Station on Thursday, breaking the record for the most spacewalks by a woman. Whitson, 57, is making her eighth career spacewalk, surpassing the record of seven previously held by American Suni Williams. The spacewalk formally began at 7:29 am (1129 GMT) when Whitson and her NASA colleague Shane Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. “Be safe and enjoy your time out,” said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened. “I will be waiting for you.” The goal of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk is to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. Thursday’s walkabout is the second in a series of three spacewalks to outfit the exterior of the orbiting outpost with parking spots for a new generation of space taxis ferrying astronauts to the station. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year. – Whitson’s space cred – Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. She is a native of Iowa and is known for her quick wit, sense of humor and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. Earlier this month, she said in an interview on NASA television that she has spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in microgravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and growing seedlings called Arabidopsis to study how plants grow in orbit. Now on her third long-duration spaceflight, Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. She arrived at the space station in November, after previously serving on two six month missions at the orbiting outpost in 2002 and 2008. On April 24, she will break another record — this time for the most cumulative days in space by an American — when she passes 534 in orbit, longer than current title holder Jeff Williams. Active on her Twitter account, @AstroPeggy, Whitson often writes about how research at the space station relates to every day life, and how she travels the world as part of her astronaut training. “I traveled to Russia eight times in the last 1.5 year training flow, two times to Japan and one time to Cologne,” she wrote in a recent blog post. Next week, she and Pesquet, 39, will perform another spacewalk to continue the space station upgrades and maintenance needed for future spaceships. For part of the outing, Pesquet is scheduled to ride the robotic arm from part of the football field-sized lab to another. “We call that officially the yee-haw ride,” she told NASA television last week. Whitson is married to fellow NASA biochemist Clarence Sams. According to her NASA bio, her hobbies include weightlifting, biking, basketball and water skiing. international space station most spacewalks by a woman NASA Peggy Whitson US astronaut breaks record More news Spacewalking French, US astronauts begin upgrade to orbiting lab » 24 March, 2017 // Global, News SpaceX cargo ship returns to Earth » 22 March, 2017 // Global SpaceX cargo ship arrives at space station » 23 February, 2017 // National, News SpaceX cargo ship aborts rendezvous with space station » 22 February, 2017 // National, News Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories India House 14th Annual Gala celebrates spirit of ‘Giving Back’, presents Ian Grillot with $100,000 ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS ABOUT FORM I-131A APPLICATION FOR TRAVEL DOCUMENT (CARRIER DOCUMENTATION) Register now for the “People’s Law School” Voice of Asia Promo Video Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix
Front Page About GNS Business/Industry Communities Education Entertainment Links Directory Maritime Medicine & Science Opinion/Forum Public Safety Transportation Weather Associates Media Kit Bay Area Houston Brazoria County Chambers County Fort Bend County Galveston County Harris County Jefferson County Liberty County Montgomery County Orange County State of Alabama State of Florida State of Louisiana State of Texas State of Mississippi Washington D.C. Higher Education Elementary and Primary Education Forum Jim Guidry Commentaries Business & Industry Rotary National Award for Space Achievement Foundation News Release Thursday, March 30, 2017 Rotary Space Awards Gala Honors Heroes of the Space Program HOUSTON, Texas - The Rotary National Award for Space Achievement (RNASA) Foundation will recognize people in the space industry at their annual space awards gala on Friday, April 28, 2017, at the Houston Hyatt Regency. The RNASA Foundation was formed by the Space Center Rotary Club in 1985, to publicly recognize the heroes of America’s space program. This year, the RNASA Foundation will present the 2017 National Space Trophy, to Dr. John Grunsfeld, NASA Associate Administrator of the Science Mission Directorate. Former NASA Administrator, Dr. Michael Griffin, will present the prestigious award to Dr. Grunsfeld, who was nominated by Dr. Matt Mountain, President of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy. The National Space Trophy honoree is selected each year by the RNASA Foundation's Board of Advisors. This board represents a Who's Who of government and corporate aerospace leaders, including former Trophy and Space Communicator Award recipients. The 2017 Space Communicator Award will be presented to Johnson Space Center Public Affairs Office (PAO) Mission Commentator, Rob Navias. RNASA Advisor and Griffin Communications Group President Jeffrey Carr will present the award to Navias. Miles O’Brien will serve as Emcee and Gemini/Apollo Astronaut Lt. Gen. Thomas Stafford, USAF (Ret.), will present an OMEGA watch to Grunsfeld at the closing of the program. In addition to the National Space Trophy, and Space Communicator Award, stellar awards will be presented to people in early career, mid career, late career, and team categories. RNASA Chairman Rodolfo González said, “We received an impressive 149 stellar nominations this year, 38 government and 111 corporate.” The nominations came from a.i. solutions, Inc., Aerojet Rocketdyne, Blue Origin, The Boeing Company, CACI, Jacobs, Leidos, Lockheed Martin, NASA Glenn Research Center, NASA Headquarters, NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, NASA Johnson Space Center, NASA Kennedy Space Center, NASA Marshall Space Flight Center, Oceaneering Space Systems, Orbital ATK, SAIC, Schafer Corporation, SpaceX, Stinger Ghaffarian Technologies, Inc., United States Air Force, USAF Air Force Research Laboratory, and UTC Aerospace Systems. Of all the nominations, only a few Stellar awards are given, and are announced the evening of the banquet. The winners will receive engraved marble trophies generously sponsored by Orbital ATK. The trophies will be presented by NASA Astronauts Dr. Kjell Lindgren and Dr. Kathleen Rubins. The RNASA Stellar Awards Evaluation Panel ranks the nominations received from industry and government in all categories, based on whose accomplishments hold the greatest promise for furthering activities in space and the extent to which the nominee meets the goal of recognizing "unsung heroes”. The 2017 Stellar judges are Dr. Glynn S. Lunney, Arnold D. Aldrich, Colonel Eileen Collins, USAF (Ret.), and Michael L. Coats. The Stellar Award nominees and team representatives will enjoy a behind-the-scenes tour of the Johnson Space Center and a luncheon where all are recognized with framed certificates and a Fisher Space Pen donated by the company. The Fisher Space Pen was originally carried by the astronauts of the Apollo moon missions and is still used on manned space flights to this day. They are precision assembled, hand tested, and guaranteed to perform underwater, at any angle including upside down, in extreme temperatures, and of course in zero gravity. The keynote speaker at the luncheon will be Colonel Jeffrey Williams. The Stellar Awards Committee Chairman Jennifer Devolites, RNASA Foundation Chairman Rodolfo González, RNASA Committee member Duane Ross, and Space Center Rotary Club President Darryl Smith will also address the nominees at the Stellar Awards luncheon. The reception begins at 6 p.m., and the program starts at 7 p.m with a welcome by RNASA Chairman Rodolfo Gonzalez. Following will be a presentation of the colors by Clear Brook High School Army JROTC, accompanied with the national anthem sung by Members of the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts Girls Chorus. Rev. Madella Williams, Senior Pastor, Taylor Lake Christian Church, will do the invocation. After dinner, the awards ceremony will kick off with a multimedia show summarizing the year's space events produced by Space City Films. The RNASA Foundation invites members of the public and the aerospace community to attend the black-tie event. Individual tickets are $300, and corporate tables range from $2,000 to $5,000. Please use http://www.rnasa.org/tables.html to reserve your table for the RNASA Banquet, and for information about sponsorships and tickets. To reserve a hotel room, please use http://www.rnasa.org/houston.html at the Houston Hyatt Regency. About RNASA: The Rotary National Award for Space Achievement (RNASA) Foundation was founded by the Space Center Rotary Club of Houston, Texas in 1985 to organize and coordinate an annual event to recognize outstanding achievements in space and create greater public awareness of the benefits of space exploration. The nonprofit Foundation presents the National Space Trophy and Stellar Awards each year. Guidry News Service is headquartered in Midtown Houston. at 4001 Fannin Street, Suite 4432, Houston, TX. 77004-4077 (409) 763 NEWS(6397)         News@GuidryNews.com © 1996, Guidry News Service. Duplication of any part of this website in any manner is prohibited.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Operations > Maintenance > Northrop Maintenance for US Surveillance Plane Dogged by Flaws Northrop Maintenance for US Surveillance Plane Dogged by Flaws Mar 30, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Poor quality was found on six of seven of the contractor’s Joint Stars aircraft that were inspected after the Air Force review raised questions about procedures. Northrop Grumman Corp. CEO Wes Bush Copyright Alex Wong, Getty Images Advertisement Northrop Grumman Corp.’s performance on its $7 billion contract to maintain the U.S.’s top aircraft for ground surveillance has been dogged by quality failings, according to a new Air Force review. Poor quality was found on six of seven of the contractor’s Joint Stars aircraft that were inspected after the Air Force review raised questions about Northrop Grumman (IW 500/47) procedures. The service initiated the review after $7.3 million in water damage to radar was discovered in July on a plane that had just been returned from the company’s maintenance depot. The Air Force concluded Northrop personnel were responsible. Joint Stars -- short for the Joint Surveillance and Target Attack Radar System -- is a Boeing Co. 707-300 airframe that Northrop equipped with radar, sensors and moving-target indicators. The 16 planes have been used since the 1991 Gulf War to monitor enemy ground movements and pass along locations for airstrikes and intelligence. The aircraft are now flying over Iraq monitoring Islamic State terrorists. Popular Now Samsung Hopes for Rebound with Galaxy S8, Virtual Assistant Standard Work: A Standard, or More Like a Guideline? 5 Steps to Improving Profitability of High-Mix/Low-Volume Production The review determined that quality issues at Northrop’s maintenance depot in Lake Charles, La., began to emerge in 2015, Air Force spokesman Daryl Mayer said in email. Northrop personnel on numerous occasions improperly installed bolts and failed to follow technical manuals, according to the Air Force. The service plans to inspect all of the aircraft by year’s end. While none of the deficiencies posed immediate danger to Joint Stars crews, they signaled potential safety problems, the officials said. ‘Casual Approach to Quality' Colonel Darien Hammett, leader of the review team, said there was a “casual approach to quality on the contractor’s side because they didn’t have the processes in place that they needed.” “Installing a bolt incorrectly was something that we saw a lot more often than we would have expected to,” Hammett said. “Finding one non-conformance is bad enough,” Colonel Ray Wier, a Joint Stars program official, said in an interview. Wier said, “In some areas there’s probably no impact if it’s not in flight-safety critical regions,” but it could be significant if bolts were installed poorly in flight controls or a plane’s landing gear. General Ellen Pawlikowski, chief of the Air Force Materiel Command who recommended the review after learning of more quality issues, said in an email it “validated that we and the contractor can do better to support the JSTARS fleet, an aging fleet with capabilities that are in very high demand.” The Air Force opened a $7 billion contest in December to buy replacement aircraft that is likely to pit Northrop Grumman against Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp. Until a replacement is deployed, the Joint Star’s age will complicate Northrop’s maintenance challenge, officials said. Northrop: Improvements Made Tim Paynter, a Northrop spokesman, said in an email that the contractor “remains steadfast in its commitment to quality and safety to ensure the high demand Joint STARS fleet is mission-ready for America’s warfighters.” He said improvements have been made since the July water damage incident. But Northrop hasn’t offered to pay for the $7.3 million in radar damage, Air Force program manager Steve Wert said in an email. The Air Force is reviewing its options to recover the money, he said. Northrop is performing maintenance on Joint Stars aircraft under a $7 billion “total system support contract” awarded in September 2000 that had a six-year base with 16 annual options. It was paid about $1.1 billion from May 2011 to October 2015 for work on the surveillance planes, according to the Pentagon’s inspector general, who issued a critical report in November on the Air Force’s management of the contract. By Tony Capaccio Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Northrop Air-War Planning System Soars in Price, Slips by Years Northrop’s $80 Billion Bomber Win Spelled Out in US Ruling Northrop Works to Fix Flawed Wings on Navy Drone 1 GM Wins Second Trial Over Crashes Blamed on Ignition Flaw Toshiba Scandal Exposes Japan Inc.’s Governance Flaws THE LATEST The Missing Link Between Manufacturing Data and Profitability Trump Backs Away From Softer NAFTA Stance SpaceX Poised to Launch First Recycled Rocket Mars Becomes Latest Company to Tout Job Growth Under Trump Largest Manufacturing Companies Stick with Climate Pledge after Trump Pivot Three External Factors Driving Corporate Cultural Change Today More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Mar 28, 2017 Article Lance Camper CEO Jack Cole: Always Be Learning – and Listening 2 This manufacturing leader's advice: Don't ever think you know it all....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Three External Factors Driving Corporate Cultural Change Today The Future Of Manufacturing Boeing to Save 747 by Buying Them and Leasing to Cargo Haulers 10 Tech Predictions for 2017 and Beyond Ford Issues Recalls for Door Latch, Engine Fire Issues IW Webinars Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation Manufacturing's Great Debate Best Practices for IoT Success Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? Mobile Vehicle and Heavy Equipment Repair Services The New Service Model Connected Quality Management Accelerating Global Industrial Productivity with The Connected Enterprise More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Travel All Travel News Beach City Cruise UK Family £9.50 Hols WIDE-SCREEN VIEWS World’s largest plane window measuring 4.5ft by 1.5ft will start to appear on jets from 2018 Boeing Business Jets' new Skyview Panoramic Windows are created by joining three existing 737 windows together By Caroline McGuire, Digital Travel Editor 30th March 2017, 2:09 pm Updated: 30th March 2017, 8:30 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE battle for who gets the window seat is about to get even more intense. A giant window for planes, measuring 4.5 feet by 1.5 foot, will start to appear in planes from 2018. Skyview Panoramic/Fokker 2 A giant window for planes measuring 4.5 feet by 1.5 foot will start to appear in planes from 2018 As of next year, Boeing Business Jets will begin to put their new Skyview Panoramic Window in planes. The largest-ever passenger jet window measures will be offered as an option on any new BJ MAX passenger jet aeroplanes they build from 2018. It can also be fitted on existing BBJ planes. MOST READ IN TRAVEL ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS THAT HOUSE! Inside Mariah Carey's incredible £20m holiday home IPAD AIN'T GETTING ON NO PLANE How does the new UK laptop flight ban affect me and what are the rules on cabin electronics? SUN, SEA AND THE SPHINX Is it safe to travel to Egypt? Latest advice on Sharm El Sheikh, Cairo, and Luxor Road to ruin 'Most dangerous path in the world' that claimed the lives of five tourists reopens for summer season 'No f****** way' Gordon Ramsay says he'll NEVER eat in-flight meals on a plane, as he knows where the food has been CHEAP BREAKS Ryanair flash sale sees flights to France and Norway selling for £2.99 today RETURN TRIP Thomas Cook says Brit tourists are returning to Egypt and Turkey after terror attacks, despite FCO warnings NO MILE HIGH MANNERS Flight attendants reveal the most bizarre things they've seen passengers do WOULD YOU EAT PLANE FOOD EVERY DAY? This woman tastes in-flight meals for a living... and DOESN'T hate her job PLANE STUPID United Airlines were RIGHT to bar two girls in leggings from flight as they are dangerous on planes, expert says ALL ABOARD What is The Flying Scotsman and when will it visit the Settle to Carlisle line and the Bluebell Railway? WHAT A BEAUT! You can actually visit the castle that inspired the beast's home in Beauty and The Beast SCHOOL OF LIFE This mum is taking her two daughters out of school for a year-long trip round the world Why Brexit will be GOOD for British tourism The industry is already thriving thanks to the leave vote SPRING BREAKDOWN Raucous Spring Break photos show American college students downing shots, twerking and snorting drugs off each other's BUMS MYSTERY SOLVED The location of the real Axehampton House and how to visit the stunning Broadchurch filming locations Not your average caravan! Incredible images of some of the most bizarre mobile homes from around the world WORLD'S MOST INSTAGRAMMABLE HOTEL? Fabulously kitsch Madonna Inn has a different theme in each room THE U-BEND! Skyscraper planned for New York that would be 'world's longest building' looks like a giant bendy straw The windows are created by effectively joining three existing 737 windows together. Built by GKN Aerospace’s Fokker business, the new-look windows will offer passengers “an unparalleled perspective of the world.” However, there are currently only plans to build the windows on corporate planes – passengers on normal commercial jets will have to make do with the standard size. Skyview Panoramic/Fokker 2 As of next year, Boeing Business Jets will begin to put their new Skyview Panoramic Window in planes A new aircraft invention stops the person sitting in the middle seat from getting squished The Sun Topics Aeroplanes Flying Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular Exclusive BEACH BUOYS Katie Price gives fans first glimpse of her new 32GG boobs as she makes waves during family holiday in Maldives TV & Showbiz HEALTH WOES Eric Clapton, 71, looks frail while being pushed through LAX in a wheelchair TV & Showbiz Exclusive KATIE'S AFFRONT TO ISLAM Katie Price faces police probe for going topless on Maldives beach - because her antics violate… TV & Showbiz TALE OF TWO LOVERS George Michael's former lover Fadi Fawaz is snubbed by family and barred from the wake after star's… News MC DEAL How to get a McDonald's Big Mac and fries for £1.99 every time - and it's totally legit Money MEET THE TAMPONATOR Robot has her first period in scientific feat which will bring machines even closer to humanity News FATTY FATTY BOOM-UN North Korea threatens WAR with the US after John McCain called Kim Jong-un a ‘crazy fat kid' News Who's the daddy? Jeremy Kyle guest, 35, demands DNA test after his 19-year-old fiancé has sex with THREE other men Living HOLLY'S TEARS Holly Willoughby breaks down as This Morning guest reveals her agony after her son died from sepsis TV & Showbiz Net a Porker ASOS is selling a silver choker with the word 'sausage' on it ... and people are baffled Living ONLINE HORROR Heartbroken mum reveals how she learned her daughter, 21, had died in a car crash by reading it on FACEBOOK Living Exclusive JAILBIRD BABY? Lauren Goodger 'confirms' she's PREGNANT in hastily deleted tweet TV & Showbiz THE REAL JURASSIC PARK Ice Age animals may soon roam the earth as dad and his son build a prehistoric safari park News chopper tragedy Millionaire couple among five members of the SAME family killed in Snowdonia helicopter crash on surprise… News Dawson who? This Morning viewers left cringing at awkward interview with Dawson's Creek actor James Van Der Beek TV & Showbiz Just Published ALL ABOARD! A look back at the golden age of steam as the Flying Scotsman officially reopens the Settle–Carlisle line today Travel WOULD YOU EAT PLANE FOOD EVERY DAY? This woman tastes in-flight meals for a living... and DOESN'T hate her job Travel 'No f****** way' Gordon Ramsay says he'll NEVER eat in-flight meals on a plane, as he knows where the food has been Travel SCHOOL OF LIFE This mum is taking her two daughters out of school for a year-long trip round the world Travel WIDE-SCREEN VIEWS World's largest plane window measuring 4.5ft by 1.5ft will start to appear on jets from 2018 Travel ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS THAT HOUSE! Inside Mariah Carey's incredible £20m holiday home Travel ALL ABOARD What is The Flying Scotsman and when will it visit the Settle to Carlisle line and the Bluebell Railway? Travel Why Brexit will be GOOD for British tourism The industry is already thriving thanks to the leave vote Travel Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
CBS News Logo CBS News News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log in/out Search CBSN Toggle video By William Harwood CBS News March 30, 2017, 9:09 AM Astronaut Peggy Whitson sets spacewalk record Peggy Whitson, top, and Shane Kimbrough, left, work at the outboard port of the Tranquility module to install micrometeroid shields over an exposed port.  NASA Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Mar 30, 2017 3:15 PM EDT Space station commander Shane Kimbrough and Peggy Whitson, setting a new record as the world’s most experienced female spacewalker, floated outside the International Space Station Thursday and continued ongoing work to set up a second docking port for U.S. crew ferry ships. They also installed an upgraded computer relay box and attach protective shielding before calling it a day. One of the shield segments being installed on a vacant port managed to escape its tether, floating away before the astronauts noticed. “Peggy, I don’t have a shield,” Kimbrough radioed, surprised. “What?” “Yeah, I don’t have a shield,” he repeated. “Where is it?” Whitson asked. “Ah, it is right by the radiator. It is moving station zenith, maybe half a foot a second and it’s going, looks like straight zenith from the radiator angle.” Play Video CBS Evening News Living Stronger: Astronaut Peggy Whitson breaking records and pushing boundaries When Peggy Whitson returns to Earth this spring, she will set a record for the most time in orbit of any NASA astronaut, man or women -- over 534... The micrometeoroid shield was one of four being installed on the Tranquility module’s outboard port. Flight controllers quickly determined it posed no threat of recontacting the station and after conferring on the ground, engineers suggested the astronauts make up for the lost panel by installing a thermal shield they had just removed from a docking port extension. They did that, and completed the rest of their objectives before returning to the station’s Quest airlock, repressurizing the compartment and ending the seven-hour four-minute spacewalk at 2:33 p.m. EDT (GMT-5). “Thank you guys, you did an amazing job, you had to deal with, obviously, the issue early on and came up with a great plan,” Kimbrough radioed flight controllers. “We really enjoyed working with you guys, it was an honor to be part of the team. Thanks to everybody.” “Shane, thank you for the words,” astronaut Anne McClain replied from mission control at the Johnson Space Center. “We certainly appreciate the work you both have done over the last couple of hours and your problem solving skills to get the mission accomplished.” Floating in the Quest airlock, Kimbrough and Whitson switched their spacesuits to battery power at 7:29 a.m. to officially kick off U.S. EVA-41, the second NASA spacewalk in one week. This was the 199th EVA in station history, the fourth so far this year, the sixth for Kimbrough and the eighth for Whitson. Four hours and 22 minutes into the excursion, Whitson, a veteran of two earlier long-duration station visits, set a new record for cumulative spacewalk time by a female astronaut, surpassing Sunita Williams’ mark of 50 hours and 40 minutes. When the spacewalk concluded, Whitson’s total EVA time stood at 53 hours and 22 minutes, moving her up to fifth on the list of most experienced spacewalkers. Peggy Whitson, left, fellow spacewalker Shane Kimbrough, right, and French astronaut Thomas Pesquet, center, pose during preparations for a spacewalk Thursday. Whitson set a new record during her eighth EVA, becoming the world’s most experienced female spacewalker. NASA NASA is in the process of setting up a second docking port on the station to accommodate visits by commercial crew ferry ships being built by Boeing and SpaceX. One port already is in place on the front of the station’s forward Harmony module. Last week, during during a spacewalk by Kimbrough and European Space Agency astronaut Thomas Pesquet, cables connecting a docking port extension on the outboard port of the Tranquility module were disconnected. Over the weekend, flight controllers at the Johnson Space Center used the station’s robot arm to move the extension, known as pressurized mating adapter No. 3, or PMA-3, from Tranquility to the upper port of Harmony. A docking mechanism will be attached to the outboard end of the tunnel late this year or early next. During today’s spacewalk, Whitson hooked up heater cables and remove a thermal cover from PMA-3 while Kimbrough installed an upgraded computer relay box in the station’s power truss. Both spacewalkers then worked to install four protective shields over Tranquility’s outboard port where PMA-3 had been attached. It was during that work that Kimbrough noticed one of the folded panels had escaped. The spacewalkers then retrieved the thermal shield Whitson had removed from PMA-3 earlier and used cables and clamps to hold it in place over the Tranquility port, filling in the gap left by the lost panel. Once that work was done, the astronauts returned to PMA-3 and installed a different set of shields around the base of the extension where it connects with Harmony’s upper port. Whitson and Pesquet are officially scheduled to carry out another spacewalk April 6, but needed equipment is awaiting launch aboard an Orbital ATK Cygnus cargo ship that has been grounded by work to repair hydraulic lines in the freighter’s Atlas 5 rocket. In the meantime, Kimbrough, Soyuz MS-02 commander Sergey Ryzhikov and flight engineer Andrey Borisenko are scheduled to return to Earth on April 10, landing on the steppe of Kazakhstan to close out a 173-day mission. The next spacewalk is not expected until after two fresh crew members -- Soyuz MS-04 commander Fyodor Yurchikhin and flight engineer Jack Fischer -- arrive on April 20. But whenever the next spacewalk takes place, Whitson is expected to move up to No. 3 on the list of world’s most experienced spacewalkers with a total time of about 59 hours over nine EVAs. Only cosmonaut Anatoly Solovyev and former astronaut Mike Lopez-Alegria have more time outside, with 68 and 67 hours of EVA time respectively. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email William Harwood Bill Harwood has been covering the U.S. space program full-time since 1984, first as Cape Canaveral bureau chief for United Press International and now as a consultant for CBS News. He covered 129 space shuttle missions, every interplanetary flight since Voyager 2's flyby of Neptune and scores of commercial and military launches. Based at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Harwood is a devoted amateur astronomer and co-author of "Comm Check: The Final Flight of Shuttle Columbia." Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Poisoned Prisoner 760 Tortured at Guantanamo, former inmate finds forgiveness Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Viewers react to Marine Le Pen's vision of France Play Video Attack in Garland Play Video Fake News Play Video Chess Country Play Video Senate's Russia hearing Play Video Trump tweetstorm Play Video HB2 is repealed Play Video U.S. Syria policy Play Video South Sudan food aid Previous Next Audio Gallery: David Bowie, Barbra Streisand among additions to National Recording Registry 27 Photos Hundreds arrested in Russia protests 32 Photos Wonder Woman through the years 44 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 33 Photos Spectacular spring flowers Previous Next Most Discussed After Trump threat, Freedom Caucus fires back House GOP cancels vote on health care bill Mulvaney says if you're worried about health care cuts, change your state Trump signs executive order dismantling Obama environmental regulations GOP health care failure will make tax reform much harder New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Home Radio TV Ghana Contact Login Login Forgot Password New User ! REGISTER.. FEATURED STORY Nkrumah Not The Founder Of Ghana – Mike Oquaye... OnAIR NEWS SPORTS AFRICA WORLD OPINIONS POLITICS BUSINESS DIASPORA LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT REAL ESTATE CLASSIFIEDS MEDIA MEMBERS Inside Africa Nigeria Egypt Libya Uganda Congo Liberia Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa OnAIR Columns Archive Air Djibouti Pilot Becomes First African To Fly Solo Around The World...Pilot Completes Final Leg Of His Journey To Make History 20 hours ago | Africa By Air Djibouti  0  Washington DC, 29 March 2017: A pilot for Air Djibouti has become the first African pilot in history to fly solo around the world. Ademilola "Lola" Odujinrin completed the final leg of his historic journey this afternoon, landing safely at Washington Dulles International Airport. The pilot has completed the entire circumnavigation in a Cirrus SR22, stopping in more than 15 countries on five continents, returning to Washington DC, where his journey began back in September. The flight is part of Project Transcend, a foundation which aims to inspire young people to achieve their goals regardless of their personal circumstances. Lola says: “Ever since I was a child, I dreamed of one day flying around the world. We have a responsibility to lead by example and follow our dreams. I want African children to think: 'I can do this too!'." I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to Air Djibouti’s Chairman, Aboubaker Omar Hadi, and Cardiff Aviation’s Chairman, Bruce Dickinson, who have supported me throughout this journey. Without them this would not have been possible.” Both formed part of a high-level delegation to welcome the historic aviator on the tarmac at Dulles Airport, including: His Excellency Mr. Mohamed Siad Doualeh', Ambassador of Djibouti to the United States, Mr. Dawit Michael Gebre-ab, Senior Director of Strategic Planning for Djibouti Ports & Free Zones Authority (DPFZA), and Mr. Moussa Houssein and COO of Air Djibouti. Other distinguished guests included the CEO Africa World Press, which plans to publish a book on the journey. Lola has logged over 4,000 hours as a commercial Boeing 737 pilot, since earning his pilot licence six years ago. Aboubaker Omar Hadi, Chairman of Air Djibouti, says: “By supporting initiatives like Lola’s flight around the world, Air Djibouti hopes to inspire a new generation of pilots in Africa and help to pave the way for the aviation industry to thrive in the region. “The benefits will be felt within the region, as this will encourage more intra-African trade and sustainable economic development. With the commencement of the Single African Air Transport Market (SAATM) set for June 2017, air travel in the continent is positioned to grow rapidly and become a key contributor to the region’s economic and social development.” Globally, the aviation industry represents a massive opportunity for African economies to play a larger role/ It is estimated that 2017 alone will see approximately 4 billion airline passengers worldwide as well as over 50 million tonnes of cargo being transported by air. Air Djibouti is a venture owned 100% by the government of Djibouti. Djibouti Ports and Free Zone Authority (DPFZA) is the governmental body overseeing ports in the country. The organization also oversees the national free trade zones, serving as a liaison between the companies working therein and other government agencies. Air Djibouti’s activities were relaunched in May 2015. The management of the airline was entrusted to UK based Cardiff Aviation, led by Mr. Bruce Dickinson. Djibouti International Free Trade Zone (DFITZ) is a mega-free trade zone project in Djibouti which aims to become the biggest in Africa. The initial phase of 250 hectares will be operational by the summer 2017, with planned expansion to more than 4800 hectares. Cardiff Aviation is a fully-approved and certified MRO and pilot training company based at St Athan - Cardiff Airport Aerospace Enterprise Zone in South Wales, United Kingdom. Operating from a former RAF maintenance base equipped with 6,000ft ILS runway and parking for up to 20 narrow-bodied airliners, Cardiff Aviation can conduct MRO work on aircraft of almost any size, including Boeing 757s and Airbus 320s. COMMENTS  View Comments  Add Comment Do you have an story for publication? Please email it to [email protected]  0  I SAW THE END BEFORE WE STARTED. By: FRANCIS TAWIAH , More Quotes Submit Quotes LATEST POPULAR COMMENTS Ghana should be fighting against ECG concession – Steve Mant Don’t go to court – Joe Ghartey committee tells Osei-Owusu 14-year old girl defiled by five men at Nkawkaw undergoes tr UMB injects $100m in 1-disrtict, 1-factory project Trump boosts US military authority for Somalia fighting Chaos in parliament; We'll fight for MPs' rights, privileges Dr. Ernest Addison is new BoG Governor ‘I apologise if you say I should’ – ‘Defiant’ Ayariga to Spe Boakye Agyarko, Osei Owusu, Muntaka cleared of bribery ARCHIVE GET MORE Hackman condemns 'unthinkable' GHc 70,000 salary for COCOBOD Video: Mahama’s India gods Failed Him In 2016 Election – Pro Nkrumah not the founder of Ghana – Mike Oquaye Fire guts Metro Mass bus en route to Cape Coast ‘Majority Of Ministers Took Mahama To A Shrine’ John Dumelo Hot Over Missing Cars Airtel Presents Ghc 65,000 To Wo Mmerƹ Nie Promotion Winners Akufo-Addo attends Africa CEO Forum in Geneva Macroeconomic performance to influence policy rate- Prof. Qu MOST POPULAR Dr. Ernest Addison is new BoG Governor Boakye Agyarko, Osei Owusu, Muntaka cleared of bribery ‘I apologise if you say I should’ – ‘Defiant’ Ayariga to Spe You can spend $500m on ECG without any improvement - Bentil Freeze on purchase of cars: Ablakwa hints of gov't deceit Task force accused of stealing former dep. Minister's gold Joe Ghartey committee rubbishes Ayariga’s bribery claims Nana Addo to begin 3 -day ‘Thank You’ tour in Ashanti tomorr I Got Into Politics To ‘Nail’ Rawlings Down – Mustapha Hami HAVE YOUR SAY News News headlines General News Education Crime/Punishment Social Affairs Press Releases Regional News Health News Sports Sport News Premier League CAN 2013 CAN 2012 CAN 2010 CAN 2008 Worldcup 2010 Worldcup 2014 Politics Elections 2012 Elections 2008 CPP News NPP News NDC News PNC News PPP News Diaspora UK & Ireland United States Canada Germany Switzerland Netherlands Italy France Real Estate Homes For Sale Uncompleted Houses Bargain Houses Luxury Houses House For Rent Unserviced Plots Serviced Plots Entertainment News Online Radio Watch TV Photo Gallery Audio Releases Music Albums Video Clips Africa Nigeria Egypt Libya Uganda Congo Liberia Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa Opinions Columnists Featured Articles Opinions Editorial Letters Critics Commentaries Have Your Say Polls & Surveys Business Business News Real Estate Classifieds Business Directory Website Directory Book Directory LifeStyle Health Beauty/Fashion Family/Parenting Health/Fitness Home/Food Poetry Relationships Social Issues Women Issues Classifieds Announcements Business Services Jobs/Employment Computers/Software Car/Trucks Friendships/Penpals Datings/Relationship Members All Profiles Female Profiles Male Profiles Hot Or Not Home About us Contact Us Feedback Ghana Online Radio Online TV Advertise RSS Feeds Site Map Partners Links Terms of use Privacy Policy All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. 2005-2017 © Copyright ModernGhana.com
CLOSE Daily News Business IT&Online Politics Justice Social Legal People Entertainment Culture Events Cinema Charities Sports Discover Romania Travel Planner Famous RO RO entrepreneurs History & Holidays RO Music RO Art & Culture Language Experience Romania Food Restaurant Review Film Review Expat Life Expat Profile In town Practical Romania Expat Interviews Careers in RO Community Voice Opinion Advice Intercultural 9 °C Bucharest Mar 31, 10:06 Advertise here About Us Team Editorial Advertising & Media Services Guest Writers Contact Editorial Advertising & Media Services Admin Press review in English Sign in / Register LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Daily News Business IT&Online Politics Justice Social Legal People Entertainment Culture Events Cinema Charities Sports Discover Romania Travel Planner Famous RO RO entrepreneurs History & Holidays RO Music RO Art & Culture Language Experience Romania Food Restaurant Review Film Review Expat Life Expat Profile In town Practical Romania Expat Interviews Careers in RO Community Voice Opinion Advice Intercultural Google SearchSearch this website daily news business Three US defense giants interested in equipping Romanian army 30 Mar 2017 by Romania Insider Leave a comment Three major North-American corporations with operations in the defense industry have announced their interest to equip the Romanian army. Representatives of General Dynamics, Bell Helicopter and The Boeing Company met yesterday with Romanian economy minister Mihai Tudose, according to a press release from the institution. Tudose said that they have identified “opportunities to develop concrete joint projects in the defense industry and attract investment that can create new jobs.” Only one of these projects has been made public so far. Romania could acquire AH-1 Z attack helicopters, produced by Bell Helicopters. The U.S. firm and Romanian helicopter producer IAR, which is owned by the Economy Ministry, signed a memorandum for this in May 2016. However, the partnership was criticized by the French firm Airbus Helicopters, which recently opened a plant in Romania and also hopes to get a contract for equipping Romania’s defense forces. U.S. companies hand Romanian PM “roadmap to prosperity”, aimed at strengthening commercial relations Airbus Helicopters: Ghimbav plant needs contract with the Romanian state editor@romania-insider.com Romania Insider Search on the web You might also be interested in these stories photoPrince Charles tries traditional Romanian dance during Bucharest Village Museum visit 30 Mar 2017politics Romanian director to preside jury of film festival in Italy 26 Mar 2017cinema Romania’s seaside resort Constanta could host a festival similar to Untold 27 Mar 2017entertainment Bucharest resident files complaint for assault by cab driver over paying only the metered price 26 Mar 2017daily news Romanian Communist-era prison commander gets final 20-year jail sentence 29 Mar 2017Justice Several Romanian gamblers use hour change to win the lottery 28 Mar 2017social Facebook Comments Romania Insider Newsletter Get your daily dose of Romania. From Our Partners (P) International School of Bucharest Invites You to Primary School Open... 21 Feb 2017 / Advertorials ISB Primary School will be welcoming visitors old and new on Wednesday 8th March from 8:30 AM to 10:30 AM. Come along and find out more... (P) Join the 1st edition NRCC-BRCC Night of the SMEs 2017 in Cluj, 23rd... Advertising - 21 Feb 2017 (P) British School of Bucharest – Scholarships for the 2017-2018 Academic Year Advertising - 16 Feb 2017 (P) ROLANG School organizes the 7th edition of the Romanian language summer school in... Advertising - 6 Feb 2017 Six things that will help find reliable info on Romania in the post-truth world Romania Insider - 2 Feb 2017 Top Articles U.S. companies hand Romanian PM “roadmap to prosperity”, aimed at strengthening... 29 Mar 2017 IKEA study: Most Bucharesters turn off the light when they’re not... 29 Mar 2017 Romanian city hosts opening round of 2017 Tour European Rally in... 29 Mar 2017 Hercules Trophy corporate team challenge comes to Romania this summer 26 Mar 2017 Romanian Government goes after state companies’ financial reserves 30 Mar 2017 Education in Romania (P) International School of Bucharest Invites You to Primary School Open... 21 Feb 2017 / Advertorials ISB Primary School will be welcoming visitors old and new on Wednesday 8th March from 8:30 AM to 10:30 AM. Come along and find out more... (P) British School of Bucharest – Scholarships for the 2017-2018 Academic Year Advertising - 16 Feb 2017 (P) ROLANG School organizes the 7th edition of the Romanian language summer school in... Advertising - 6 Feb 2017 (P) King’s Oak British International School – caring for others Advertising - 14 Oct 2016 (P) A School in an Oak Forest Advertising - 13 Oct 2016 Contact About Us Advertise here Get Press Review Demo editorial guidelines testimonials terms and conditions privacy policy Consumer’s protection – ANPC Business Insider SRL is a carrier of data with personal character, registered in the "Registrul de Evidenta a Prelucrarilor de Date cu Caracter Personal" with the no. 28263. © 2016 City Compass Media and/or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More Want to be up to speed with what's happening in Romania? We'll send your first batch of news for the day directly to your inbox. Subscribe to our mailing list Romania Insider Daily distribution list I also want to receive the weekly newsletter from City Compass with events & recommendations
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Northrop Maintenance for U.S. Surveillance Plane Dogged by Flaws by Anthony Capaccio @ACapaccio More stories by Anthony Capaccio March 30, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT Air Force says Joint Stars contractor took casual approach Inspections find that many bolts were incorrectly installed Joint Stars aircraft in Iraq. Photographer: Suzanne Jenkins/U.S. Air Force via Getty Images Northrop Grumman Corp.’s performance on its $7 billion contract to maintain the U.S.’s top aircraft for ground surveillance has been dogged by quality failings, according to a new Air Force review. Poor quality was found on six of seven of the contractor’s Joint Stars aircraft that were inspected after the Air Force review raised questions about Northrop procedures. The service initiated the review after $7.3 million in water damage to radar was discovered in July on a plane that had just been returned from the company’s maintenance depot. The Air Force concluded Northrop personnel were responsible. Joint Stars -- short for the Joint Surveillance and Target Attack Radar System -- is a Boeing Co. 707-300 airframe that Northrop equipped with radar, sensors and moving-target indicators. The 16 planes have been used since the 1991 Gulf War to monitor enemy ground movements and pass along locations for airstrikes and intelligence. The aircraft are now flying over Iraq monitoring Islamic State terrorists. Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up The review determined that quality issues at Northrop’s maintenance depot in Lake Charles, Louisiana, began to emerge in 2015, Air Force spokesman Daryl Mayer said in email. Northrop personnel on numerous occasions improperly installed bolts and failed to follow technical manuals, according to the Air Force. The service plans to inspect all of the aircraft by year’s end. While none of the deficiencies posed immediate danger to Joint Stars crews, they signaled potential safety problems, the officials said. ‘Casual Approach’ Colonel Darien Hammett, leader of the review team, said there was a “casual approach to quality on the contractor’s side because they didn’t have the processes in place that they needed.” “Installing a bolt incorrectly was something that we saw a lot more often than we would have expected to,” Hammett said. “Finding one non-conformance is bad enough,” Colonel Ray Wier, a Joint Stars program official, said in an interview. Wier said “in some areas there’s probably no impact if it’s not in flight-safety critical regions” but it could be significant if bolts were installed poorly in flight controls or a plane’s landing gear. General Ellen Pawlikowski, chief of the Air Force Materiel Command who recommended the review after learning of more quality issues, said in an email it “validated that we and the contractor can do better to support the JSTARS fleet, an aging fleet with capabilities that are in very high demand.” The Air Force opened a $7 billion contest in December to buy replacement aircraft that is likely to pit Northrop Grumman against Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp. Until a replacement is deployed, the Joint Star’s age will complicate Northrop’s maintenance challenge, officials said. Northrop’s Commitment Tim Paynter, a Northrop spokesman, said in an email that the contractor “remains steadfast in its commitment to quality and safety to ensure the high demand Joint STARS fleet is mission-ready for America’s warfighters.” He said improvements have been made since the July water damage incident. But Northrop hasn’t offered to pay for the $7.3 million in radar damage, Air Force program manager Steve Wert said in an email. The Air Force is reviewing its options to recover the money, he said. Northrop is performing maintenance on Joint Stars aircraft under a $7 billion “total system support contract” awarded in September 2000 that had a six-year base with 16 annual options. It was paid about $1.1 billion from May 2011 to October 2015 for work on the surveillance planes, according to the Pentagon’s inspector general, who issued a critical report in November on the Air Force’s management of the contract. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Now the World's Second Richest Person This Is Why Australia Hasn't Had a Recession in Over 25 Years This Chinese Stock Soared 4,500% on Nasdaq and No One Knows Why FBI Visits Office of Saipan Casino Run by Trump Protege SpaceX Pulls Off First Reused Rocket Mission in Musk Triumph Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Fearless Muckraking Since 1993 Home Articles Recent Articles Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Subscribe Subscriber Access Subscribe Donate Archives Search Authors About JOIN LIST Books T-shirts podcasts FAQs March 30, 2017 What Must be Done in the Time of Trump by William R. Polk by Tweet Email Photo by Daniel Lobo | CC BY 2.0   Here I will suggest what seem to me to be the major categories of challenges men who care about the country face, but before I do, let me frankly state my position:  I think the Democratic Party leaders had it coming to them.  Obama’s rhetoric raised hopes but then he did far too little to meet the expectations.  Those of us who had lived in the same environment in Chicago foresaw his passivity in the White House; it was already evident in community meetings.  He was never a determined advocate. From his first foray into politics, he concentrated on image rather than action.   However, I voted for him both because the other choice was unattractive and because by simply being elected he was pushing the agenda of American freedom. Thereafter, I think almost everyone was disappointed.  Several of your respondents have detailed the record so I will skip it here.  Then came Hillary.  Even those of us who favor equality for women found it hard to stomach her activities.  The only thing many found compelling about supporting her was that she was not Trump.  Had the Democrats put forward an attractive candidate we would not today have Trump. A “Trump” is always on offer in every political system.  As James Madison telling wrote in his essay, Federalist X, “Men of factious tempers, of local prejudices or of sinister designs, may, by intrigue, by corruption, or by other means first obtain the suffrages, and then betray the interests, of the people.”  American history records a number of them.  Just take two: In recent times, Richard Nixon sought to prolong the Vietnam war in order to win the presidency, Ronald Reagan or his team sought to delay the release of hostages in Iran similarly in order to win his election.  The threat of war is nearly always a sure winner in elections.  The film Wag the Dog is closer to being a documentary than we would like. So here we are.  What is important now, I think, is to develop a clear strategy to employ in the coming four years.  But, I find that most of us are thinking with our hearts instead of our heads and/or confusing our annoyance at what Trump is doing with what we need to do to right the Ship of State.  Annoyance is satisfying but ultimately insufficient. So what needs to be done?  Here I suggest are some of the categories for action in the coming four years.  We must not just pout.  We must think with our heads and get together and reform not Trump, who is probably not capable of being reformed, but ourselves and reassert our institutions and our fundamental credo. First, it seems to me that what the ACLU, some judges and some of the states are doing is a necessary first step.  Where actions exceed the law, they must be stopped.  We cannot allow a slide into actions or positions that will be difficult, once set up, to dismantle or reverse.  But, however necessary, such moves are insufficient.  They must be carried on vigorously but they must not make us relax in the belief that judges or other citizens will do the job for us.  As Harry Truman famously said of his role, “the buck stops here.” It stops with us.  Or as John Donne more poetically put it, “…send not to know, For whom the bell tolls, It tolls for  thee” It tolls for us.  Nor are restraints sufficient; we need to take affirmative action on our institutional arrangements.  Having been taught again, as the Founding Fathers tried to teach us,  their weaknesses, we must protect them. Second, we must find ways to reemploy neglected or atrophied institutions and engage new centers of influence.  Like many people who have studied other political cultures, I have been repeatedly struck by the inherent flexibility and resilience that our complexity has given to American society.   It begins with our ruling institutions.  Deeply influenced by Montesquieu’s De l‘Espirit des Lois, the Founding Fathers sought to divide governmental power into three parts.  As Montesquieu  had warned (Book One, Part 6) “When the legislative and executive powers are united in the same person, or in the same body of magistrates, there can be no liberty…”  That was the prime consideration of the men who wrote the Constitution.  They realized that it might not work; what they were putting together some called “an experiment.”  They expected that it would come under attack by ambitious and immoral men. Today, President Trump appears, at least temporarily, to have gained control over two organs of government and perhaps will reconfigure the Supreme Court to abide by his decisions. If this amalgamation of power is allowed to continue,  there appears reason to believe that, as Montesquieu continued, “the life and liberty of the subject [citizen] would be exposed to arbitrary control.” This is the structural challenge we face today, but there is a deeper sense of agreement  in which we can draw hope for a return to the divisions built into our Constitution.  Over the generations since the Founding Fathers analyzed the American society and prescribed a formula under which we could live together, we have multiplied the separate activities and groups that form our society. Individually, these groups and activities are often small, marginal or weak, but in the aggregate they weave social fabric of great strength.  Even more to the point, one or other, sometimes several,  of the various groups – churches, synagogues, mosques, labor unions, discussion clubs, professional societies and others –touch us all.  We need to help them identify common causes.  This is partly an external task – education, advocacy and example – but it is also in part a semi-automatic process that arises from perception of self-interest. Let me give what might become a typical but so far unengaged example:  the professional society of scholars of the Middle East, MESA.  As a group, the 3,000 or so members are not very influential, and have never been politically active,  but they are scattered across America and many take part in local committees on public and foreign affairs.  They hold a yearly meeting in which younger scholars can demonstrate their work and seek job opportunities.  This year, they find that current policies make it difficult to meet.  If they meet in America, as they always have, some of the members may not be able to attend; if they meet abroad, some members may not be able to return.  In protest, they considered postponing or canceling their meeting.    Had they done so, it would have been a small gesture, but it might have been replicated by dozens of professional groups throughout the country and some of which have active public outreaches. They decided to take more direct action:  they joined with other disturbed groups to bring action in court to ask the Federal Court in Maryland to block the executive order banning entry for residents of seven Middle Eastern countries.  This sort of action may be replicated by other groups in the coming months as each begins to see its interests imperiled by president decree. Third, we need to review the structure of the electorate.  The Trump revolution was made possible not only in the more visible (and vocal) pronouncements and edicts on which the media was (and still is) concentrating, but structurally at the state and local level. Gerrymandering of districts, to which the Democratic Party stalwarts seem to have been oblivious, virtually destroyed proportional representation in much of the country.  The latest, as I write, come in Georgia where state authorities are so recasting election districts as to diminish representation of blacks. Dismantling the current layout will be a hard struggle, but unless districting is at least partly returned to the status quo ante there is little chance for better representation.  The Democratic Party been treated to, and acquiesced in, what amounts to assisted suicide. Fourth,  the flow of money into politics.  Institutionally, America has become a political market.  We put the country up for rent every two years.  Our paid employees, our representatives, spend a large part of their time, many spend almost all their time, importuning, soliciting or prostituting themselves. Some vote according to belief or conscience, but it is hard to escape the impression that the Congress as a whole is literally a whorehouse.  Almost everyone’s vote – his “service” — can be bought. Lobbyists for special interest groups have a clear-eyed view:  they know the price of each member. As long as this system is unchallenged it will result in such egregious legislation as that forcing agencies of  the Executive to purchase goods and services at inflated prices or to buy more than they believe they need. Much worse is the political effect. The members by and large do not represent those who sent them to Washington but those who hire them when they arrive. Those who benefit from the largess of special interests will have little incentive to reform, unless or until the public is mobilized to demand that the public weal be put into play. Bringing about that transformation is partly a matter of education of the public.  Some of the issues that must be ventilated are or should be simple to explain:  would anyone knowingly hire a person who helps steal his money? Put that way, in simple terms, people might slowly come to understand that it is their money, their houses, their health, their jobs and their liberty that is being taken.  It is notable that while Mr. Trump keeps emphasizing that he is making America great the budget he has laid out diminishes the well-being of the vast majority of Americans.  Income of the lower and middle income groups has fallen and will fall further if his program is implemented while benefits to the upper 1% are increased.  When the public, including his supporters, grasp that single fact, they might be, should be, motivated to demand a change of course. Achieving that understanding will require education in civic virtue as the Founding Fathers knew.  So we had better get at it. But, no matter how skillfully or how energetically we push for public interest criteria in public policy, we have seen that the public often closes its collective eyes.  The public can be misled, manipulated or itself bought by special interests and propaganda.  Astonishingly, there has been no effective demand that the “robber barons,” as our grandfathers called them, be punished for illegal and disastrous actions that caused many people to lose their houses and their jobs.  The justice system rightly puts into jail a man who robs a store but none of those who virtually stole the country in financial scandals was even indicted. As a young man, I thought this was only a sign of the degeneracy of our times.  I thought that our elders and betters cared more for the country.  I was set strait one night when I sat at dinner next to the oldest attorney then practicing before the Supreme Court .  He was 90 and I was 40.  I put my observation on current malfeasance before him.  He laughed and said, “young man, when I was your age, no one would even have noticed.”  The Robber Barons didn’t even bother to hide.  From this and other evidence, I conclude that private greed and even private necessity is built into the system. The system we have evolved is built on money.  Even an honest, dedicated, civic minded legislator on the state or Federal level must, or believes he must, get the great amounts of money required to hire time on the media.  If he does not, he believes that he is sure to lose the election to one who raises more. Generally but not always the candidate is right.  There is a high correlation of money spent and electoral victory. Are there limits?   One aspect of the last election that may give a glimmer of hope is that, apparently, the public reacted against the Clinton campaign’s blatant commercialization.  Perhaps that glimmer can be focused. Indeed, others have focused it. Realizing the political trap the need for money sets, some countries, notably Canada, restrict the amount that can be spent on a campaign and others, notably England and France, limit the campaign span.  Attempts have been made in America to address this issue, but they are small scale and have been thwarted by the Supreme Court. A different approach was suggested in the discussion on the allotment of the airwaves which our fathers in the 1930s regarded as public property.  Over the years, these grants have been staked out as private property.  And the terms on which the grants were made have often lapsed or be denigrated.  The networks that sell “our” air waves profit by selling what was originally understood to be a national trust.   That may be reprehensible, but what is really important is that this usurpation has distorted the political process.   Attempts to provide alternatives like NPR were never adequately funded and now are marked for extinction.  This must be resisted.  We need access to diverse opinion and sufficient information to be able to carry out our civic responsibilities.   Probably little will be accomplished unless or until it becomes evident to the public that the current system is a dagger thrust into the body politic. We now have a sort of shield in the web but at least so far emails cannot compete with television. However, the existence of this alternate source of communication  gives us alternative sources of real-time information.  More important, it could give an opportunity to stake out measures of reform of the major media.  If we are to use that opportunity, we must begin to prepare for it by education. Doing so will be hard and difficult but there are useful precedents like the “Hutchins Commission on a Free and Responsible Press” that was created just after the Second World War.  Still extant are beacons of light in this field like the Neiman Foundation, the Columbia School of Journalism and various associations of newsmen.  They have small voices and will need help so again we must find them, listen to them and support them. Fifth, business:  President Dwight Eisenhower warned us against the Military-Industrial Complex – and we have added its call girl, Congress, to its ranks – but its ranks are not a phalanx.  Even in Eisenhower’s tenure, the massive forces of the arms industry were hurled against one another.  That was true because there was a limited amount of money to be divided.  Each behemoth wanted it all.  So as Eric Schlosser has pointed out in his study of the war business, Command and Control, “General Dynamics Corporation lobbied aggressively [for its product the missile] Atlas; the Martin Company, for Titan; Boeing for Minuteman; Douglas Aircraft for Thor; Chrysler, for Jupiter; and Lockheed, for Polaris…”  As the Founding Fathers thought, in division lies safety.  But then Eisenhower, growing weary, simply “agreed to fund all six.”  That has already been announced to be the policy of the Trump administration. Increased expenditure for all arms including an extra $1 trillion to upgrade and make more “usable” nuclear weapons.  Our best, perhaps our only, hope lies in fiscal restraint. A policy of fiscal restraint on “defense” will be extremely difficult to effect.  It may even be impossible.  The Department of Defense itself does not even know where the money goes. Duplication, over-charging, non-performance and waste are on such a scale and so prevalent that they are hardly even noticed.  No satisfactory audit has been performed for the last generation! The arms industry, Eisenhower’s military-industrial complex,  hardly needed to worry: it has not only bought the Congress directly  but has also shrewdly anchored itself in each Congressional district.  Companies working on government contracts have divided much of their procurement among communities so virtually every Congressional district is producing some piece of hardware.  Congressmen reasonably heed the demand of local businessmen who want to make a profit and local workmen who want “quality” and long-lasting jobs. In lush times, no one cares.  And even when an administration robs Peter (public works and beneficial social programs) to pay Paul (“defense”) few voices are heard.   Although bridges, dams, roads, schools and other public buildings are allowed to deteriorate, there is little public outcry.   Indeed, the aim of the current administration is to stop what little was being done in the last administration.  A few economists, some thinkers on public policy and even a large number of senior military officers have warned that this policy actually weakens America militarily and could lead to a  severe social and economic crisis, but, to no avail.  The Trump administration does not credit its critics and advisers and the public seems oblivious.   The fact that America already spends more on “defense” than the next eight of the big spenders to no apparent avail is greeted by demands to spend even more.  Sixteen years of war in Afghanistan, to take only one example, have killed a lot of people (both ours and “theirs”) but have brought neither peace nor security.  The old saying hits only a part of the current policy failure – “throwing good money after bad.”  Worse is evident:  hatred of America has spread far from Afghanistan, more people are being killed in more places, and sense of hostility among Americans has grown with a perceptible decline in the belief in and functioning of American democracy. All signs point to a further accentuation of this trend. Will anyone care?  The stock market is booming.  Unemployment has at least stabilized.  Some economists predict a “correction.”  But periodic down-turns affect mainly those who cannot defend themselves or who lack the means to recover rapidly.  Even major set-backs like the 2008 financial crisis in which many people lost their houses and/or their jobs have not been effective wake-up calls.  Few institutional or legal adjustments were made and the plight of the victims was soon forgotten, even, apparently to judge from the last election, by them.  It may take a truly devastating set-back like the Great Depression to wake us up.  Some warn that such an event may come, but probably not in the near-term.  Meanwhile, the public slumbers. Easier will be the task, I think, of convincing business leaders that the Trump “America First” policy is against their interests.  It is a truism that we live in an interconnected world, at least economically.  American business has long profited from cheap overseas labor.  As I read on my cell phone, my computer, even my underwear, the phrase “made in…” rarely ends with the word “America.” Although in my youth, “made in England” or wherever was a recommendation, some now see “made in China” as indicating the product should be set aside for a good American product.   But how could we sell our goods if we did not buy from others.   For many years, we operated on a principle of free trade.  Thus if, as Mr. Trump proposes, we batten down the hatches of trade and buy “only American,” we will quickly lose markets and in doing so will lose job opportunities at home.  Perhaps then both major corporations and skilled workers will begin to be willing to consider their real interests. Sixth, underneath all these feelings about foreigners is a deeper dilemma: we are all immigrants but are divided by tenure.  Some of us are very new; others descend from ancestors who “come over on the Mayflower.”  That division is very important in American society.  Crediting it has accentuated a very old and ugly aspect of the American experience.  We all talk about e pluribus unum but while we asserted it on the “macro” level of institutions, or at least symbolically in parades, we never really practiced it ourselves on the social level.  We have never been good at enjoyment of difference or even of tolerance among ourselves. In the early days in America, New England towns were so distrustful of one another that a family would have to get permission to invite even relatives living in other towns to visit; when people were thrown together, as in traveling, they clung to those with whom they shared beliefs, language, origin and class.  As one traveler described them at their most convivial, in taverns, little groups formed “parliaments” – groups that ‘spoke together,’ which is the original meaning of the word – apart from those who differed in any respect.  It would never have occurred to Protestants to speak or sit with Catholics or Jews. Italians and Irish might be allowed into the tavern,  but  Blacks and Indians would have been shot at the door.  Tolerance was not a familiar concept. Throughout much of American history, we have generally at least until lately followed our colonial custom.  We got rid of as many Indians as we could, we enslaved the blacks, segregated the Irish, Italians, Greeks and, of course such different looking and different dressing aliens as the Chinese.  When in doubt, during World War II, we packed the Nisi off to camps.  And we told everyone what my ancestors, the WASPs, thought of them by what we called them, Niggers, Wops, Greezers, Messakins, Chinks and Japs. The odd thing was that not only did we push them away but that they pushed themselves away.  But not only from us; they pushed away from their own cultural roots.  Let me bear witness. When I was a boy in Texas, I spent a year in a grammar school in the Mexican district of Fort Worth.   I was practically the only gringo, but I do not recall having ever heard a word of Spanish spoken.  Everyone in the school was ashamed of being Mexican.   Much later, in college, I volunteered to teach young Italian-Americans in a Boston settlement house.  When I read Pinocchio to them they could not believe that an Italian could write a book and when I took them to the Boston museum they were astonished to see Italian names under the great paintings.  To them, Italian was the old grandmother with her hairy lip, ugly, backward, un-American.  Even blacks tried desperately to “pass.”  Millions did.  The melting pot boiled away differences.  And those who could rushed to jump in.   It some ways, no doubt, this made for harmony, and it perhaps formed the basis for our belief in American exceptionalism, but it did not promote brotherly love. Far from brotherly love, we failed, notably I believe, to develop a sense of shared interests.  Individualism has remained a theme some of our ancestors brought with them from their homelands and others developed on the ever-expanding frontier or borrowed from those who homesteaded toward the west.  Little groups it is true helped one another raise the roof beams and joined to chase away or kill the Indians, but when it came to national interests, General George Washington found that even in the midst of battle, the militia troops had a habit of running away, occasionally without even firing their weapons.  Washington regarded them as cannon fodder.  And, despite our pride in the Spirit of ’76, it is more evident in retrospect than it was then.  As the chief engineer of the Continental Army, the French volunteer Louis Duportail, lamented, ”There is a hundred times more enthusiasm in any Paris cafe [for the American Revolution] than in all the colonies together.”  Many kept focused on their private aims, sold food and equipment to the British and starved Washington at Valley Forge; others found it more profitable (and safer) to kill Indians than to fight the British. This is not surprising:  we see it today among the formerly colonial peoples of Africa and Asia.  The growth of a national esprit de corps is a very slow process and as it develops it experiences many set-backs.  We see them glaringly in shaky regimes and “failed states.”   Often the newly liberated people come to feel nostalgia for the former regime.  The former colonial auxiliaries become oppressive armies and the former freedom fighters often become corrupt tyrants.  Post-revolutionary America hovered on the brink of anarchy and even today,  if we are honest,  we often see private greed often overwhelming national interest. Perhaps even more striking is our ambivalence about who we are and how we regard those who would join us.  Many of those who strongly support the current push to expel foreign workers also employ them.  They have good reason to do so because they often perform tasks that others do not do and/or work for wages that American citizens regard as exploitive.  This is an old pattern in the American economy. The push to “send them back where they came from” would be damaging to the rest of us.  As the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine found in a study published on September 21, 2016, Immigration is integral to the nation’s economic growth. The inflow of labor supply has helped the United States avoid the problems facing other economies [particularly Japan] that have stagnated as a result of unfavorable demographics, particularly the effects of an aging workforce and reduced consumption by older residents. In addition, the infusion of human capital by high-skilled immigrants has boosted the nation’s capacity for innovation, entrepreneurship, and technological change. Research suggests, for example, that immigrants raise patenting per capita, which ultimately contributes to productivity growth. The prospects for long-run economic growth in the United States would be considerably dimmed without the contributions of high-skilled immigrants. And: More than 40 million people living in the United States were born in other countries and almost an equal number have at least one foreign-born parent.  Together, immigrants and their children comprise almost one in four Americans. They are believed to have added about $2 trillion to the America’s economy during 2016. Moreover, they are not a flood tide of illegals breaking down the barriers.  Roughly, 1 million legal immigrants have arrived each year since 2001.  And, rather than pouring in by hordes, the illegal immigrants have been balanced by emigrants each year since 2009.   We have had in place for about half a century treaties and laws to extradite those who break our laws. In short, the public discussion on foreign workers is inaccurate and the thrust behind the policy proposed by President Trump would damage the American economy.  We are, after all, a nation of immigrants.  Our only real difference is the timing of our arrival.  We need to come to grips with the immigration issue both as a matter of economic well-being and, more important, as a matter of our civic health. Seventh, that greatest of our conservatives, the very symbol of Republicanism and the ultimate realist, Alexander Hamilton, set out his analysis of the danger to our system and his prescription of what to do about it.  On Monday, June 18, 1787 he addressed the delegates who were writing our Constitution.  As his associate but opposite number, that great liberal James Madison, recorded Hamilton’s thoughts (in  Notes of Debates in the Federal Convention of 1787),  Hamilton began by asserting that the aim of government was “the happiness of our Country.” Essential to achieving the stability and vigor of government that would contribute to happiness or at least well-being, Hamilton asserted, was “an active & constant interest in supporting” Government.  By that, he meant  that there must be “An habitual attachment of the people” to what aims to promote the public good.  As reported by Madison, he did not go into detail, but he clearly aimed at putting aside parochial or immediate satisfaction.  He was aware that the public will fracture on this issue:  A concern with the whole body politic is always in danger because the legislature will “represent all the local prejudices” of their constituencies. Not much could be expected from its members. But driving all the problems is human nature:   “Men love power.”  In the quest for power, they are likely to act not only against the national interest but even, out of ignorance of the covert aims and under the leadership of demagogues, against their own real interests. Hamilton did not count on an enlightened or engaged public.  He took what Plato thought of as an aristocratic view of the political process.   His objective and probably that of all of the members of the Constitutional convention to create a government made up not of the people but of the people the recently emerged colonials regarded as their aristocracy. Many, probably most, Americans today regard the Founding Fathers’ emphasis on white, wealthy, native-born, Anglo-Saxon Protestants as reprehensible. Today while we at least proclaim our dedication to democracy — made up of  the demos or common people as the Greeks defined democracy – the Founding Fathers opted for a different form of government.  Generally, Americans now find the lack of representation or even of concern for “people of color,” native Americans, ethnic minorities and the poor in the Constitutional convention wrong.  Fortunately, the drafters of that great document made it flexible and even vague so that it could be adapted to fit our evolving ideas. Of course, Hamilton could not have predicted our evolving ideas and probably would not have agreed with most of them.  His concern was rather different.  In the context of America in 1787, America was a failed state.  To save it was Hamilton’s aim.   That led him to emphasize structure.  He believed in strong government as the best protection of society.  His studies – and one of the striking features of the discussion at the Convention was the appreciation of other governmental systems — convinced him that the British had found the best balance of “public strength with individual security.”  That observation in itself showed the openness of his mind: after all, he should be credited with having saved Washington’s army from the British when it was on the point of being crushed and he remained Washington’s strong right arm.  Clearly, he was a man of strong convictions but also of an open mind.    Few statesmen in my lifetime would have dared make a similar acknowledgment of the virtues of an enemy. He coolly continued that “in every community where industry is encouraged, there will be a division of it into the few & the many.  Hence separate interest will arise.  There will be debtors & creditors &c. Give all the power to the many, they will oppress the few.  Give all power to the few, they will oppress the many.  Both therefore ought to have [sufficient] power, that each may defend itself agst  the other.”  This, he contended, must be built into the system and, to survive, the system could not depend on an unstable public mood. What Hamilton and the other delegates to that remarkable convention feared was precisely the rule of the incompetent (as they defined them) in the cause of the people.  They aimed, as I perceive it, for a government made up of the elite acting, as Lincoln later put it, “for the people.”  But, as I read their minds from afar, they could not so clearly say that.  Just as “populism” is today “in the air,” so then was “democracy.”   France was nearing the great and bloody revolution; the American union had fallen apart; the “people” had seen that their sacrifices had not brought the millennium.  Everyone was distressed.  There was even a mood to go back into the British empire.  As the yellow press would later use the phrase, “he public was “seething.”  They had to act quickly and to preserve what they saw as the essentials but to do so in a way that was palatable to the public. So they hit on a subterfuge:  elections for the House of representatives would be direct; elections for the Senate would be indirect through state legislatures and elections for the presidency would be the preserve of men who, they at least hoped, would speak for the national interest, a “college of electors.” That was not quite what Hamilton preferred, but he was sufficiently agreeable to it that he joined in the campaign to get the Constitution approved. Eighth,  Hamilton and Madison went from the Philadelphia Convention to organize the public mood to ratify the proposed Constitution.  No one then had conceived of political parties as we think of them today.  Rather there was a sense of colony or state interest and more generally of a division between the southern and northern populations.  A somewhat overlapping division was recognized between those who wanted a strong federal regime and those who feared it and wanted to preserve a decentralized system.  The one group, inspired by Alexander Hamilton, called themselves Federalists and, a few years later, their opponents, inspired by Thomas Jefferson, called themselves Democratic-Republicans. But these terms were in part misleading.  The collections of active men around Hamilton and later around Jefferson very little resembled what we think of as political parties today.  This is not surprising because the writers of the Constitution, and particularly Hamilton and Madison, were hostile to “faction.”  As Madison wrote in Federalist X, “Among the numerous advantages promised by a well-constructed Union, none deserves to be more accurately developed than its tendency to break and control the violence of faction…Complaints are everywhere heard from our most considerate and virtuous citizens…that the public good is disregarded in the conflicts of rival parties.”  This was the message that President George Washington sounded in his Farewell Address. However combinations or associations of the above description may now and then answer popular ends, they are likely, in the course of time and things, to become potent engines, by which cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men will be enabled to subvert the power of the people and to usurp for themselves the reins of government, destroying afterwards the very engines which have lifted them to unjust dominion… Let me now take a more comprehensive view, and warn you in the most solemn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party generally… The alternate domination of one faction over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge, natural to party dissension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism. The disorders and miseries which result gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the absolute power of an individual; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation, on the ruins of public liberty. But, as Washington expected, parties grew.   They were perhaps built into the system the Constitutional assembly had created as they were evolving in contemporary Britain.  But they were very far from what we today think of as the great corporations of the Democratic and Republican Parties, controlling the process of candidate selection at all levels and mustering vast amounts of money to sway and mobilize voters.  To my mind a sort of scale can be started when a member of my family, James K. Polk, surprisingly to the leadership, won the nomination, was elected and made his way to Washington:  he had to pay his own way and upon arrival had to make his own hotel reservation at his own expense. Those days are long past.  Now we have political parties that are virtual governments, waxing and waning with the times, but unlike the English parties never really totally out of office because of the divisions of our system into the myriad offices of towns, counties and states.  If one party loses control of the Senate or the Executive, it may still dominate the House of Representatives, governorships and legislatures of a number of states. Just as significant:  both the Democratic and Republican parties are essentially corporations, each with its own system of management and its own controlling figures.  Each is, in effect, a fourth division in the triad that the Founding Fathers imagined.  And each has pulled far from the concept they set out of our public life.   It seems to me that one way or another, during the coming four years, both Parties must be redefined and their corporate tendencies must be reined in.  Ninth,  I suggest is the need for an ombudsman. The built-in constraints to run-away and parallel government that existed at the end of the eighteenth century no longer exist.  Truth be told, they were factors of weaknesses of American society, technology and geography that no longer exist.  The comfortable division of power among the executive, legislature and judiciary has been breached.  Something is needed to get us back to the system that made American politics work, at least generally, as Hamilton wanted for “the happiness of our country.” Hamilton apparently thought that the College of Electors might perform this task.  Many believe that it has not.  But the core of the idea behind it remains.  This is only an idea, but it seems to me that something adaptation of it to the tasks of a sort of Council of Elders, is worth examining.  After all, such an idea and institution that has been recognized in human societies, long before we have any records. What might it entail.  Most employment of it has restricted it to Men and women beyond the age of ambition and who are assumed to have imbibed the spirit of their social and political system.  In small societies, as far as I have observed, they could count mainly on prestige to enforce their decisions if such decisions were seen as “right.”  In our very complex, diffuse and vast society, this would not work. Thus, such a group would have to have the power to indict acts of malfeasance.  This power was given to the Congress in the Constitution but has proven insufficient.  In our system as it has evolved, it falls in the Department of Justice but, although partially protected by allocation of powers to civil servants, it is a creature of the Executive which can be employed or silenced or rendered impotent.  The ombudsman should be able to circumvent or override the political use of the justice system. This is different from the court system Montesquieu and those of our Founding Fathers whom he influenced envisaged.  The courts have the power to undo what has already been done but cannot play the proactive task of heading off acts that could do great harm but have not yet come into play.   Nor can the occasional Special Prosecutors (as in Watergate); indeed, in various other dangerous undercutting of our system that occurred in recent years over actions in Vietnam  (delaying negotiation to influence the election of Nixon), Iran (delaying of the release of hostages to influence the election of Reagan), the winning administration was able to quash inquiry. Such an authority must, of course, have complete access to all necessary information and so be able to learn about false intelligence and malpractice. Thus it requires power of subpoena.  But, above all, it must have the public trust.  On the positive side, this means that it must have “voice” to speak directly to the public; on the negative side, it must be restricted to Constitutional issues to avoid being used to stifle differing opinions or to promote political factions. As I say, this is only an undeveloped idea and one which may be useful only in demonstrating the area of danger to our system, but it seems to me that discussion of it might be of value. Tenth,  the unstable public mood is most dangerous on the issue of war. My reading of American history convinces me that we are a warring people.  A fundamental feature of our national culture is fascination with war.  War is what enabled us to compensate for or, time after time to overcome, our differences.  The First World War integrated the German part of our society and the Second World War began the revolution that led Obama to the White House. Attitudes toward war have played crucial roles in our evolution.  They have energized our people, swept us across the Continent, gave us a taste of empire, enabled us to overcome powerful enemies.  But, they have also led to great wrongs and even greater dangers.  I suggest that we might think of war as being like a pistol.   Firing it is sometimes forced upon us, but, even kept in the holster, it can be used by ambitious leaders to shape or control our way of life.  Brought into play, it can threaten or destroy our civic culture. War is not a new challenge to our system nor is it uniquely American, but it is, I believe, so urgent an issue today that we must understand all of its ramifications and effects as fully as possible. More urgently, I suggest that it is basic to the what, consciously or unconsciously, will become the strategy of the Trump administration for at least the coming four years.  It is likely to come into play very soon – “saber-rattling” already sounds ominously.  Four years is a long time and the saber has been grasped by the administration and apparently is taken to be a solution to complex or intractable issues.  We can expect crises to follow one another with little pause.  However, interim events play out, I predict that war will be nearly certain when, as is likely,  Trump prepares for reëlection.  So at some length, let me consider war from two widely separated positions:  first, the way past tyrants have used it and, second,  the way our Founding Fathers feared it. Hermann Göring, a great practitioner in the art of destroying governments  and states, famously told his jailers after he could no longer play a lead role in the game of nations, how rulers can use war: “…of course the people don’t want war. Why should some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece? Naturally the common people don’t want war: neither in Russia, nor in England, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood. But after all it is the leaders of a country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy or fascist dictatorship, or a parliament or a communist dictatorship. Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the peace makers for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country.” War, as Göring saw it, is the trump card in the game of power politics. I turn back the clock to the Constitutional convention and listen again to Hamilton. Stability being Hamilton’s aim and a means to prevent ill-considered and unnecessary destructive action, Hamilton wanted both the Senate and the President to be elected “for life  or at least during good behaviour.”   He feared that if the President were periodically elected, he would use his power “to prolong [Madison’s emphasis] his powers [and] in case of  war, he would avail himself of the emergency, to evade or refuse a degradation from his place.”  In short, war could destroy the Republic and render inoperative the system the Founding Fathers were striving to put in place. Madison warned that “Constant apprehension of war has the same tendency to render the head too large for the body.  A standing military force, with an overgrown Executive will not long be safe companions to liberty.  The means of defense agst foreign danger have been always the instruments of tyranny at home.  Among the Romans it was a standing maxim to excite a war whenever a revolt was apprehended.  Throughout all Europe, the armies kept under the pretext of defending have enslaved the people.” How does one fall into war?   As Hamilton saw the process it depended on the positioning of a strong man in an unstable place.  Since even an enlightened people could be rushed into disastrous actions, the system must be formed in a way to obviate or lessen that danger. Hamilton read out to the Founding Fathers a list of his recommendations of which the sixth was that “The Senate [– not the fickle house or the ambitious president –] to have the sole power of declaring war.” There has been much discussion since that time over the words “declaring war.” That power, written into the Constitution as Article One, Section Eight, Paragraph 11 is separated from the actual control of combat in Article Two, Section Two, Paragraph 1 which designates that “The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual Service of the United States…” The question is where the two powers separate.  Can the Commander in Chief commit what amount to acts of war without war being “declared?”  This question remains with us today.  Listen to what those wise men thought: Pierce Butler of South Carolina wanted the President to have the power to declare as well as to carry out war since he “will have all the requisite qualities, and will not make war but when the Nation will support it.”  But, James Madison and Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts quickly “moved to insert ‘declare,’ striking out ‘make’ war; leaving to the Executive the power [only] to repel sudden attacks.”   They distrusted the Executive who, they apparently feared would thus gain powers that he could use for his own purposes rather than those of the nation.  Roger Sherman of Connecticut “thought it [the agreed wording, declare rather than make ] stood very well.  The Executive shd   be able to repel and not to commence war. ‘Make’ better than ‘declare’ the latter narrowing the power too much.”  Oliver Ellsworth remarked that “there is a material difference between the cases of making war and making peace.  It shd  be more easy to get out of war, than into it.” Constitutional lawyers disagree among themselves, but a reading of the sentiments of the Founding Fathers, at least as their memoirs, Madison’s account of the Constitutional Convention and the Federalist Papers suggest, there was a general fear that a standing or professional army would endanger and could destroy the civil government. Elbridge Gerry “thought an army dangerous in time of peace” and must be strictly limited .  The question then arose as to how the military could be limited. The delegate from Virginia, George Mason, argued that “limiting the appropriation of revenue [was] the best guard” against the aggregation of power by the military. James Madison commented that “…armies in time of peace are allowed on all hands to be an evil.”  The delegate of South Carolina, while arguing for the necessity of a standing army, urged that “The military shall always be subordinate to the Civil power, and no grants of money shall be made by the Legislature for supporting military Land forces, for more than one year at a time.” What has happened since those worthy citizens gathered justified Hamilton’s fears of presidential use of threat to build his own power and the widely-held sentiment that a professional army posed a danger to the civic system.  Most presidents since their time have sought to expand the role given them in the Constitution and many saw the military as the means to do so; the professional military establishment, naturally as the Founding Fathers predicted, wanted also to expand its role in governing the republic. None of the Founding Fathers could have foreseen the growth of what President Eisenhower called the military industrial complex although Alexander Hamilton, as I quoted him, foresaw the change that would come about when a society was industrialized.  He did not go so far, but it seems to me that what was implicit is that the leaders of industry would themselves become an extra-Constitutional power, as it were, a fourth branch of government.  Neither that transformation nor the enormous power given by control of the media and virtual corruption of what the Constitution treated as the first branch of the American government, the Legislature, could have been foreseen in 1787. Nor could anyone at that meeting in Philadelphia have foreseen, although Hamilton presciently warned of the quest for power by the Executive, of a situation like we face today where the separate branches of government have been effectively amalgamated and where what Hamilton would have seen as non- or even anti-systemic power could play such a powerful role. Nowhere is this role more powerful than in the ability of the president to initiate nuclear war.  For over half a century, we have lived with the danger that a chief executive could, without any restraint or advice, order a first strike on any target or targets throughout the world.  We have had instances when presidents were incapacitated (Wilson and Reagan) and even short of such extreme cases, all of us as individuals must be aware that there are days and nights when our judgment is impaired, headache, stomach upset, bout of flu, overindulgence, or other.  And some of us are given to bouts of anger or depression from time to time. I am certain that our Founding Fathers would have thought our total reliance on the continuous and never faltering good sense and morality of one man for, literally, the life of the Earth, is madness.  Somehow, despite all the complexity of the issue, some way must be found to bring this power into systematic control or, the odds are, that we will eventually suffer a catastrophic event. Getting our ship of state back under control is clearly a complex, even an all-consuming, challenge to the American people.  It comes at a time when all the massed forces of money, perception of danger, ambition, greed and ignorance are against the accomplishment of the task.  And, even beyond those is what the Founding Fathers realized was the greatest danger of all, the effect of war. Had they faced what we face today, I think they would have said that above all we must avoid war.  It could be the final blow in the struggle over American politics, civic culture and freedom.  And as that great English conservative Edmund Burke commented, “All that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing.” Whether or not we value our heritage, we cannot escape our own best interests. The “buck stops with us.” We had better use these next years to protect ourselves and the future of our society.  Let’s get at it. Join the debate on Facebook More articles by:William R. Polk next - previous - Enough of Russia! There’s an Epidemic of Despair in the US, CounterPunch Magazine Subscribe! 36 Pages, 6 Times a Year March 30, 2017 William R. Polk What Must be Done in the Time of Trump Howard Lisnoff Enough of Russia! There’s an Epidemic of Despair in the US Ralph Nader Crash of Trumpcare Opens Door to Full Medicare for All Carol Polsgrove Gorsuch and the Power of the Executive: Behind the Congressional Stage, a Legal Drama Unfolds Michael J. Sainato Fox News Should Finally Dump Bill O’Reilly Kenneth Surin Former NC Governor Pat McCory’s Job Search Not Going Well Binoy Kampmark The Price of Liberation: Slaughtering Civilians in Mosul Bruce Lesnick Good Morning America! William Binney and Ray McGovern The Surveillance State Behind Russia-gate: Will Trump Take on the Spooks? Jill Richardson Gutting Climate Protections Won’t Bring Back Coal Jobs Robert Pillsbury Maybe It’s Time for Russia to Send Us a Wake-Up Call Prudence Crowther Swamp Rats Sue Trump March 29, 2017 Jeffrey Sommers Donald Trump and Steve Bannon: Real Threats More Serious Than Fake News Trafficked by Media David Kowalski Does Washington Want to Start a New War in the Balkans? Patrick Cockburn Bloodbath in West Mosul: Civilians Being Shot by Both ISIS and Iraqi Troops Ron Forthofer War and Propaganda Matthew Stevenson Letter From Phnom Penh James Bovard Peanuts Prove Congress is Incorrigible Thomas Knapp Presidential Golf Breaks: Good For America Binoy Kampmark Disaster as Joy: Cyclone Debbie Strikes Peter Tatchell Human Rights are Animal Rights! George Wuerthner Livestock Grazing vs. the Sage Grouse Jesse Jackson Trump Should Form a Bipartisan Coalition to Get Real Reforms Thomas Mountain Rwanda Indicts French Generals for 1994 Genocide Clancy Sigal President of Pain Andrew Stewart President Gina Raimondo? Lawrence Wittner Can Our Social Institutions Catch Up with Advances in Science and Technology? March 28, 2017 Mike Whitney Ending Syria’s Nightmare will Take Pressure From Below  Mark Kernan Memory Against Forgetting: the Resonance of Bloody Sunday John McMurtry Fake News: the Unravelling of US Empire From Within Ron Jacobs Mad Dog, Meet Eris, Queen of Strife Michael J. Sainato State Dept. Condemns Attacks on Russian Peaceful Protests, Ignores Those in America Ted Rall Five Things the Democrats Could Do to Save Their Party (But Probably Won’t) Linn Washington Jr. Judge Neil Gorsuch’s Hiring Practices: Privilege or Prejudice? Philippe Marlière Benoît Hamon, the Socialist Presidential Hopeful, is Good News for the French Left Norman Pollack Political Cannibalism: Eating America’s Vitals Bruce Mastron Obamacare? Trumpcare? Why Not Cubacare? David Macaray Hollywood Screen and TV Writers Call for Strike Vote Christian Sorensen We’ve Let Capitalism Kill the Planet Rodolfo Acuna What We Don’t Want to Know Binoy Kampmark The Futility of the Electronics Ban Andrew Moss Why ICE Raids Imperil Us All March 27, 2017 Robert Hunziker A Record-Setting Climate Going Bonkers Frank Stricker Why $15 an Hour Should be the Absolute Minimum Minimum Wage Melvin Goodman The Disappearance of Bipartisanship on the Intelligence Committees CounterPunch Tells the Facts and Names the Names Published since 1996 Copyright © CounterPunch All rights reserved. counterpunch@counterpunch.org Mailing Address CounterPunch PO Box 228 Petrolia, CA 95558 Telephone 1(707) 629-3683 or 1(800) 840-3683 Editorial Jeffrey St. Clair, Editor Joshua Frank, Managing Editor Nathaniel St. Clair, Social Media Alexander Cockburn, 1941-2012 Business Becky Grant Business Manager counterpunchbiz@gmail.com Deva Wheeler Subscription and merchandise fulfillment counterpunchdeva@gmail.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Donate Donate via Paypal Search Recent Articles Top Stories Podcasts Subscribe Magazine – Current Issue Books Store Archives FAQs
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video and Photo AP Wire Nation and World Northwest Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Outdoors Babe Ruth Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business and Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for sale Houses for rent Cars Place a classified Advertising Connections Best of Mt.Ashland e-Edition Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition Subscribe Calendar Jobs Housing   Toggle navigation 34° News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Law Enforcement Schools Video & Photo Associated Press National Northwest Oregon Outdoors Wildfires Xtreme Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries View today's obituaries View all obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest Commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Multimedia Mt. Ashland Live Cam Klamath Countdown Galleries Videos Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business & Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation KU Magazine Best of the Basin Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for Sale Houses for Rent Cars Service Directory Place a Classifieds Local Legal Notices Oregon Legal Notices Website Advertising uReport XtremeOregon Close Photo via AP In this March 27, 1939 photo, provided by the University of Oregon Archives, Oregon's Bobby Anet, right, is presented the trophy by Big Ten Commissioner John Griffith, left, after Oregon defeated Ohio State 46-33 in the National Collegiate basketball tournament at Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill. featured top story Remembering the Tall Firs By ANNE PETERSON Associated Press 23 hrs ago (…) × Tired of seeing surveys on articles? If you are a subscriber, simply log in or Subscribe now! Photo via AP In this March 27, 1939 photo, provided by the University of Oregon Archives, Oregon's Bobby Anet, right, is presented the trophy by Big Ten Commissioner John Griffith, left, after Oregon defeated Ohio State 46-33 in the National Collegiate basketball tournament at Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill. The historical significance of Oregon’s return to the Final Four was not lost on coach Dana Altman. The Ducks face North C arolina in the national semifinals in Glendale, Ariz., Saturday. × Advertisement Oregon hasn’t been this close to the title game since the team won the inaugural NCAA Tournament in 1939. Altman called it “a long drought.” Perhaps one that could end this season after 78 years? The Oregon Webfoots won the NCAA title with a 46-33 victory over Ohio State at Northwestern University. The team would become known by the nickname the Tall Firs — a nod to both the Oregon landscape and the fact that the players loomed taller than most of their opponents. The Webfoots front line included 6-foot-4 John Dick, 6-4 leading scorer Laddie Gale and 6-8 Urgel (Slim) Wintermute. Guards Bobby Anet, a 5-8 playmaker, and 5-10 Wally Johansen rounded out the starting five. Anet and Johansen grew up on the same street in Astoria, and had played together since junior high. Coach Howard Hobson told The Associated Press in 1988 that Anet, who died in 1981, was the heart of the Tall Firs. “He was the greatest floor general I ever had,” Hobson, who also coached at Southern Oregon and Yale and was enshrined in the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1965, said. “He sparked the team. He was its leader.” Dick went on to serve 32 years in the U.S. Navy, enlisting the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor Dec. 7, 1941, and rising to the rank of rear admiral. He was at the final game played at Oregon’s famed McArthur Court in 2011, and pumped his fist for the crowd when he was announced at halftime. He died later that year. Reserve guard Ford “Moon” Mullen went on to play baseball in the majors for the Philadelphia Blue Jays (Phillies) in 1944. Wintermute worked at Boeing. On the way to the first Big Dance, the Tall Firs won the Northern Division of the Pacific Coast Conference, then beat Southern Division champion California in a three-game series. The victory sent Oregon to the regional tournament on Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay, where the team beat Texas, 56-41, and Oklahoma, 55-37, before heading to Illinois for the title game via train. The eight-team NCAA tournament was founded by the National Association of Basketball Coaches to compete with the National Invitation Tournament in New York. Denver-based writer Terry Frei, who grew up in Eugene and is the son of former Oregon football coach Jerry Frei, wrote a book about the Tall Firs called “March 1939: before the Madness.” “They were so well-coached and they were big along the front line, almost revolutionarily big, and they had racehorse guards, especially the captain guard Bobby Anet, who kept everything in control,” Frei said. “So I think it was a real complementary chemistry-type team far ahead of its time that way.” Dick led all scorers with 13 points in the championship game against the Big Ten champions before maybe 5,000 fans, many of whom were given free tickets. Fans in Eugene listened to the game on the radio — it was the same year John Steinbeck’s “Grapes of Wrath” was published and that “Gone with the Wind” came out in theaters — then later descended by the thousands at the local train station to welcome back the team. “They were largely for the most part small-town boys. Laddie Gale was from Oakridge, two of the starters were from Astoria, Slim Wintermute was from Longview, Washington, and John Dick was from The Dalles,” Frei said. “So there was a small-town feel to the team, small-town heroes who stepped up big.” Frei noted with a laugh that the players got $2 from a kitty to celebrate following the victory. Several of them took a train from the Northwestern campus into Chicago. “I think some of us had a couple of Heinekens or something,” Frei quoted Anet as saying later. “It was quite late and none of us were big on bars or things like that, mainly because nobody ever had any money.” This year’s third-seeded Oregon, which last year advanced to the Elite Eight before falling to Oklahoma, defeated No. 1 seed Kansas, 74-60, Saturday to advance to the Final Four. North Carolina beat Kentucky, 75-73. In Saturday’s other semifinal, Gonzaga faces South Carolina. Altman believes this Oregon team is building its own historic legacy. “The seven years we’ve been at Oregon we’ve had great guys to work with. I feel great for those guys that our staff had a relationship with, but I also feel good for all the other players that have built Oregon basketball; 1939 is a long drought, but there are a lot of guys that played and built some tradition at Oregon,” Altman said. Tags Sport Bobby Anet Terry Frei Oregon Front Line Team John Dick Dana Altman Trending Klamath man arrested for impersonating cop Dog Lake Road closed due to erosion Making good choices, taking the right path Law enforcement Monday Oregon Tech coach fights battle with brain cancer Newsletter Signup Sign up today, or manage your subscriptions, to one of our great newsletters: Aggie Sports Breaking News Daily Headlines and much more! Get your e-Newsletters Video Highlights Video Klamath County Museum: Linkville 150th anniversary presentation 3-09-2017 Mar 28, 2017 Klamath County Museum held a special 150th anniversary of Linkville's founding presentation at the museum on Thursday, March 9, 2017, led by museum director Todd Kepple. The presentation highlighted Klamath Falls' early founding and unusual stories through the years. LNG pipeline protests at Klamath open house 3-24-2017 Mar 27, 2017 LNG pipeline protests at Klamath open house 3-24-2017 Mar 27, 2017 Irish Days: Outhouse Races 3-18-2017 Mar 27, 2017 Irish Days: Outhouse Races 3-18-2017 Mar 27, 2017 Walden statement on health care reform Mar 24, 2017 Walden statement on health care reform Mar 24, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, March 24, 2017 Mar 24, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, March 24, 2017 Mar 24, 2017 Lakeview's ShamWalk/Run 3-18-2017 Mar 23, 2017 Lakeview's ShamWalk/Run 3-18-2017 Mar 23, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, March 17, 2017 Mar 17, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, March 17, 2017 Mar 17, 2017 MaxRead Businesses Klamath-Spine-Rehab Premier Care Dental EcoSolar and Electric Trending now Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Homicide suspect unfit for trial Suspected meth dealer facing charges Klamath man arrested for impersonating cop Museum history program focuses on Klamath women Law enforcement Saturday Dog Lake Road closed due to erosion Making good choices, taking the right path Law enforcement Monday Let there be light: German scientists test 'artificial sun' Oregon Tech coach fights battle with brain cancer Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Local Survey Should smoking be banned in the downtown corridor? The Klamath Falls city council may take up an ordinance to prohibit smoking along Main Street and one block east and west of Main Street. What are your thoughts. Email us at news@heraldandnews.com You voted: Yes No Not enough information No opnion Vote View Results Back Herald and News 2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR 97603 541-885-4410 (Main) 541-885-4420 (After hours or complaints) news@heraldandnews.com About Contact Submissions News Sports Calendar Outdoors Limelighter Multimedia Editorials Special Sections Get in touch with the Herald and News Common Submissions Submit News Send a Letter to the Editor Submit a Sports Tip Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event New or changed business All submissions Circulation Pay a bill Vacation stop/restart Change of address Delivery complaints Advertising Display & Digital Advertising Place a Classified Ad Submit Announcements Aniversaries, Engagements and Weddings Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News © Copyright 2017 Herald and News, PO Box 788 (zip 97601)2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque 08:57 • 30.03.17 Tweet Iraqi special forces and police fought Islamic State militants to edge closer to the al-Nuri mosque in western Mosul on Wednesday, tightening their control around the landmark site and in Baghdad a suicide truck bomb killed at least 17 people. The close-quarters fighting is focused on the Old City surrounding the mosque, where Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi proclaimed a caliphate nearly three years ago across territory controlled by the group in both Iraq and Syria, Reuters reports. Thousands of residents have fled from IS-held areas inside Mosul, the militants' biggest remaining stronghold in Iraq. But tens of thousands more are still trapped inside homes, caught in the fighting, shelling and air strikes as Iraqi forces backed by a US-led coalition advance in the west. Helicopters circling west Mosul strafed IS positions beyond the city train station, the site of heavy back-and-forth fighting in recent days, and thick black smoke rose into the sky, Reuters reporters on the ground said. Heavy sustained gunfire could be heard from the Old City area, where militants are hiding among residents and using the alleyways, traditional family homes and snaking narrow roads to their advantage, fleeing residents say. "Federal police forces have imposed full control over the Qadheeb al-Ban area and the al-Malab sports stadium in the western wing of Old Mosul and are besieging militants around the al-Nuri mosque," federal police chief Lieutenant General Raed Shaker Jawdat said in a statement. The senior US commander in Iraq acknowledged on Tuesday that the U.S.-led coalition probably had a role in an explosion in Mosul believed to have killed scores of civilians, but said Islamic State could also be to blame. As investigators probe the March 17 blast, Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend said increases in casualties were to be expected as the war entered its deadliest phase. Local officials and eyewitnesses say as many as 240 people may have been killed in the Al-Jadida district when a huge blast caused a building to collapse, burying families inside. Rescue workers are still pulling bodies out of the site. One local health official said on Wednesday 250 bodies had been recovered from the site, though that is higher than Iraqi military estimates. But rescue efforts have been hampered by a lack of equipment and poor security.     Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 11:03 • 31/03 EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   14:56 • 30/03 US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   12:55 • 30/03 Armenian political parties make populist statements to win votes – economist 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 10:20 • 30/03 Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:09 • 30/03 Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America 08:57 • 30/03 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 16:36 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   16:22 • 29/03 UK-German stock exchange deal blocked 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 14:38 • 29/03 Transparency International warns of electoral abuses 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 10:59 • 29/03 Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow 10:12 • 29/03 Suspects held in killing of Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink 09:54 • 29/03 April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician 09:13 • 29/03 France may arrange new Armenian-Azerbaijani talks over Karabakh – diplomat   08:54 • 29/03 Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported 08:38 • 29/03 Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit 17:30 • 28/03 Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 16:24 • 28/03 Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  15:29 • 28/03 Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes 15:19 • 28/03 Armenian cemetery vandalized in Turkey’s Erzincan 14:52 • 28/03 $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   13:56 • 28/03 US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition 13:14 • 28/03 Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 12:42 • 28/03 Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm 12:31 • 28/03 Snowfalls reported in Armenian regions 12:22 • 28/03 Azerbaijan keeps Nagorno-Karabakh frontline under fire 12:06 • 28/03 Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan 11:56 • 28/03 EU grants Georgians visa free travel to most member states 11:42 • 28/03 New EU-Armenia deal impactful in long-term perspective – deputy minister 11:01 • 28/03 American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern 10:38 • 28/03 Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties 10:20 • 28/03 Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 09:01 • 28/03 A New Beginning, A Just Armenia: ARF-D releases platform in English (video)   08:35 • 28/03 Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia 17:46 • 27/03 Russia jails opposition leader for 15 days 17:34 • 27/03 Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition 17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:30 • 27/03 Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit 16:16 • 27/03 Nalbandian, Minsk Group co-chairs discuss Karabakh peace in Yerevan 15:57 • 27/03 Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   15:30 • 27/03 Election 2017: Civic group proposes stronger voter surveillance 14:41 • 27/03 Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  14:27 • 27/03 Plane carrying Kazakh football team back to Yerevan airport after 1.5-hour flight 13:20 • 27/03 Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan 13:03 • 27/03 'He was my second dad': Dwayne Johnson pays tribute to late Boston drummer Sib Hashian 12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 12:03 • 27/03 Uber suspends self-driving cars after Arizona crash 11:50 • 27/03 Center-right party wins 32.6% in Bulgarian election, 90% of votes counted 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 10:35 • 27/03 Azerbaijan unwilling to end war over Karabakh -  Armenian human rights activist 09:30 • 27/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:18 • 27/03 Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas 09:00 • 27/03 Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan 08:36 • 27/03 Merkel party wins state vote as election year starts 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 11:18 • 24/03 Russia suspends Jehovah’s Witnesses over extremism 17:38 • 24/03 Russian-Armenian test pilot Stepan Mikoyan dies at 94 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   14:20 • 25/03 Military imbalance serious concern in Karabakh peace – parliament runner 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 17:12 • 25/03 Armenian Government planning $44m investments in Aragatsotn region – prime minister 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments Armenia CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   “Understandably, the CSTO, as well as many international organizations, including military-political unions, know well of differing and at times even ... Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan "Azerbaijan no longer has claims to seize Nagorno-Karabakh, which ... US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project Region Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception "Apart from all the criticism we currently have for Turkey, they did a lot for the 3 million refugees and it's right that Europe would ... Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   Round-trip fares from Moscow to Antalya start from 219 Euros (around $236), the airline said, adding that the prices included ... Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   World US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador "You pick and choose your battles and when we're looking at this, it's about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit there and focus ... US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine Officials said the haul would have garnered more than $1 billion dollars — about $70,000 a kilo — on the street. The James, working with a helicopter ... Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia Business Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia “Within the framework of 4 stages of the Housing Finance project to be implemented in Armenia, mortgage lending will be carried out in two directions – “Energy efficient ... Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow Strong competition in China's smartphone market from previously little-known domestic rivals OPPO and Vivo cost Huawei its top spot ... Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America UK-German stock exchange deal blocked Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern Science/tech Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI The screens of the Galaxy S8 and bigger S8+ are also larger despite the devices being about the same size as last year's S7 and ... iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware A pop-up screen accused the phone owner of accessing illegal pornography or pirating music and could not be removed. However the ransomware ... Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit Twitter explores subscription-based option for first time New WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacks iPhones and MacBooks Smartphone device can test sperm quality   Culture French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching He will live inside a glass vivarium until his charges hatch, watched by visitors to the Palais de Tokyo museum in Paris ... Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize The academy said it would meet Dylan, 75, in private in the Swedish capital, where he is giving two concerts. He will not lecture in person but is expected ... Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition Armsport.am Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals Tenth seed Konta gave up the only break of the first set but hit back to race into a 3-0 lead early in the second. Third seed Halep recovered ... Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony The Real Madrid superstar is back in his island homeland, having played for Portugal here on Tuesday night followed by Wednesday morning’s ... Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan Lewis Hamilton wins Australian Grand Prix Ferrari are F1 title favourites, says Lewis Hamilton Puerto Rico baseball fans go blond in support of team Lifestyle Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans Gone were her long extensions in favor of a sleek angular style which was just a little bit longer than the current go-to haircut, a lob. Kim's angular ... New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday Hutchinson Plumbing, Heating and Cooling in Cherry Hill made Bill Hansen's wish come true, and on Monday welcomed back the retired permit ... Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan Event EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines They will help set the tone for two years of tough negotiations and efforts to finalise a deal, BBC News reports. EU leaders say ... US judge extends Trump travel ban Judge Derrick Watson's ruling means Mr Trump will be barred from enforcing the ban on six mostly Muslim nations while it is contested ... 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas World cities and monuments switch off for Earth Hour Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   The meeting will be the first after the May 2016 talks in Vienna, Austria and St Petersburg, Russia, says the paper ... Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier Samvel Karapetyan's request wasn’t turned down, says the paper, as the Abrahamyans’ family have invited the him to dinner to consider possible cooperation ... Zhamanak: Actor Vardan Petrosyan to leave Armenia permanently Hraparak: Joint Russian-Armenian fund plan finalized 168 Zham: Armenia increasingly attractive to Iranian tourists Hraparak: Pretext behind rapid initialing of new EU-Armenia deal 168 Zham: 'Sobering slap' for Azerbaijan Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 09:55 • 30.03.17 Tweet Turkey says it has "successfully" ended its seven-month Euphrates Shield military campaign in northern Syria. But Prime Minister Binali Yildirim did not rule out new military operations and did not say whether Turkish troops would now leave Syria, BBC News reports. Turkey launched the offensive last August to push Islamic State militants away from its border and also to stop the advance of local Kurdish fighters. On Thursday, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is due to visit Turkey. "Operation Euphrates Shield has been successful and is finished. Any operation following this one will have a different name," Mr Yildirim said after Wednesday's meeting of the country's security council. On 24 August, Turkish troops, tanks and planes crossed the border in what Ankara said was the operation to push back IS militants from a 100km (60 miles) stretch of the border. The army and Turkish-backed Syrian rebels have captured several towns, including Jarablus, finally moving south to the strategic town of Al-Bab. The Turkish operation was also aimed at preventing Kurdish YPG militias from crossing the Euphrates River westwards and linking up with mainly Kurdish areas there. Ankara is concerned that Syrian Kurds will try to establish self-ruling territories similar to Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region.   It considers YPG units to be the Syrian extension of the Kurdish PKK group, which has been fighting an insurgency in south-eastern Turkey for decades.   Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 11:03 • 31/03 EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   14:56 • 30/03 US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   12:55 • 30/03 Armenian political parties make populist statements to win votes – economist 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 10:20 • 30/03 Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:09 • 30/03 Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America 08:57 • 30/03 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 16:36 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   16:22 • 29/03 UK-German stock exchange deal blocked 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 14:38 • 29/03 Transparency International warns of electoral abuses 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 10:59 • 29/03 Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow 10:12 • 29/03 Suspects held in killing of Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink 09:54 • 29/03 April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician 09:13 • 29/03 France may arrange new Armenian-Azerbaijani talks over Karabakh – diplomat   08:54 • 29/03 Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported 08:38 • 29/03 Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit 17:30 • 28/03 Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 16:24 • 28/03 Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  15:29 • 28/03 Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes 15:19 • 28/03 Armenian cemetery vandalized in Turkey’s Erzincan 14:52 • 28/03 $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   13:56 • 28/03 US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition 13:14 • 28/03 Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 12:42 • 28/03 Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm 12:31 • 28/03 Snowfalls reported in Armenian regions 12:22 • 28/03 Azerbaijan keeps Nagorno-Karabakh frontline under fire 12:06 • 28/03 Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan 11:56 • 28/03 EU grants Georgians visa free travel to most member states 11:42 • 28/03 New EU-Armenia deal impactful in long-term perspective – deputy minister 11:01 • 28/03 American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern 10:38 • 28/03 Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties 10:20 • 28/03 Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 09:01 • 28/03 A New Beginning, A Just Armenia: ARF-D releases platform in English (video)   08:35 • 28/03 Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia 17:46 • 27/03 Russia jails opposition leader for 15 days 17:34 • 27/03 Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition 17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:30 • 27/03 Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit 16:16 • 27/03 Nalbandian, Minsk Group co-chairs discuss Karabakh peace in Yerevan 15:57 • 27/03 Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   15:30 • 27/03 Election 2017: Civic group proposes stronger voter surveillance 14:41 • 27/03 Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  14:27 • 27/03 Plane carrying Kazakh football team back to Yerevan airport after 1.5-hour flight 13:20 • 27/03 Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan 13:03 • 27/03 'He was my second dad': Dwayne Johnson pays tribute to late Boston drummer Sib Hashian 12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 12:03 • 27/03 Uber suspends self-driving cars after Arizona crash 11:50 • 27/03 Center-right party wins 32.6% in Bulgarian election, 90% of votes counted 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 10:35 • 27/03 Azerbaijan unwilling to end war over Karabakh -  Armenian human rights activist 09:30 • 27/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:18 • 27/03 Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas 09:00 • 27/03 Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan 08:36 • 27/03 Merkel party wins state vote as election year starts 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 11:18 • 24/03 Russia suspends Jehovah’s Witnesses over extremism 17:38 • 24/03 Russian-Armenian test pilot Stepan Mikoyan dies at 94 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   14:20 • 25/03 Military imbalance serious concern in Karabakh peace – parliament runner 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 17:12 • 25/03 Armenian Government planning $44m investments in Aragatsotn region – prime minister 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments Armenia CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   “Understandably, the CSTO, as well as many international organizations, including military-political unions, know well of differing and at times even ... Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan "Azerbaijan no longer has claims to seize Nagorno-Karabakh, which ... US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project Region Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception "Apart from all the criticism we currently have for Turkey, they did a lot for the 3 million refugees and it's right that Europe would ... Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   Round-trip fares from Moscow to Antalya start from 219 Euros (around $236), the airline said, adding that the prices included ... Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   World US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador "You pick and choose your battles and when we're looking at this, it's about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit there and focus ... US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine Officials said the haul would have garnered more than $1 billion dollars — about $70,000 a kilo — on the street. The James, working with a helicopter ... Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia Business Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia “Within the framework of 4 stages of the Housing Finance project to be implemented in Armenia, mortgage lending will be carried out in two directions – “Energy efficient ... Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow Strong competition in China's smartphone market from previously little-known domestic rivals OPPO and Vivo cost Huawei its top spot ... Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America UK-German stock exchange deal blocked Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern Science/tech Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI The screens of the Galaxy S8 and bigger S8+ are also larger despite the devices being about the same size as last year's S7 and ... iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware A pop-up screen accused the phone owner of accessing illegal pornography or pirating music and could not be removed. However the ransomware ... Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit Twitter explores subscription-based option for first time New WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacks iPhones and MacBooks Smartphone device can test sperm quality   Culture French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching He will live inside a glass vivarium until his charges hatch, watched by visitors to the Palais de Tokyo museum in Paris ... Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize The academy said it would meet Dylan, 75, in private in the Swedish capital, where he is giving two concerts. He will not lecture in person but is expected ... Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition Armsport.am Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals Tenth seed Konta gave up the only break of the first set but hit back to race into a 3-0 lead early in the second. Third seed Halep recovered ... Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony The Real Madrid superstar is back in his island homeland, having played for Portugal here on Tuesday night followed by Wednesday morning’s ... Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan Lewis Hamilton wins Australian Grand Prix Ferrari are F1 title favourites, says Lewis Hamilton Puerto Rico baseball fans go blond in support of team Lifestyle Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans Gone were her long extensions in favor of a sleek angular style which was just a little bit longer than the current go-to haircut, a lob. Kim's angular ... New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday Hutchinson Plumbing, Heating and Cooling in Cherry Hill made Bill Hansen's wish come true, and on Monday welcomed back the retired permit ... Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan Event EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines They will help set the tone for two years of tough negotiations and efforts to finalise a deal, BBC News reports. EU leaders say ... US judge extends Trump travel ban Judge Derrick Watson's ruling means Mr Trump will be barred from enforcing the ban on six mostly Muslim nations while it is contested ... 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas World cities and monuments switch off for Earth Hour Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   The meeting will be the first after the May 2016 talks in Vienna, Austria and St Petersburg, Russia, says the paper ... Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier Samvel Karapetyan's request wasn’t turned down, says the paper, as the Abrahamyans’ family have invited the him to dinner to consider possible cooperation ... Zhamanak: Actor Vardan Petrosyan to leave Armenia permanently Hraparak: Joint Russian-Armenian fund plan finalized 168 Zham: Armenia increasingly attractive to Iranian tourists Hraparak: Pretext behind rapid initialing of new EU-Armenia deal 168 Zham: 'Sobering slap' for Azerbaijan Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America 09:09 • 30.03.17 Tweet Ford is recalling more than 440,000 vehicles in North America including more than 20,000 in Canada to fix problems that can cause engine fires and doors to open unexpectedly, CBC News reports. The first recall covers over 230,000 Escape SUVs, Fiesta ST subcompacts, Fusion midsize cars and Transit Connect vans with 1.6-litre turbocharged engines from 2013 through 2015. The company said engines can overheat, causing the cylinder head to crack and leak oil that can catch fire. Ford has 29 reports of fires, but no injuries.   Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 11:03 • 31/03 EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   14:56 • 30/03 US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   12:55 • 30/03 Armenian political parties make populist statements to win votes – economist 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 10:20 • 30/03 Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:09 • 30/03 Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America 08:57 • 30/03 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 16:36 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   16:22 • 29/03 UK-German stock exchange deal blocked 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 14:38 • 29/03 Transparency International warns of electoral abuses 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 10:59 • 29/03 Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow 10:12 • 29/03 Suspects held in killing of Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink 09:54 • 29/03 April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician 09:13 • 29/03 France may arrange new Armenian-Azerbaijani talks over Karabakh – diplomat   08:54 • 29/03 Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported 08:38 • 29/03 Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit 17:30 • 28/03 Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 16:24 • 28/03 Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  15:29 • 28/03 Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes 15:19 • 28/03 Armenian cemetery vandalized in Turkey’s Erzincan 14:52 • 28/03 $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   13:56 • 28/03 US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition 13:14 • 28/03 Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 12:42 • 28/03 Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm 12:31 • 28/03 Snowfalls reported in Armenian regions 12:22 • 28/03 Azerbaijan keeps Nagorno-Karabakh frontline under fire 12:06 • 28/03 Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan 11:56 • 28/03 EU grants Georgians visa free travel to most member states 11:42 • 28/03 New EU-Armenia deal impactful in long-term perspective – deputy minister 11:01 • 28/03 American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern 10:38 • 28/03 Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties 10:20 • 28/03 Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 09:01 • 28/03 A New Beginning, A Just Armenia: ARF-D releases platform in English (video)   08:35 • 28/03 Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia 17:46 • 27/03 Russia jails opposition leader for 15 days 17:34 • 27/03 Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition 17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:30 • 27/03 Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit 16:16 • 27/03 Nalbandian, Minsk Group co-chairs discuss Karabakh peace in Yerevan 15:57 • 27/03 Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   15:30 • 27/03 Election 2017: Civic group proposes stronger voter surveillance 14:41 • 27/03 Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  14:27 • 27/03 Plane carrying Kazakh football team back to Yerevan airport after 1.5-hour flight 13:20 • 27/03 Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan 13:03 • 27/03 'He was my second dad': Dwayne Johnson pays tribute to late Boston drummer Sib Hashian 12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 12:03 • 27/03 Uber suspends self-driving cars after Arizona crash 11:50 • 27/03 Center-right party wins 32.6% in Bulgarian election, 90% of votes counted 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 10:35 • 27/03 Azerbaijan unwilling to end war over Karabakh -  Armenian human rights activist 09:30 • 27/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:18 • 27/03 Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas 09:00 • 27/03 Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan 08:36 • 27/03 Merkel party wins state vote as election year starts 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 11:18 • 24/03 Russia suspends Jehovah’s Witnesses over extremism 17:38 • 24/03 Russian-Armenian test pilot Stepan Mikoyan dies at 94 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   14:20 • 25/03 Military imbalance serious concern in Karabakh peace – parliament runner 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 17:12 • 25/03 Armenian Government planning $44m investments in Aragatsotn region – prime minister 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments Armenia CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   “Understandably, the CSTO, as well as many international organizations, including military-political unions, know well of differing and at times even ... Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan "Azerbaijan no longer has claims to seize Nagorno-Karabakh, which ... US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project Region Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception "Apart from all the criticism we currently have for Turkey, they did a lot for the 3 million refugees and it's right that Europe would ... Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   Round-trip fares from Moscow to Antalya start from 219 Euros (around $236), the airline said, adding that the prices included ... Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   World US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador "You pick and choose your battles and when we're looking at this, it's about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit there and focus ... US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine Officials said the haul would have garnered more than $1 billion dollars — about $70,000 a kilo — on the street. The James, working with a helicopter ... Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia Business Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia “Within the framework of 4 stages of the Housing Finance project to be implemented in Armenia, mortgage lending will be carried out in two directions – “Energy efficient ... Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow Strong competition in China's smartphone market from previously little-known domestic rivals OPPO and Vivo cost Huawei its top spot ... Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America UK-German stock exchange deal blocked Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern Science/tech Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI The screens of the Galaxy S8 and bigger S8+ are also larger despite the devices being about the same size as last year's S7 and ... iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware A pop-up screen accused the phone owner of accessing illegal pornography or pirating music and could not be removed. However the ransomware ... Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit Twitter explores subscription-based option for first time New WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacks iPhones and MacBooks Smartphone device can test sperm quality   Culture French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching He will live inside a glass vivarium until his charges hatch, watched by visitors to the Palais de Tokyo museum in Paris ... Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize The academy said it would meet Dylan, 75, in private in the Swedish capital, where he is giving two concerts. He will not lecture in person but is expected ... Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition Armsport.am Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals Tenth seed Konta gave up the only break of the first set but hit back to race into a 3-0 lead early in the second. Third seed Halep recovered ... Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony The Real Madrid superstar is back in his island homeland, having played for Portugal here on Tuesday night followed by Wednesday morning’s ... Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan Lewis Hamilton wins Australian Grand Prix Ferrari are F1 title favourites, says Lewis Hamilton Puerto Rico baseball fans go blond in support of team Lifestyle Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans Gone were her long extensions in favor of a sleek angular style which was just a little bit longer than the current go-to haircut, a lob. Kim's angular ... New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday Hutchinson Plumbing, Heating and Cooling in Cherry Hill made Bill Hansen's wish come true, and on Monday welcomed back the retired permit ... Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan Event EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines They will help set the tone for two years of tough negotiations and efforts to finalise a deal, BBC News reports. EU leaders say ... US judge extends Trump travel ban Judge Derrick Watson's ruling means Mr Trump will be barred from enforcing the ban on six mostly Muslim nations while it is contested ... 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas World cities and monuments switch off for Earth Hour Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   The meeting will be the first after the May 2016 talks in Vienna, Austria and St Petersburg, Russia, says the paper ... Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier Samvel Karapetyan's request wasn’t turned down, says the paper, as the Abrahamyans’ family have invited the him to dinner to consider possible cooperation ... Zhamanak: Actor Vardan Petrosyan to leave Armenia permanently Hraparak: Joint Russian-Armenian fund plan finalized 168 Zham: Armenia increasingly attractive to Iranian tourists Hraparak: Pretext behind rapid initialing of new EU-Armenia deal 168 Zham: 'Sobering slap' for Azerbaijan Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:16 • 30.03.17 Tweet French artist Abraham Poincheval - who has already spent two weeks living inside a stuffed bear - plans to commune with the humble chicken for his latest performance stunt. How? By incubating 10 eggs with his own body heat. He will live inside a glass vivarium until his charges hatch, watched by visitors to the Palais de Tokyo museum in Paris, BBC New reports. Poincheval expects the process to last between 21 and 26 days. "I will, broadly speaking, become a chicken," he said. The artist, 44, began the performance - titled "Oeuf" (Egg) - on Wednesday. Rather than sitting on the eggs directly, he is deploying a chair with a container under its seat. Poincheval will be wrapped in an insulating blanket designed by Korean artist Seglui Lee, to keep his body temperature high. He also plans to eat "heating" foods like ginger to generate more body warmth - and will have provisions in easy reach. Lavatorial matters are not so simple. Poincheval will use a box beneath him when nature calls, and will not be able to get up to relieve himself. To hatch the eggs successfully, he will only be able to stand and leave them for 30 minutes a day. That time will be used for meals.   The egg enterprise comes less than a month after Poincheval's last effort "Pierre" (Stone), where he lived inside a hollowed-out limestone rock shaped to fit his body.   Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 11:03 • 31/03 EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   14:56 • 30/03 US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   12:55 • 30/03 Armenian political parties make populist statements to win votes – economist 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 10:20 • 30/03 Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:09 • 30/03 Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America 08:57 • 30/03 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 16:36 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   16:22 • 29/03 UK-German stock exchange deal blocked 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 14:38 • 29/03 Transparency International warns of electoral abuses 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 10:59 • 29/03 Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow 10:12 • 29/03 Suspects held in killing of Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink 09:54 • 29/03 April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician 09:13 • 29/03 France may arrange new Armenian-Azerbaijani talks over Karabakh – diplomat   08:54 • 29/03 Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported 08:38 • 29/03 Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit 17:30 • 28/03 Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 16:24 • 28/03 Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  15:29 • 28/03 Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes 15:19 • 28/03 Armenian cemetery vandalized in Turkey’s Erzincan 14:52 • 28/03 $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   13:56 • 28/03 US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition 13:14 • 28/03 Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 12:42 • 28/03 Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm 12:31 • 28/03 Snowfalls reported in Armenian regions 12:22 • 28/03 Azerbaijan keeps Nagorno-Karabakh frontline under fire 12:06 • 28/03 Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan 11:56 • 28/03 EU grants Georgians visa free travel to most member states 11:42 • 28/03 New EU-Armenia deal impactful in long-term perspective – deputy minister 11:01 • 28/03 American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern 10:38 • 28/03 Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties 10:20 • 28/03 Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 09:01 • 28/03 A New Beginning, A Just Armenia: ARF-D releases platform in English (video)   08:35 • 28/03 Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia 17:46 • 27/03 Russia jails opposition leader for 15 days 17:34 • 27/03 Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition 17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:30 • 27/03 Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit 16:16 • 27/03 Nalbandian, Minsk Group co-chairs discuss Karabakh peace in Yerevan 15:57 • 27/03 Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   15:30 • 27/03 Election 2017: Civic group proposes stronger voter surveillance 14:41 • 27/03 Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  14:27 • 27/03 Plane carrying Kazakh football team back to Yerevan airport after 1.5-hour flight 13:20 • 27/03 Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan 13:03 • 27/03 'He was my second dad': Dwayne Johnson pays tribute to late Boston drummer Sib Hashian 12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 12:03 • 27/03 Uber suspends self-driving cars after Arizona crash 11:50 • 27/03 Center-right party wins 32.6% in Bulgarian election, 90% of votes counted 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 10:35 • 27/03 Azerbaijan unwilling to end war over Karabakh -  Armenian human rights activist 09:30 • 27/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:18 • 27/03 Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas 09:00 • 27/03 Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan 08:36 • 27/03 Merkel party wins state vote as election year starts 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 11:18 • 24/03 Russia suspends Jehovah’s Witnesses over extremism 17:38 • 24/03 Russian-Armenian test pilot Stepan Mikoyan dies at 94 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   14:20 • 25/03 Military imbalance serious concern in Karabakh peace – parliament runner 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 17:12 • 25/03 Armenian Government planning $44m investments in Aragatsotn region – prime minister 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments Armenia CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   “Understandably, the CSTO, as well as many international organizations, including military-political unions, know well of differing and at times even ... Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan "Azerbaijan no longer has claims to seize Nagorno-Karabakh, which ... US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project Region Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception "Apart from all the criticism we currently have for Turkey, they did a lot for the 3 million refugees and it's right that Europe would ... Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   Round-trip fares from Moscow to Antalya start from 219 Euros (around $236), the airline said, adding that the prices included ... Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   World US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador "You pick and choose your battles and when we're looking at this, it's about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit there and focus ... US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine Officials said the haul would have garnered more than $1 billion dollars — about $70,000 a kilo — on the street. The James, working with a helicopter ... Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia Business Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia “Within the framework of 4 stages of the Housing Finance project to be implemented in Armenia, mortgage lending will be carried out in two directions – “Energy efficient ... Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow Strong competition in China's smartphone market from previously little-known domestic rivals OPPO and Vivo cost Huawei its top spot ... Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America UK-German stock exchange deal blocked Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern Science/tech Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI The screens of the Galaxy S8 and bigger S8+ are also larger despite the devices being about the same size as last year's S7 and ... iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware A pop-up screen accused the phone owner of accessing illegal pornography or pirating music and could not be removed. However the ransomware ... Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit Twitter explores subscription-based option for first time New WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacks iPhones and MacBooks Smartphone device can test sperm quality   Culture French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching He will live inside a glass vivarium until his charges hatch, watched by visitors to the Palais de Tokyo museum in Paris ... Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize The academy said it would meet Dylan, 75, in private in the Swedish capital, where he is giving two concerts. He will not lecture in person but is expected ... Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition Armsport.am Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals Tenth seed Konta gave up the only break of the first set but hit back to race into a 3-0 lead early in the second. Third seed Halep recovered ... Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony The Real Madrid superstar is back in his island homeland, having played for Portugal here on Tuesday night followed by Wednesday morning’s ... Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan Lewis Hamilton wins Australian Grand Prix Ferrari are F1 title favourites, says Lewis Hamilton Puerto Rico baseball fans go blond in support of team Lifestyle Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans Gone were her long extensions in favor of a sleek angular style which was just a little bit longer than the current go-to haircut, a lob. Kim's angular ... New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday Hutchinson Plumbing, Heating and Cooling in Cherry Hill made Bill Hansen's wish come true, and on Monday welcomed back the retired permit ... Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan Event EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines They will help set the tone for two years of tough negotiations and efforts to finalise a deal, BBC News reports. EU leaders say ... US judge extends Trump travel ban Judge Derrick Watson's ruling means Mr Trump will be barred from enforcing the ban on six mostly Muslim nations while it is contested ... 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas World cities and monuments switch off for Earth Hour Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   The meeting will be the first after the May 2016 talks in Vienna, Austria and St Petersburg, Russia, says the paper ... Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier Samvel Karapetyan's request wasn’t turned down, says the paper, as the Abrahamyans’ family have invited the him to dinner to consider possible cooperation ... Zhamanak: Actor Vardan Petrosyan to leave Armenia permanently Hraparak: Joint Russian-Armenian fund plan finalized 168 Zham: Armenia increasingly attractive to Iranian tourists Hraparak: Pretext behind rapid initialing of new EU-Armenia deal 168 Zham: 'Sobering slap' for Azerbaijan Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us US judge extends Trump travel ban 10:06 • 30.03.17 Tweet A US federal judge in Hawaii has indefinitely extended the suspension of President Trump's new travel ban, BBC News reports. Judge Derrick Watson's ruling means Mr Trump will be barred from enforcing the ban on six mostly Muslim nations while it is contested in court. In a lawsuit, the US state says the ban would harm tourism and the ability to recruit foreign students and workers.   President Trump said his revised travel ban seeks to prevent terrorists from entering the United States. Judge Watson made the ruling late on Wednesday after hearing arguments from attorneys for the state of Hawaii and the US Department of Justice. The judge turned his earlier temporary restraining order into a preliminary injunction that would have a more lasting effect. President Trump's executive order on 6 March would have placed a 90-day ban on people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen and a 120-day ban on refugees. An earlier version of the order, issued in late January, sparked confusion and protests, and was blocked by a judge in Seattle. Other courts across the US have issued different rulings on Mr Trump's revised ban, with a judge in Maryland halting a part of the ban earlier this month.     Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 11:03 • 31/03 EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   14:56 • 30/03 US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   12:55 • 30/03 Armenian political parties make populist statements to win votes – economist 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 10:20 • 30/03 Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:09 • 30/03 Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America 08:57 • 30/03 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 16:36 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   16:22 • 29/03 UK-German stock exchange deal blocked 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 14:38 • 29/03 Transparency International warns of electoral abuses 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 10:59 • 29/03 Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow 10:12 • 29/03 Suspects held in killing of Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink 09:54 • 29/03 April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician 09:13 • 29/03 France may arrange new Armenian-Azerbaijani talks over Karabakh – diplomat   08:54 • 29/03 Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported 08:38 • 29/03 Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit 17:30 • 28/03 Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 16:24 • 28/03 Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  15:29 • 28/03 Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes 15:19 • 28/03 Armenian cemetery vandalized in Turkey’s Erzincan 14:52 • 28/03 $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   13:56 • 28/03 US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition 13:14 • 28/03 Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 12:42 • 28/03 Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm 12:31 • 28/03 Snowfalls reported in Armenian regions 12:22 • 28/03 Azerbaijan keeps Nagorno-Karabakh frontline under fire 12:06 • 28/03 Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan 11:56 • 28/03 EU grants Georgians visa free travel to most member states 11:42 • 28/03 New EU-Armenia deal impactful in long-term perspective – deputy minister 11:01 • 28/03 American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern 10:38 • 28/03 Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties 10:20 • 28/03 Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 09:01 • 28/03 A New Beginning, A Just Armenia: ARF-D releases platform in English (video)   08:35 • 28/03 Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia 17:46 • 27/03 Russia jails opposition leader for 15 days 17:34 • 27/03 Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition 17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:30 • 27/03 Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit 16:16 • 27/03 Nalbandian, Minsk Group co-chairs discuss Karabakh peace in Yerevan 15:57 • 27/03 Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   15:30 • 27/03 Election 2017: Civic group proposes stronger voter surveillance 14:41 • 27/03 Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  14:27 • 27/03 Plane carrying Kazakh football team back to Yerevan airport after 1.5-hour flight 13:20 • 27/03 Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan 13:03 • 27/03 'He was my second dad': Dwayne Johnson pays tribute to late Boston drummer Sib Hashian 12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 12:03 • 27/03 Uber suspends self-driving cars after Arizona crash 11:50 • 27/03 Center-right party wins 32.6% in Bulgarian election, 90% of votes counted 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 10:35 • 27/03 Azerbaijan unwilling to end war over Karabakh -  Armenian human rights activist 09:30 • 27/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:18 • 27/03 Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas 09:00 • 27/03 Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan 08:36 • 27/03 Merkel party wins state vote as election year starts 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 11:18 • 24/03 Russia suspends Jehovah’s Witnesses over extremism 17:38 • 24/03 Russian-Armenian test pilot Stepan Mikoyan dies at 94 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   14:20 • 25/03 Military imbalance serious concern in Karabakh peace – parliament runner 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 17:12 • 25/03 Armenian Government planning $44m investments in Aragatsotn region – prime minister 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments Armenia CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   “Understandably, the CSTO, as well as many international organizations, including military-political unions, know well of differing and at times even ... Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan "Azerbaijan no longer has claims to seize Nagorno-Karabakh, which ... US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project Region Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception "Apart from all the criticism we currently have for Turkey, they did a lot for the 3 million refugees and it's right that Europe would ... Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   Round-trip fares from Moscow to Antalya start from 219 Euros (around $236), the airline said, adding that the prices included ... Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   World US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador "You pick and choose your battles and when we're looking at this, it's about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit there and focus ... US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine Officials said the haul would have garnered more than $1 billion dollars — about $70,000 a kilo — on the street. The James, working with a helicopter ... Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia Business Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia “Within the framework of 4 stages of the Housing Finance project to be implemented in Armenia, mortgage lending will be carried out in two directions – “Energy efficient ... Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow Strong competition in China's smartphone market from previously little-known domestic rivals OPPO and Vivo cost Huawei its top spot ... Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America UK-German stock exchange deal blocked Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern Science/tech Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI The screens of the Galaxy S8 and bigger S8+ are also larger despite the devices being about the same size as last year's S7 and ... iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware A pop-up screen accused the phone owner of accessing illegal pornography or pirating music and could not be removed. However the ransomware ... Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit Twitter explores subscription-based option for first time New WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacks iPhones and MacBooks Smartphone device can test sperm quality   Culture French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching He will live inside a glass vivarium until his charges hatch, watched by visitors to the Palais de Tokyo museum in Paris ... Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize The academy said it would meet Dylan, 75, in private in the Swedish capital, where he is giving two concerts. He will not lecture in person but is expected ... Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition Armsport.am Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals Tenth seed Konta gave up the only break of the first set but hit back to race into a 3-0 lead early in the second. Third seed Halep recovered ... Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony The Real Madrid superstar is back in his island homeland, having played for Portugal here on Tuesday night followed by Wednesday morning’s ... Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan Lewis Hamilton wins Australian Grand Prix Ferrari are F1 title favourites, says Lewis Hamilton Puerto Rico baseball fans go blond in support of team Lifestyle Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans Gone were her long extensions in favor of a sleek angular style which was just a little bit longer than the current go-to haircut, a lob. Kim's angular ... New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday Hutchinson Plumbing, Heating and Cooling in Cherry Hill made Bill Hansen's wish come true, and on Monday welcomed back the retired permit ... Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan Event EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines They will help set the tone for two years of tough negotiations and efforts to finalise a deal, BBC News reports. EU leaders say ... US judge extends Trump travel ban Judge Derrick Watson's ruling means Mr Trump will be barred from enforcing the ban on six mostly Muslim nations while it is contested ... 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas World cities and monuments switch off for Earth Hour Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   The meeting will be the first after the May 2016 talks in Vienna, Austria and St Petersburg, Russia, says the paper ... Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier Samvel Karapetyan's request wasn’t turned down, says the paper, as the Abrahamyans’ family have invited the him to dinner to consider possible cooperation ... Zhamanak: Actor Vardan Petrosyan to leave Armenia permanently Hraparak: Joint Russian-Armenian fund plan finalized 168 Zham: Armenia increasingly attractive to Iranian tourists Hraparak: Pretext behind rapid initialing of new EU-Armenia deal 168 Zham: 'Sobering slap' for Azerbaijan Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:49 • 30.03.17 Tweet Azerbaijan’s armed forces violated the ceasefire along the Line of Contact around 50 times overnight, releasing over 500 gunshots against Armenian defense troops from weapons of different calibers, including sniper rifles. Nagorno-Karabakh’s Ministry of Defense reports more intensive raids in the south-eastern and eastern directions of the frontline. The advance military units of the Defense Army took retaliatory action to restrain the adversary, confidently continuing their military vigil.     Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 11:03 • 31/03 EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   14:56 • 30/03 US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   12:55 • 30/03 Armenian political parties make populist statements to win votes – economist 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 10:20 • 30/03 Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:09 • 30/03 Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America 08:57 • 30/03 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 16:36 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   16:22 • 29/03 UK-German stock exchange deal blocked 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 14:38 • 29/03 Transparency International warns of electoral abuses 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 10:59 • 29/03 Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow 10:12 • 29/03 Suspects held in killing of Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink 09:54 • 29/03 April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician 09:13 • 29/03 France may arrange new Armenian-Azerbaijani talks over Karabakh – diplomat   08:54 • 29/03 Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported 08:38 • 29/03 Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit 17:30 • 28/03 Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 16:24 • 28/03 Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  15:29 • 28/03 Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes 15:19 • 28/03 Armenian cemetery vandalized in Turkey’s Erzincan 14:52 • 28/03 $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   13:56 • 28/03 US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition 13:14 • 28/03 Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 12:42 • 28/03 Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm 12:31 • 28/03 Snowfalls reported in Armenian regions 12:22 • 28/03 Azerbaijan keeps Nagorno-Karabakh frontline under fire 12:06 • 28/03 Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan 11:56 • 28/03 EU grants Georgians visa free travel to most member states 11:42 • 28/03 New EU-Armenia deal impactful in long-term perspective – deputy minister 11:01 • 28/03 American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern 10:38 • 28/03 Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties 10:20 • 28/03 Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 09:01 • 28/03 A New Beginning, A Just Armenia: ARF-D releases platform in English (video)   08:35 • 28/03 Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia 17:46 • 27/03 Russia jails opposition leader for 15 days 17:34 • 27/03 Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition 17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:30 • 27/03 Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit 16:16 • 27/03 Nalbandian, Minsk Group co-chairs discuss Karabakh peace in Yerevan 15:57 • 27/03 Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   15:30 • 27/03 Election 2017: Civic group proposes stronger voter surveillance 14:41 • 27/03 Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  14:27 • 27/03 Plane carrying Kazakh football team back to Yerevan airport after 1.5-hour flight 13:20 • 27/03 Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan 13:03 • 27/03 'He was my second dad': Dwayne Johnson pays tribute to late Boston drummer Sib Hashian 12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 12:03 • 27/03 Uber suspends self-driving cars after Arizona crash 11:50 • 27/03 Center-right party wins 32.6% in Bulgarian election, 90% of votes counted 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 10:35 • 27/03 Azerbaijan unwilling to end war over Karabakh -  Armenian human rights activist 09:30 • 27/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:18 • 27/03 Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas 09:00 • 27/03 Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan 08:36 • 27/03 Merkel party wins state vote as election year starts 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 11:18 • 24/03 Russia suspends Jehovah’s Witnesses over extremism 17:38 • 24/03 Russian-Armenian test pilot Stepan Mikoyan dies at 94 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   14:20 • 25/03 Military imbalance serious concern in Karabakh peace – parliament runner 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 17:12 • 25/03 Armenian Government planning $44m investments in Aragatsotn region – prime minister 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments Armenia CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   “Understandably, the CSTO, as well as many international organizations, including military-political unions, know well of differing and at times even ... Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan "Azerbaijan no longer has claims to seize Nagorno-Karabakh, which ... US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project Region Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception "Apart from all the criticism we currently have for Turkey, they did a lot for the 3 million refugees and it's right that Europe would ... Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   Round-trip fares from Moscow to Antalya start from 219 Euros (around $236), the airline said, adding that the prices included ... Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   World US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador "You pick and choose your battles and when we're looking at this, it's about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit there and focus ... US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine Officials said the haul would have garnered more than $1 billion dollars — about $70,000 a kilo — on the street. The James, working with a helicopter ... Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia Business Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia “Within the framework of 4 stages of the Housing Finance project to be implemented in Armenia, mortgage lending will be carried out in two directions – “Energy efficient ... Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow Strong competition in China's smartphone market from previously little-known domestic rivals OPPO and Vivo cost Huawei its top spot ... Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America UK-German stock exchange deal blocked Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern Science/tech Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI The screens of the Galaxy S8 and bigger S8+ are also larger despite the devices being about the same size as last year's S7 and ... iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware A pop-up screen accused the phone owner of accessing illegal pornography or pirating music and could not be removed. However the ransomware ... Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit Twitter explores subscription-based option for first time New WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacks iPhones and MacBooks Smartphone device can test sperm quality   Culture French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching He will live inside a glass vivarium until his charges hatch, watched by visitors to the Palais de Tokyo museum in Paris ... Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize The academy said it would meet Dylan, 75, in private in the Swedish capital, where he is giving two concerts. He will not lecture in person but is expected ... Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition Armsport.am Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals Tenth seed Konta gave up the only break of the first set but hit back to race into a 3-0 lead early in the second. Third seed Halep recovered ... Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony The Real Madrid superstar is back in his island homeland, having played for Portugal here on Tuesday night followed by Wednesday morning’s ... Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan Lewis Hamilton wins Australian Grand Prix Ferrari are F1 title favourites, says Lewis Hamilton Puerto Rico baseball fans go blond in support of team Lifestyle Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans Gone were her long extensions in favor of a sleek angular style which was just a little bit longer than the current go-to haircut, a lob. Kim's angular ... New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday Hutchinson Plumbing, Heating and Cooling in Cherry Hill made Bill Hansen's wish come true, and on Monday welcomed back the retired permit ... Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan Event EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines They will help set the tone for two years of tough negotiations and efforts to finalise a deal, BBC News reports. EU leaders say ... US judge extends Trump travel ban Judge Derrick Watson's ruling means Mr Trump will be barred from enforcing the ban on six mostly Muslim nations while it is contested ... 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas World cities and monuments switch off for Earth Hour Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   The meeting will be the first after the May 2016 talks in Vienna, Austria and St Petersburg, Russia, says the paper ... Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier Samvel Karapetyan's request wasn’t turned down, says the paper, as the Abrahamyans’ family have invited the him to dinner to consider possible cooperation ... Zhamanak: Actor Vardan Petrosyan to leave Armenia permanently Hraparak: Joint Russian-Armenian fund plan finalized 168 Zham: Armenia increasingly attractive to Iranian tourists Hraparak: Pretext behind rapid initialing of new EU-Armenia deal 168 Zham: 'Sobering slap' for Azerbaijan Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:37 • 30.03.17 Tweet Statement by the co-chairs of OSCE Minsk Group The Co-Chairs of the OSCE Minsk Group (Ambassadors Igor Popov of the Russian Federation, Stephane Visconti of France and Richard Hoagland of the United States of America), together with the Personal Representative of the OSCE Chairperson-in-Office Ambassador Andrzej Kasprzyk, traveled to Baku (March 11), Yerevan (March 27) and Nagorno-Karabakh (March 28). The main purpose of the Co-Chairs' visits to the region was to receive the most current detailed political and military information on the Line of Contact and the Armenia-Azerbaijan border, to discuss the implementation of agreements reached at 2016 Summits in Vienna and St Petersburg and to address the next steps toward a settlement. The Co-Chairs met with the Presidents and Foreign Ministers of Azerbaijan and Armenia and the de facto authorities of Nagorno-Karabakh. They also visited territories around Nagorno-Karabakh. In their talks, the Co-Chairs reiterated their deep concern over recent incidents along the Line of Contact, calling on the sides to exercise restraint in their rhetoric and in their actions. The Presidents laid out their positions on the Co-Chairs' proposals to strengthen the ceasefire and to avoid further escalation of hostilities, particularly in light of the Novruz and Easter holidays. They expressed their commitment to continuing the negotiation process toward a political solution. In their talks, the Co-Chairs stressed the essential importance of continued support for Ambassador Kasprzyk's mission and its expansion. The Co-Chairs also emphasized their conviction that respect for the ceasefire is of the utmost importance for building an atmosphere of trust to enable further negotiations. The Co-Chairs will soon travel to Vienna to brief the members of the Minsk Group.   Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 11:03 • 31/03 EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   14:56 • 30/03 US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   12:55 • 30/03 Armenian political parties make populist statements to win votes – economist 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 10:20 • 30/03 Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:09 • 30/03 Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America 08:57 • 30/03 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 16:36 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   16:22 • 29/03 UK-German stock exchange deal blocked 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 14:38 • 29/03 Transparency International warns of electoral abuses 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 10:59 • 29/03 Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow 10:12 • 29/03 Suspects held in killing of Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink 09:54 • 29/03 April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician 09:13 • 29/03 France may arrange new Armenian-Azerbaijani talks over Karabakh – diplomat   08:54 • 29/03 Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported 08:38 • 29/03 Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit 17:30 • 28/03 Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 16:24 • 28/03 Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  15:29 • 28/03 Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes 15:19 • 28/03 Armenian cemetery vandalized in Turkey’s Erzincan 14:52 • 28/03 $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   13:56 • 28/03 US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition 13:14 • 28/03 Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 12:42 • 28/03 Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm 12:31 • 28/03 Snowfalls reported in Armenian regions 12:22 • 28/03 Azerbaijan keeps Nagorno-Karabakh frontline under fire 12:06 • 28/03 Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan 11:56 • 28/03 EU grants Georgians visa free travel to most member states 11:42 • 28/03 New EU-Armenia deal impactful in long-term perspective – deputy minister 11:01 • 28/03 American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern 10:38 • 28/03 Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties 10:20 • 28/03 Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 09:01 • 28/03 A New Beginning, A Just Armenia: ARF-D releases platform in English (video)   08:35 • 28/03 Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia 17:46 • 27/03 Russia jails opposition leader for 15 days 17:34 • 27/03 Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition 17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:30 • 27/03 Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit 16:16 • 27/03 Nalbandian, Minsk Group co-chairs discuss Karabakh peace in Yerevan 15:57 • 27/03 Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   15:30 • 27/03 Election 2017: Civic group proposes stronger voter surveillance 14:41 • 27/03 Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  14:27 • 27/03 Plane carrying Kazakh football team back to Yerevan airport after 1.5-hour flight 13:20 • 27/03 Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan 13:03 • 27/03 'He was my second dad': Dwayne Johnson pays tribute to late Boston drummer Sib Hashian 12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 12:03 • 27/03 Uber suspends self-driving cars after Arizona crash 11:50 • 27/03 Center-right party wins 32.6% in Bulgarian election, 90% of votes counted 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 10:35 • 27/03 Azerbaijan unwilling to end war over Karabakh -  Armenian human rights activist 09:30 • 27/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:18 • 27/03 Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas 09:00 • 27/03 Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan 08:36 • 27/03 Merkel party wins state vote as election year starts 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 17:22 • 30/03 Armenian cabinet backs free trade zone plan 15:05 • 30/03 Russian Foreign Ministry to evaluate developments in Karabakh peace – spokesperson   11:14 • 30/03 US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment 16:12 • 30/03 CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   13:07 • 30/03 Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   11:45 • 30/03 Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI 13:34 • 30/03 Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan 10:51 • 31/03 Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 10:46 • 31/03 Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception 10:34 • 31/03 Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia 10:16 • 31/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   09:55 • 31/03 Armenian premier says cabinet ‘met economic stability targets’ 09:08 • 31/03 US senators ask for probe into Trump  dealings with Azerbaijan 08:48 • 31/03 Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow 08:35 • 31/03 US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador 11:30 • 30/03 New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday 16:34 • 30/03 Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals 15:46 • 30/03 European court orders Armenia to pay €3,600 in civil debt case 12:12 • 30/03 Armenia’s defense minister highlights problems in sector 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 13:32 • 29/03 Armenian president to attend EPP summit in Minsk   18:09 • 29/03 Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony 08:38 • 30/03 Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee 09:16 • 30/03 French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching 09:55 • 30/03 Turkey announces end to military campaign in Syria 10:06 • 30/03 US judge extends Trump travel ban 17:00 • 29/03 iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware 13:42 • 29/03 Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country 12:42 • 29/03 Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline 13:26 • 29/03 Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters – USA Today 16:05 • 29/03 No alternative to diplomacy in Karabakh peace – Thomas de Waal 09:49 • 30/03 Azerbaijan shoots sniper fire on Karabakh frontline 09:37 • 30/03 Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit 09:28 • 30/03 Armenia proved different integration processes are compatible – Serzh Sargsyan 16:49 • 29/03 Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize 11:18 • 24/03 Russia suspends Jehovah’s Witnesses over extremism 17:38 • 24/03 Russian-Armenian test pilot Stepan Mikoyan dies at 94 14:25 • 28/03 72% of Armenians content with PM Karapetyan’s cabinet, Russian poll center claims   14:20 • 25/03 Military imbalance serious concern in Karabakh peace – parliament runner 17:10 • 28/03 Belarus not at loggerheads with Armenia, Azerbaijan over Nagorno-Karabakh – Lukashenko 13:07 • 28/03 Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project 17:47 • 29/03 New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   12:43 • 27/03 Azerbaijan must recognize Artsakh’s right to self-determination – parliament official 18:15 • 25/03 Armenian president starts working visit to Nagorno-Karabakh 14:20 • 30/03 Armenian military's advantages over Azerbaijan neutralize armament misbalance - minister 16:14 • 28/03 Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  17:02 • 27/03 Czech-Armenian businessman to launch logistic centers in Armenia 16:16 • 29/03 Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts 12:27 • 29/03 Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ 11:52 • 29/03 US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit 11:39 • 29/03 Aravot: April war drastically changed our stance, says Nagorno-Karabakh premier 17:12 • 25/03 Armenian Government planning $44m investments in Aragatsotn region – prime minister 11:00 • 27/03 Three million new migrants may come to Turkey from Iran, says deputy PM 09:52 • 28/03 Armenian citizen arrested in Georgia over weapons smuggling case (video) 11:39 • 27/03 German-Turkish author of Genocide bill warns Turks against backing constitutional amendments Armenia CSTO key security component for Armenia – minister   “Understandably, the CSTO, as well as many international organizations, including military-political unions, know well of differing and at times even ... Armenian Communist leader calls for ‘unconditional reconciliation’ with Turkey, Azerbaijan "Azerbaijan no longer has claims to seize Nagorno-Karabakh, which ... US Ambassador Mills highlights economic benefits of women’s empowerment New EU-Armenia deal ‘exceptional advantage’ – French ambassador   Azerbaijan continues breaching truce on Karabakh frontline April 2 election crucial moment for Armenian voters – ARF politician Armenia to develop safe radioactive waste management project Region Merkel praises Turkey for refugee reception "Apart from all the criticism we currently have for Turkey, they did a lot for the 3 million refugees and it's right that Europe would ... Turkish Airlines expands Moscow-Antalya connections   Round-trip fares from Moscow to Antalya start from 219 Euros (around $236), the airline said, adding that the prices included ... Karabakh peace mediators sum up regional visit US updates travel warning to Turkey ahead of Tillerson’s visit US Congressman Schiff makes call for Genocide recognition Turkey-EU tension endangers customs union plan Turkish Airlines breaks daily passenger record despite laptop ban   World US priority on Syria no longer focussed on 'getting Assad out' - ambassador "You pick and choose your battles and when we're looking at this, it's about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit there and focus ... US Coast Guard seizes 16 tons of cocaine Officials said the haul would have garnered more than $1 billion dollars — about $70,000 a kilo — on the street. The James, working with a helicopter ... Trump daughter to become unpaid government employee Lebanese president takes tumble as Arab summit starts Britain’s May signs letter that will trigger Brexit $4.1m in cash and three kilos of heroin found hidden in furniture sprayed with fox urine to mask smell Powerful cyclone ‘Monster’ makes landfall in Australia Business Converse Bank launches energy-efficient housing construction project in Armenia “Within the framework of 4 stages of the Housing Finance project to be implemented in Armenia, mortgage lending will be carried out in two directions – “Energy efficient ... Huawei reports flat profit for 2016, revenues slow Strong competition in China's smartphone market from previously little-known domestic rivals OPPO and Vivo cost Huawei its top spot ... Ford recalling over 440,000 cars in North America UK-German stock exchange deal blocked Ucom initiates Cloudflare data center deployment in Yerevan Drops: New software app to ease population’s financial burden  American Airlines in partnership deal with China Southern Science/tech Samsung Galaxy S8 hides home button and gains Bixby AI The screens of the Galaxy S8 and bigger S8+ are also larger despite the devices being about the same size as last year's S7 and ... iPhone users fooled by fake ransomware A pop-up screen accused the phone owner of accessing illegal pornography or pirating music and could not be removed. However the ransomware ... Tesla CEO creates Neuralink brain electrode firm Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 677 days in orbit Twitter explores subscription-based option for first time New WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacks iPhones and MacBooks Smartphone device can test sperm quality   Culture French artist turns chicken for three-week egg hatching He will live inside a glass vivarium until his charges hatch, watched by visitors to the Palais de Tokyo museum in Paris ... Bob Dylan agrees to accept Nobel Prize The academy said it would meet Dylan, 75, in private in the Swedish capital, where he is giving two concerts. He will not lecture in person but is expected ... Eurovision 2017 to hit the silver screen in France   Eurovision 2017: Armenia's entrant ‘second best female soloist’ Aznavour planning concert tour to Moscow Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince of Bel-Air pals Moscow impressionism museum hosts Armenian exhibition Armsport.am Miami Open: Konta to face Venus Williams in semi-finals Tenth seed Konta gave up the only break of the first set but hit back to race into a 3-0 lead early in the second. Third seed Halep recovered ... Ronaldo unveils questionable statue of himself at airport ceremony The Real Madrid superstar is back in his island homeland, having played for Portugal here on Tuesday night followed by Wednesday morning’s ... Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium catches fire Football: Mkhitaryan, Ozbilis secure Armenia’s 2-0 win against Kazakhstan Lewis Hamilton wins Australian Grand Prix Ferrari are F1 title favourites, says Lewis Hamilton Puerto Rico baseball fans go blond in support of team Lifestyle Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans Gone were her long extensions in favor of a sleek angular style which was just a little bit longer than the current go-to haircut, a lob. Kim's angular ... New Jersey man gets wish, returns to work on 100th birthday Hutchinson Plumbing, Heating and Cooling in Cherry Hill made Bill Hansen's wish come true, and on Monday welcomed back the retired permit ... Hypnodog! German Spitz stuns Chinese TV show by putting ELEVEN spectators to sleep using just its eyes Elephant starving in Venezuela zoo becomes symbol of economic crisis in once-wealthy country Astonishing moment lightning hits a car and sends it flying along the road at high speed before a terrified passenger escapes Woman finds strange snake-like creature with 'two heads' in her garden  Odd-shaped fruit selling for £21,000 apiece in Japan Event EU to issue Brexit negotiation guidelines They will help set the tone for two years of tough negotiations and efforts to finalise a deal, BBC News reports. EU leaders say ... US judge extends Trump travel ban Judge Derrick Watson's ruling means Mr Trump will be barred from enforcing the ban on six mostly Muslim nations while it is contested ... 17 killed in Baghdad as Iraqi forces battle to Mosul mosque Boeing jet catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported Trump son-in-law faces questions over Russia ties Trump taps Kushner to lead a SWAT team to fix government with business ideas World cities and monuments switch off for Earth Hour Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: US trying to arrange new Sargsyan-Aliyev talks   The meeting will be the first after the May 2016 talks in Vienna, Austria and St Petersburg, Russia, says the paper ... Zhamanak: Russian-Armenian businessman wants meeting with ex premier Samvel Karapetyan's request wasn’t turned down, says the paper, as the Abrahamyans’ family have invited the him to dinner to consider possible cooperation ... Zhamanak: Actor Vardan Petrosyan to leave Armenia permanently Hraparak: Joint Russian-Armenian fund plan finalized 168 Zham: Armenia increasingly attractive to Iranian tourists Hraparak: Pretext behind rapid initialing of new EU-Armenia deal 168 Zham: 'Sobering slap' for Azerbaijan Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Firstpost . Friday, March 31, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics UP meat sellers may end strike; CM Yogi Adityanath assures 'no action against licensed slaughterhouses' Finance Bill 2017 does nothing to make political funding transparent; here's how it can be done Yogi Adityanath's namaaz-surya namaskar remark is about similarity between Islam and Hinduism AK Saseendran sting: Mangalam TV admits to honey-trapping Kerala minister UP slaughterhouse crackdown: Meat traders meet CM Yogi Adityanath, withdraw strike after govt assurance Can Sumitra Mahajan explain why she let Ravindra Gakwad off the hook? Sports India vs Australia: Umesh Yadav's ferocity even at end of grinding season a testament to his fitness India vs Australia: Ajinkya Rahane did well, but what if Ravindra Jadeja or R Ashwin had captained hosts? Miami Open: Roger Federer survives Tomas Berdych onslaught to enter semis, Nick Kyrgios also wins Premier League: Barcelona job 'impossible' for Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino West Indies vs Pakistan: Shadab Khan spins his magic again to lead visitors to 3-run victory Fifa World Cup 2026: All football regions to have more qualifying slots for 48-team tournament India The great Indian irony: Farmers starve while politicians’ agricultural incomes continue to rise Supreme Court: No summer vacation for 15 judges, to hear cases on triple talaq, WhatsApp privacy Notes ban kicks in from 1 April: Don't hold more than 10 notes of Rs 500, Rs 1000 from tomorrow , it's illegal Heat Wave in India: Climate change is here, prepare for irregular weather, says senior meteorologist Finance Bill 2017 does nothing to make political funding transparent; here's how it can be done Yogi Adityanath's namaaz-surya namaskar remark is about similarity between Islam and Hinduism World Clashes erupt against President Nicolas Maduro in Venezuela following court ruling After Brexit: Growth of global secessionist voices calls for more dialogue and less 'anti-national' slander Russian President Vladimir Putin says climate change good for economy Ousted South Korean President Park Geun-hye arrested, jailed after long saga Former Donald Trump advisor Michael Flynn offers testimony for immunity: Report Pentagon responds to criticism over civilian deaths in Mosul blast | Reuters Business Ban on BS-III vehicles: Here's a list of discounted Honda, Suzuki, Bajaj, Hero and Mahindra two-wheelers The great Indian irony: Farmers starve while politicians’ agricultural incomes continue to rise Notes ban kicks in from 1 April: Don't hold more than 10 notes of Rs 500, Rs 1000 from tomorrow , it's illegal Finance Bill 2017 does nothing to make political funding transparent; here's how it can be done BS-III vehicle ban: 2-wheeler majors Hero, Honda, Bajaj Auto, Suzuki offer discounts up to Rs 22,000 Bug in UPI: Bank of Maharashtra sees one of India's biggest frauds worth Rs 25 crore Life Watch: This ad normalises trans parenting through the story of a mother and adopted child Africans attacked in India: This photographer trained his lens on racism against community Child sexual abuse may cause girls to hit puberty early, says research Tiger conservation: After Panna reserve success, 6 big cats to be relocated in Bengal's Buxa from Assam Thought-controlled robotic arms may be a reality soon: Brain implant lets paralysed man feed himself Anti-rape law: Concerns that women will misuse 'draconian' law is why our legal system so murky Entertainment Game of Thrones Season 7 promo 'Long Walk' tells us who the most crucial characters will be Karan Johar's twins Yash and Roohi have this beautiful nursery, designed by Gauri Khan Kabir Khan to direct a web-series based on Subhash Chandra Bose, INA post-Tubelight The Salesman movie review: Asghar Farhadi’s film poses moral questions about relationships, trauma Naam Shabana movie review: Taapsee-Prithviraj-Akshay combined cannot erase the film’s lack of conviction A Dog’s Purpose movie review: A feel-good film for those who're fond of pets Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी You are here: Latest News World News Peru: Passengers flee to safety as Boeing 737 jetliner catches fire after crash landing Peru: Passengers flee to safety as Boeing 737 jetliner catches fire after crash landing AFPMar, 30 2017 09:31:36 IST #Boeing 737#Jetliner crash#Lima#Newstracker#Peru#Peruvian arilines Lima: A Peruvian Airlines jetliner caught fire seconds after crash-landing at an airport in Peru but all 141 passengers on board escaped unhurt, authorities said. Representational image. AP Footage aired by RPP television showed black smoke pouring from the Boeing 737 next to a runway at Jauja airport in the center of the country on Tuesday. The aircraft was eventually reduced to a charred shell. "Thank god we were saved, we got out fine," said one of the passengers, Walter Montoya, on RPP's radio station. "The pilot did an emergency landing and there was a heavy impact." The airline said in a statement that "the 141 passengers on board were evacuated by our crew. No passenger was hurt in any considerable way." It added: "The pilot's skill... avoided greater misfortune." It said the airline and authorities were investigating. The head of the transport ministry's civil aviation authority Juan Carlos Pavic said on the radio that the fire broke out when the plane's right wing touched the ground on landing. Regional police chief Jose Cueva told RPP the plane suffered a technical fault in a landing gear. #Boeing 737#Jetliner crash#Lima#Newstracker#Peru#Peruvian arilines Published Date: Mar 30, 2017 09:31 am | Updated Date: Mar 30, 2017 09:31 am Also See Olympics: Los Angeles insists it only wants to host 2024 Games amid deal speculation Barcelona brand Lionel Messi's four-match international ban 'unfair and totally disproportionate' World Cup qualifiers: Argentina face tough Chile test, leaders Brazil take on Uruguay World Cup qualifiers: Brazil first team to qualify for Russia 2018 after Uruguay lose to Peru Top Stories UDAN takes off: 5 airlines to fly 128 routes, link 70 airports; first flight next month Yogi Adityanath Visits Cow Shelter Run by Mulayam's Son Prateek Attacks on African students in Greater Noida: Attackers are not racist, they are an ignorant lot India vs Australia: Umesh Yadav's ferocity even at end of grinding season a testament to his fitness Five things to prepare yourself for the next financial year 'Mangalam TV’s sting on AK Saseendran was a honey trap', claims staffer who quit in protest Naam Shabana movie review: Taapsee-Prithviraj-Akshay combined cannot erase the film’s lack of conviction Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC World Cricket League Championship, 2015/17 Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 Pakistan beat West Indies by 3 runs Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 Match Abandoned Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 Pakistan beat West Indies by 6 wickets Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 Bangladesh beat Sri Lanka by 90 runs Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 India beat Australia by 8 wickets South Africa in New Zealand, 3 Test Series, 2017 New Zealand drew with South Africa Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 7 wickets Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Ireland beat Afghanistan by 3 wickets Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Ireland beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Apr 1st, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 1st, 2017, 10:00 PM IST ICC World Cricket League Championship, 2015/17 UAE vs PNG - Apr 2nd, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 2nd, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, ODI series, 2017 UAE vs PNG - Apr 4th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 T20 International Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Apr 4th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs BLR - Apr 5th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 T20 International Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Apr 6th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs MUM - Apr 6th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 7th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Revels Life Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Site Archive Madness has Tall Firs roots Wednesday Mar 29, 2017 at 8:01 PM Mar 29, 2017 at 8:01 PM By Anne M. PetersonThe Associated Press The historical significance of Oregon's return to the Final Four was not lost on coach Dana Altman. The Ducks face North Carolina in the national semifinals in Glendale, Arizona, on Saturday. Oregon hasn't been this close to the title game since the team won the inaugural NCAA Tournament in 1939. Altman called it "a long drought." Perhaps one that could end this season after 78 years? The Oregon Webfoots won the NCAA title with a 46-33 victory over Ohio State at Northwestern University. The team would become known by the nickname the Tall Firs — a nod to both the Oregon landscape and the fact that the players loomed taller than most of their opponents. The Webfoots' front line included 6-foot-4 John Dick, 6-foot-4 leading scorer Laddie Gale and 6-foot-8 Urgel (Slim) Wintermute. Guards Bobby Anet, a 5-foot-8 playmaker, and 5-foot-10 Wally Johansen rounded out the starting five. Anet and Johansen grew up on the same street in Astoria, Oregon, and had played together since junior high. Coach Howard Hobson told The Associated Press in 1988 that Anet, who passed away in 1981, was the heart of the Tall Firs. "He was the greatest floor general I ever had," said Hobson, who also coached at Yale and was enshrined in the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1965. "He sparked the team. He was its leader." Dick went on to serve 32 years in the U.S. Navy, enlisting the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941, and rising to the rank of rear admiral. He was at the final game played at Oregon's famed McArthur Court in 2011, and pumped his fist for the crowd when he was announced at halftime. He died later that year. Reserve guard Ford "Moon" Mullen went on to play baseball in the majors for the Philadelphia Blue Jays (Phillies) in 1944. Wintermute worked at Boeing. On the way to the first Big Dance , the Tall Firs won the Northern Division of the Pacific Coast Conference, then beat Southern Division champion California in a three-game series. The victory sent Oregon to the regional tournament on Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay, where the team beat Texas, 56-41, and Oklahoma, 55-37, before heading to Illinois for the title game via train. The eight-team NCAA Tournament was founded by the National Association of Basketball Coaches to compete with the National Invitation Tournament in New York. Denver-based writer Terry Frei, who grew up in Eugene and is the son of former Oregon football coach Jerry Frei, wrote a book about the Tall Firs called "March 1939: before the Madness." "They were so well-coached and they were big along the front line — almost revolutionarily big — and they had racehorse guards, especially the captain guard Bobby Anet, who kept everything in control," Frei said. "So I think it was a real complementary chemistry-type team far ahead of its time that way." Dick led all scorers with 13 points in the championship game against the Big Ten champions before maybe 5,000 fans, many of whom were given free tickets. Fans in Eugene listened to the game on the radio — it was the same year John Steinbeck's "Grapes of Wrath" was published and that "Gone with the Wind" came out in theaters — then later descended by the thousands at the local train station to welcome back the team. "They were largely for the most part small-town boys. Laddie Gale was from Oakridge, two of the starters were from Astoria, Slim Wintermute was from Longview, Washington, and John Dick was from The Dalles," Frei said. "So there was a small-town feel to the team, small-town heroes who stepped up big." Frei noted with a laugh that the players got $2 from a kitty to celebrate following the victory. Several of them took a train from the Northwestern campus into Chicago. "I think some of us had a couple of Heinekens or something," Frei quoted Anet as saying later. "It was quite late and none of us were big on bars or things like that, mainly because nobody ever had any money." Third-seeded Oregon, which last year advanced to the Elite Eight before falling to Oklahoma, defeated No. 1 seed Kansas 74-60 on Saturday to advance to the Final Four. North Carolina beat Kentucky 75-73. In the other semifinal, Gonzaga faces South Carolina. Altman believes this Oregon team is building its own historic legacy. "The seven years we've been at Oregon we've had great guys to work with. I feel great for those guys that our staff had a relationship with, but I also feel good for all the other players that have built Oregon basketball; 1939 is a long drought, but there are a lot of guys that played and built some tradition at Oregon," Altman said. For more information on Terry Frei's book: www.terryfrei.com/madness.html AP Sports Writer Bob Baum contributed to this report. More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25 Follow Anne M. Peterson on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/AnnieMPeterson About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Sports Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. DailyTidings.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Education Environment Business Politics and elections State News Nation - World Shareable Databases Sports High school Southern Oregon University Auto Racing Voices Editorial Letters Guest opinions Columns Chris Honore Council Corner Editor's Notes Jeffrey Gillespie Herb Rothschild Revels Theater Music Visual Art Movies Food and Drink Cruelest Month: Poetry Blog Lifestyle Aging Happens As It Was Inner Peace Column Inner Peace Blog Mocha Musings We Regret to Inform You Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber Subscriber controls Email alerts Text Alerts Subscriptions Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:06 GMT +331 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Blast Hits Northwestern Pakistan: Five People Killed, 40 Wounded Pentagon Awards General Electric $114 Million for 28 Fighter Jet Engines © AFP 2017/ US Air Force / File US 04:30 30.03.2017(updated 04:56 30.03.2017) Get short URL 0 29422 Amid the shortfalls in production numbers of the new F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighters, the Pentagon has started renovation of its other jets, ordering production of 28 engines for the Boeing Super-Hornet fighter jet and the Growler electronic warfare aircraft. © AP Photo/ Airman Magazine F-35 Flaw Has Lockheed Scrambling for a SolutionWASHINGTON, (Sputnik) — General Electric won a $114.8 million US Navy contract to manufacture 28 engines and associated devices for the Boeing Super-Hornet fighter jet and the Growler electronic warfare aircraft, the Department of Defense said in a press release. "General Electric Co., Lynn, Massachusetts, is being awarded an $114,885,988 firm-fixed-price contract for the procurement of 28 Lot 20 and 21 full-rate production F414-GE-400 install engines and associated devices for the F/A-18E/F and the EA-18 G aircraft," the release stated said on Wednesday. The US Navy is upgrading its veteran Super-Hornets to compensate for anticipated shortfalls in production numbers of the new F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighters, according to published reports. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 22 Related: AWOL for 45 Years: Elderly US Air Force Deserter Arrested in Florida Funding Emergency? Trump, US Air Force Request $147M for Next Secret Jet Tags: engine, Boeing EA-18G Growler, Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, General Electric, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:52Russia Hands India Kudankulam NPP's 2nd Unit for Guarantee Maintenance - ASE 09:23Flynn Offers to Testify on Trump Team's Alleged Ties With Russia Under Immunity 09:17Blast Hits Northwestern Pakistan: 30 People Reportedly Wounded 08:50NATO Foreign Ministers to Meet in Brussels Today 08:19China’s Manufacturing PMI For March at 5-Year-High – Statistics BureauAll news US Air Force F-22 Jets Now Armed With New Sidewinder Missiles 8753 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 8138 War in This Mideast Country is 'Becoming a PR Disaster for Saudi Arabia, US' 8004 From Soviet Archives: Rare Photos of McCain During Vietnam War Revealed 7943 Syrian Army Discovers Secret Daesh Weapons Caches in Aleppo 6478All news Washington's Greater Middle East Project 'Aims at Creating Kurdish State' 39 US Senators Get Lesson on Twitter Trolls at Costly Russian Interference Hearing 34 Trump Administration Signals It Won't Seek Assad’s Ouster 33 Blame Game?! US Lawmaker Cites Russian ‘Bots’ for Swing State Losses 33 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Monroe to Kardashian: How Beauty Standards Changed Throughout History And We All Thought Bush Was the Weirdest President Ever ... Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Sports 78 years ago, Oregon’s Tall Firs won the 1st NCAA Tournament By The Associated Press From page B4 | March 30, 2017 The historical significance of Oregon’s return to the Final Four was not lost on coach Dana Altman. The Ducks face North Carolina in the national semifinals in Glendale, Arizona, on Saturday. Oregon hasn’t been this close to the title game since the team won the inaugural NCAA Tournament in 1939. Altman called it “a long drought.” Perhaps one that could end this season after 78 years? The Oregon Webfoots won the NCAA title with a 46-33 victory over Ohio State at Northwestern University. The team would become known by the nickname the Tall Firs — a nod to both the Oregon landscape and the fact that the players loomed taller than most of their opponents. The Webfoots’ front line included 6-foot-4 John Dick, 6-foot-4 leading scorer Laddie Gale and 6-foot-8 Urgel (Slim) Wintermute. Guards Bobby Anet, a 5-foot-8 playmaker, and 5-foot-10 Wally Johansen rounded out the starting five. Anet and Johansen grew up on the same street in Astoria, Oregon, and had played together since junior high. Coach Howard Hobson told The Associated Press in 1988 that Anet, who passed away in 1981, was the heart of the Tall Firs. “He was the greatest floor general I ever had,” said Hobson, who also coached at Yale and was enshrined in the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1965. “He sparked the team. He was its leader.” Dick went on to serve 32 years in the U.S. Navy, enlisting the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941, and rising to the rank of rear admiral. He was at the final game played at Oregon’s famed McArthur Court in 2011, and pumped his fist for the crowd when he was announced at halftime. He died later that year. Reserve guard Ford “Moon” Mullen went on to play baseball in the majors for the Philadelphia Blue Jays (Phillies) in 1944. Wintermute worked at Boeing. On the way to the first Big Dance, the Tall Firs won the Northern Division of the Pacific Coast Conference, then beat Southern Division champion California in a three-game series. The victory sent Oregon to the regional tournament on Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay, where the team beat Texas, 56-41, and Oklahoma, 55-37, before heading to Illinois for the title game via train. The eight-team NCAA Tournament was founded by the National Association of Basketball Coaches to compete with the National Invitation Tournament in New York. Denver-based writer Terry Frei, who grew up in Eugene and is the son of former Oregon football coach Jerry Frei, wrote a book about the Tall Firs called “March 1939: before the Madness.” “They were so well-coached and they were big along the front line — almost revolutionarily big — and they had racehorse guards, especially the captain guard Bobby Anet, who kept everything in control,” Frei said. “So I think it was a real complementary chemistry-type team far ahead of its time that way.” Dick led all scorers with 13 points in the championship game against the Big Ten champions before maybe 5,000 fans, many of whom were given free tickets. Fans in Eugene listened to the game on the radio — it was the same year John Steinbeck’s “Grapes of Wrath” was published and that “Gone with the Wind” came out in theaters — then later descended by the thousands at the local train station to welcome back the team. “They were largely for the most part small-town boys. Laddie Gale was from Oakridge, two of the starters were from Astoria, Slim Wintermute was from Longview, Washington, and John Dick was from The Dalles,” Frei said. “So there was a small-town feel to the team, small-town heroes who stepped up big.” Frei noted with a laugh that the players got $2 from a kitty to celebrate following the victory. Several of them took a train from the Northwestern campus into Chicago. “I think some of us had a couple of Heinekens or something,” Frei quoted Anet as saying later. “It was quite late and none of us were big on bars or things like that, mainly because nobody ever had any money.” Third-seeded Oregon, which last year advanced to the Elite Eight before falling to Oklahoma, defeated No. 1 seed Kansas 74-60 on Saturday to advance to the Final Four. North Carolina beat Kentucky 75-73. In the other semifinal, Gonzaga faces South Carolina. Altman believes this Oregon team is building its own historic legacy. “The seven years we’ve been at Oregon we’ve had great guys to work with. I feel great for those guys that our staff had a relationship with, but I also feel good for all the other players that have built Oregon basketball; 1939 is a long drought, but there are a lot of guys that played and built some tradition at Oregon,” Altman said. The Associated Press Story Archive Leave a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | No comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Recent Articles TVGrid Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead California’s robust mountain snowpack boosts flood concerns As GOP schism grows, Trump attacks fellow Republicans North Carolina rolls back ‘bathroom bill’ despite criticism White House tells Russia probers: Come see intel yourselves Michael Flynn in talks with Congress, wary of prosecution Discover Solano Spring 2017: Empress Theatre Discover Solano Spring 2017: Sonoma County Discover Solano Spring 2017: Suisun City Waterfront Discover Solano Spring 2017: Yolo County Discover Solano Spring 2017: Mare Island Museum Discover Solano Spring 2017: Vallejo Discover Solano Spring 2017: Benicia State Recreation Area The road to single-payer health care Discover Solano 2017: Downtown Theatre Entertainment calendar: March 31, 2017 Discover Solano Spring 2017: Vacaville Premium Outlets Discover Solano Spring 2017: Benicia Plein Air Gallery Week in preview: March 31-April 6, 2017 Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Stars and Stripes 03-30-17 Home Seller 03-25-2017 Stars and Stripes 03-23-17 Count for Cash: March 2017 Women Making a Difference 2017 Coupons and More: March 2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis: February 2017 Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
null
Hot Topics: BVSD chief on leave Boulder Ice Cream co-owner Sanitas Trail 'falling apart' Man who set himself on fire dies Hit-and-run crash News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Longmont's EnerSys hosting aerospace symposium April 19 By Shay Castle Staff Writer Posted:   03/30/2017 04:06:20 PM MDT Updated:   03/30/2017 04:06:48 PM MDT Aerospace firm EnerSys Advanced Systems is holding an event to celebrate Longmont's role in the industry. The Longmont Aerospace Symposium will be held April 19 at the Plaza Convention Center, 1850 Industrial Circle, from 5 to 7:30 p.m. Industry leaders — including officials from EnerSys, Lockheed Martin, Orbital, Boeing and NASA — will speak at the public event. Updates will be given on missions to Mars and the role Longmont businesses have played in them. The event is being held in conjunction with Colorado Citizens for Space Exploration, Colorado Space Business Roundtable and the Longmont Economic Development Partnership. Advertisement Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Historic Alps Boulder Canyon Inn and its 'one of a kind' property for sale CU-led MAVEN mission to Mars quantifies atmospheric loss Pinwheel initiative represents child abuse awareness in Boulder County   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Track and field: Locals break several records at Lyons Invitational Niwot girls shine on way to team crown; Monarch's Green takes 1,600 title LYONS — The motivation to qualify for next week's prestigious Arcadia Invitational paid significant dividends for Monarch distance runner Isaac Green on Thursday. Full Story Girls golf: Holy Family freshman Schalk off to blistering start Fairview's Brent Wrapp bows out of NIT semifinals with Cal State-Bakersfield Roberts races to top US finish at World Championships Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Flight Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Get Smart Learn to Code on the Cheap With This Complete Guide China Is Developing Reusable Rockets with Parachutes and Airbags A possible alternative to SpaceX's landing technique. Most Popular Getty STR/AFP By David Grossman Mar 30, 2017 Reusable rockets are one of the biggest potential boons to space exploration. If you could relaunch a rocket multiple times before discarding it, you could drastically cut down on the costs of spaceflight. So the China National Space Administration (CNSA) is developing a system to recover parts of rockets used in launches. Others have done this in various ways. NASA's Space Shuttle, flown from 1976 to 2011, was partially reusable. The first stage of SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket is reusable as well, with the company's first relaunch of a booster occurring today. However, the CNSA is taking a different approach than Elon Musk and the engineers at SpaceX. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below SpaceX's rockets land vertically on ground pads or barge-like drone ships in the middle of the ocean. The Falcon 9 slows itself down as it falls back to Earth by firing its main engines before touching down. Ultimately, SpaceX predicts that by reusing rockets, it can cut the cost of launching a Falcon 9 to customers by about 30 percent. However, the CNSA thinks there are cheaper and simpler ways to get the same results. Namely, parachutes and airbags. Most Popular In the CNSA's proposed system, parachutes would launch on the booster after it separates from the other stages of the rocket. A guidance system could be used to control movement, making sure the rocket component lands where it's supposed to. Then more parachutes would launch to slow it for landing and an airbag would deploy right before when it hits the ground. "The mainstream trend of modern rocket development is to increase the thrust and reduce the number of rocket engine. That is also why China, as well as Airbus, Boeing and Lockheed Martin did not use the technology," said researcher Deng Xinyu . These rockets, he told China Daily, would "determine the extent" of the country's space program. Airbags and parachutes provide problems of their own, of course. The expense SpaceX puts into its vertical landing system hypothetically gives it complete control over the booster's movement. "With a parachute you may hit a mountain top or end up in thick forest on a tropical island," professor Sun Yi, director of the aerospace science and mechanics department at the Harbin Institute of Technology, told the South China Morning Post. There's also the problem of designing an airbag to support the massive rocket booster. It keeps Xinyu busy. Describing his work schedule to China Daily, he sounds positively Musk-like. "I arrive in the office at 8 am every day and go home at about 8:30 pm. I also work at least one day over the weekend. Usually, I have only one supper with my family each week," he says. "But I don't regret choosing this job and I am still energetic. This is because my job keeps bringing me new challenges and inspiration." If his team is able to get a rocket booster to land on an airbag, there could be a whole new way to reuse launch vehicles. Source: South China Morning Post More from Popular Mechanics: More From Rockets Rockets Share SpaceX Successfully Relaunches, Relands an Orbital Rocket Rockets Share Save the Date for SpaceX's First Reused Rocket Flight Rockets Share The Foil That Helped Apollo Astronauts Get Back From the Moon Rockets Share Canada Is Finally Getting Its Own Spaceport Rockets Share SpaceX Is Launching a Satellite Into Orbit on Thursday Rockets Share NASA Considers Putting Astronauts Aboard The First Megarocket Flight Rockets Share SpaceX Nails Cape Canaveral Launch—And Landing the Rocket Rockets Share Watch SpaceX's Second Attempt To Launch Their Newest Mission Rockets Share SpaceX Steering Issue Delays Launch, Rescheduled For Sunday Rockets Share The SpaceX Rocket Launch Has Been Abruptly Cancelled Space Rockets deng xinyu china China Space Program china national space agency reusable rockets Reuse Rockets Reusable Rocket Reused Falcon 9 Reuse Rocket Musk: SpaceX Now Has "All the Pieces" For Truly Reusable Rockets 12 Items Made More Awesome With Rockets Russia Actually Lights Rockets With an Oversized Wooden Match Airbus Wants to Land Reusable Rocket Engines with Propellers U.S. Comes to Blows with China Over Autos Manufacturing Japan Plans Record Defense Spending to Keep Pace With China More From Rockets PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
CLOSE Television Schedule Arctic Entries In My Family Indie Alaska AK Passport Radio Schedule Stream KSKA 91.1 FM Podcasts 49 Voices A Closer Look Addressing Alaskans AK Community in Unity Hometown, Alaska Line One New Arrivals Outdoor Explorer Stage Talk Talk of Alaska News All Podcasts Alaska News Nightly Alaska News – APRN Alaska Politics Alaska’s Energy Desk Environment Urban Affairs Alaska Edition Iditarod 2017 Kids & Family Kids Club Join In My Family Support Membership AK Passport Update Your Membership Account Leadership Circle Planned Giving Give Stocks Sponsorship Vehicle Donation About Us Contact Organization People Funding Public Documents Public Meetings Careers Events Contribute Television Schedule Arctic Entries In My Family Indie Alaska AK Passport Radio Schedule Stream KSKA 91.1 FM Podcasts 49 Voices A Closer Look Addressing Alaskans AK Community in Unity Hometown, Alaska Line One New Arrivals Outdoor Explorer Stage Talk Talk of Alaska News All Podcasts Alaska News Nightly Alaska News – APRN Alaska Politics Alaska’s Energy Desk Environment Urban Affairs Alaska Edition Iditarod 2017 Kids & Family Kids Club Join In My Family Support Membership AK Passport Update Your Membership Account Leadership Circle Planned Giving Give Stocks Sponsorship Vehicle Donation About Us Contact Organization People Funding Public Documents Public Meetings Careers Events Contribute Alaska News Nightly: Thursday, March 30, 2017 By Wesley Early, Alaska Public Media - March 30, 2017 tweet Stories are posted on the APRN news page. You can subscribe to APRN’s newsfeeds via email, podcast and RSS. Follow us on Facebook at alaskapublic.org and on Twitter @aprn Listen now Congress lets states block some Planned Parenthood money Associated Press The Senate has voted to let states block federal family planning money from going to Planned Parenthood affiliates and other abortion providers. Searching for signs of Seward in DC Liz Ruskin, Alaska Public Media – Washington D.C. Exactly 150 years ago, on March 30, 1867, the United States signed a treaty to buy Alaska from Russia. The treaty changed the course of Alaska history, but did it leave any mark on the city where it was signed? Naknek Electric sues former manager for $1 million over embezzlement allegations Dave Bendinger, KDLG – Dillingham The Naknek Electric Association has filed a lawsuit against its former longtime manager Donna Vukich, seeking $1 million in damages. NEA alleges Vukich used the company credit card for personal expenses going back more than a decade, and says she is no longer cooperating to pay back the embezzled funds. Immigration agents round up 84 in Alaska, Washington, Oregon Associated Press Immigration authorities say agents rounded up 84 people – including 60 with criminal records – during a three-day operation in Washington, Oregon and Alaska. Ask the Energy Desk: What about wave and tidal energy in Alaska? Elizabeth Jenkins, Alaska’s Energy Desk – Juneau When you think about renewable energy in Alaska, what comes to mind? Probably wind, which contributes to about 3 percent of the state’s power generation. And maybe solar panels, which are starting to gain momentum. But there’s also the potential for what lies along 6,500 miles of coastline. Formerly all-Boeing Alaska Air to keep Airbus jets for ‘foreseeable future’ Tom Banse, Northwest News Network – Oregon Alaska Airlines executives say the integration of former rival Virgin America is proceeding on track. Parent company Alaska Air Group updated Wall Street analysts on the merger at an “Investor Day” briefing in New York City on Wednesday. Bill would halve Gov. Walker’s pension bond authority Andrew Kitchenman, KTOO – Juneau Alaska is projected to owe public workers more than $6 billion more in pensions than it has in assets. So state officials are looking for ways to save money. Specialty crop grant deadline approaches Casey Grove, Alaska Public Media – Anchorage Tis the season for specialty crop grant applications. The grants are part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s effort to expand certain crops and are distributed by the state Division of Agriculture. Hanneman realizes dream with national championship win Dan Bross, KUAC – Fairbanks The Super Tour spring series cross country ski races continued in Fairbanks last (Weds) night with national championship skate technique sprints. Bethel organizers prepare for Cama’i Dance Festival Anna Rose MacArthur, KYUK – Bethel The 2017 Cama’i Dance Festival begins tomorrow at the Bethel Regional High School. The weekend-long cultural celebration marks the largest annual gathering of Alaska Native dance in the world. SHARE Facebook Twitter Previous articleAsk the Energy Desk: What about wave and tidal energy in Alaska? Next articleSpecialty crop grant deadline approaches Wesley Early, Alaska Public Media RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Bethel organizers prepare for the 2017 Cama’i Dance Festival Bill would halve Gov. Walker’s pension bond authority Specialty crop grant deadline approaches Listen / Watch Thanks To Our Sponsors QUICK LINKS Contact Us Organization Careers People Public Documents Public Meetings Events Community Calendar E-Newsletter CONTRIBUTE Ways to Give Update Member Info Corporate Sponsorship Volunteering FOLLOW US Contact Contact Us Become a Business Supporter Ask About your Membership Tell Us About a Website Problem Report a Radio/TV Problem Share a News Tip Kids Club Kids Club Home Join Kids Club Kids Club Sponsors Support Membership Sustainers Update Your Member Account Major and Planned Giving About PBS Passport Donate Your Vehicle Give Stock About Us Organization People Public Documents Public Meetings Careers Sponsorship Calendars Event Calendar Community Calendar © Alaska Public Media 2016. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › science home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close International Space Station Lost in space: debris shield bag floats away from astronauts during ISS spacewalk US astronauts were halfway through their mission to prepare a docking port for upcoming commercial space taxis when they lost a bag of equipment 'Peggy I don't have a shield': ISS astronauts lose key piece of equipment International Space Station Lost in space: debris shield bag floats away from astronauts during ISS spacewalk US astronauts were halfway through their mission to prepare a docking port for upcoming commercial space taxis when they lost a bag of equipment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuters Thursday 30 March 2017 21.04 EDT Last modified on Thursday 30 March 2017 21.09 EDT A 1.5m (5ft) debris shield being installed on the International Space Station has floated away during a spacewalk by two veteran US astronauts. Peggy Whitson, who became the world’s most experienced female spacewalker during the outing, told ground control teams that a bag containing the debris shield floated away at about 10am EDT/1400 GMT on Thursday. 'We've left junk everywhere': why space pollution could be humanity's next big problem Read more At the time, Whitson, 57, and station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, were about midway through a planned 6.5-hour spacewalk to prepare a docking port for upcoming commercial space taxis and to tackle other maintenance tasks. It was the eighth spacewalk for Whitson, who surpassed the 50-hour, 40-minute record total cumulative spacewalk time by a female astronaut previously held by Nasa astronaut Sunita Williams. Cameras on the station tracked the debris shield bag as it sailed into the distance. Nasa said engineers determined it posed no safety threat to the astronauts or to the facility, a $100bn research laboratory that flies about 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. No other details were immediately available about how the shield, which weighs 8 kg, was lost. “Teams are focused on completing the (spacewalk) and will review the events as they unfolded after it is completed,” Nasa spokesman Dan Huot wrote in an email. Whitson and Kimbrough were working on a docking port that will eventually be used by space taxis being developed by Boeing and privately owned Space Exploration Technologies. The pair installed three other debris shields during their spacewalk and fitted a temporary cover over the docking port where the lost shield would have gone. While not a perfect fit, the cover will help protect the station from impacts and provide thermal shielding, Nasa said. Spacewalkers occasionally lose small items like nuts and screws, but rarely do large objects slip away. The last such occasion was in 2008 when an astronaut lost hold of her tool bag while struggling with a jammed solar panel. The lost debris shield will eventually be pulled back into Earth’s atmosphere and burn up. Until then, it joins more than 21,000 other pieces of orbiting trash and debris that are big enough to be tracked by radar and cameras on Earth. Topics International Space Station Space Nasa news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science selected media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Science › International Space Station back to top US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 March 2017 by Military News RealWear Announces North American Expansion; Opens Vancouver, WA Office for Key Corporate Functions MILPITAS, Calif. & VANCOUVER, Wash.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–RealWear today announced it is expanding operations and opening an office in Vancouver, Washington to fulfill early significant industry demand for the HMT-1, the first voice-driven, completely hands-free, head-mounted tablet for connected industrial workers. The company’s first major North American expansion will serve key corporate functions in anticipation of the general availability launch of the HMT-1 in July 2017. “We selected Vancouver for its vibrant, growing business environment, talent pool, economic advantages, and quality of life offerings for our employees. The superb facilities at Fort Vancouver and the enthusiasm and dedication of the people we met from the City of Vancouver, the Fort Vancouver National Trust, and the CREDC only made our decision easier,” said Andy Lowery, CEO, RealWear. “We are thrilled to be in Vancouver and expect that our expansion will provide us the support and flexibility we need to grow our company rapidly and efficiently.” As RealWear establishes itself long term as part of the Vancouver business community, it expects operations to expand significantly in the coming months and years. This will result in job creation across a wide range of fields including engineering, business development, logistics, design, IT, accounting, and finance. „We are excited to welcome RealWear to Clark County, where they will be a great addition to the IPZ community in Vancouver and Camas,” said Mike Bomar, Executive Director of the CREDC. “The software as well as computer and electronics industries are growing clusters in the region and RealWear’s decision to locate its first major expansion here will be a great boost to add to the momentum we’ve been building in these sectors.” RealWear’s expansion comes as the company has built increasing momentum of its own in 2017. Awarded “Best Enterprise Solution” at Wearable Technology Show 2017 in London, England, the RealWear HMT-1 has received global acclaim for its innovation. More than 60 major industrial enterprises, channel partners, integrators and software solution partners including American Airlines, Boeing, Canon, and Hewlett Packard Enterprises have signed on as Pioneer Partners and are already using the HMT-1 in real-world scenarios. The RealWear HMT-1 is a new kind of wearable designed for skilled technicians and engineers in field service, equipment inspection, maintenance, and complex manufacturing assembly. Transcending enterprise tablets and smart glasses, the HMT-1’s intuitive, hands-free interface allows voice control of existing Android tablet and smartphone apps, offering workers the connectivity and hands-free flexibility they require for safer, faster and smarter productivity. Intended for remote video collaboration, technical documentation, industrial IoT data visualization, assembly and maintenance instructions, and streamlined workflow and inspections, the HMT-1 ushers in a new era of productivity for connected industrial workers. For more information, please visit www.realwear.com. RealWear Social Media Twitter: @realwearinc Facebook: facebook.com/RealWearInc LinkedIn: linkedin.com/company/realwear-inc. Vimeo: https://vimeo.com/201744648/2bd96d2cde About RealWear RealWear is a Silicon Valley company building the world’s first voice-powered, hands-free and fully rugged head-mounted tablet solution for connected industrial workers. Our team of seasoned executives and human factors experts hails from the ultra-rugged smartphone, smart glasses micro display and industrial augmented reality spaces. Together, we are engineering wearable hardware, software, cloud and AI solutions for enterprises in heavy industry. For more information, visit www.realwear.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kiwis less optimistic about labour market in first quarter Next PostNext INVESTOR ALERT: Law Offices of Howard G. Smith Commences Investigation on Behalf of The Rubicon Project, Inc. Investors Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 27.1 C Lagos Friday, March 31, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business Ethiopia Airlines Wins Cargo Awards Ethiopia Airlines Wins Cargo Awards March 31, 2017 0 390 African’s largest cargo operator, Ethiopian Airlines, has won ‘Cargo Airline Award for Network Development’ at the tenth anniversary of the Brussels Airport Aviation Awards held on March 9, 2017. The airline explained that the Network Development Awards are presented to airlines that have developed new routes or achieved a remarkable growth in passengers or cargo. As a result, the ‘Network Development Award Cargo Airline’ award was awarded to Ethiopian Cargo in recognition to the commitment of the airline to rapidly expand its cargo network and for becoming the largest cargo airline at Brussels Airport in just 6 months period. Ethiopian Group CEO, Mr. Tewolde GebreMariam remarked, “We are very pleased to be the winner of such a prestigious award. The award boosts our energy to serve our customers’ air cargo needs better. Ethiopian Cargo Services connects African Economies with the rest of the world in import of Industrial Goods and Export of commodities which are both the engine of the socio Economic Development in today’s highly globalized world. With six new and modern B-777F and two B-757F all cargo airplanes complemented by the vast network of belly hold capacity on our passenger wide body airplanes, Ethiopian Cargo is currently the largest cargo airline in the continent of Africa. “We are grateful to our dedicated cargo team, our Global cargo customers and particularly to our Belgian partners who have made our cargo Hub in Europe a resounding success. With the inauguration of the largest and the most modern Cargo terminal in Africa, with annual cargo capacity of 600 thousand tons, in the coming couple of months; we will transform Addis Ababa as one of the best Cargo Hubs in the air cargo industry.” Ethiopian said ever since the first cargo charter operation was launched to Nairobi in 1946 and the boom of agriculture export products out of Ethiopia, Ethiopian Cargo Services has been steadily growing. With its six Boeing 777- 200LRF freighters and two Boeing 757-260 freighters, “we serve 36 cargo destinations in Africa, the Gulf, the Middle East, Asia and Europe with an average daily uplift of 650 tons on top of the belly hold capacity to over 90 destinations in our network with daily average uplift of 150 tons.” In line with its Vision 2025, Ethiopian Cargo is building one of the largest and most modern cargo terminals in the world with an annual capacity of 1.2 million tons and planning to serve 47 destinations using 18 freighter aircraft. Ethiopian Cargo is also automating its entire cargo business process with one of the best Cargo IT systems (SITA Champ Cargo Spot) with the aim of providing the most efficient air cargo services within, to and from Africa.   Previous articleNIPOST to Launch GPS Enabled APP for Nationwide Mail Delivery, Others Next articleAmadeus Announces Content Agreement with Dana Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business Elumelu Ranked among Top 200 Global Philanthropists, Social Entrepreneurs Business Risk Language – “Did You Mean Slow Down?” Business CBN, Banks Promote Financial Literacy 987,629FansLike 732,545FollowersFollow Latest News Adeboye’s Wife Calls for Reflection of True Christianity March 31, 2017 The Health Minister March 31, 2017 Nestle Raises Awareness on Water Management March 31, 2017 Church Organises Annual Rehoboth Conference March 31, 2017 RRS: Rebranding for a Safer Lagos  March 31, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Thursday 30th March 2017 March 31, 2017 0 Recent Comments Rooaik on Chicago Woman Becomes First Patient to Be Cured of Sickle Cell Disease chyke on Indian Mob Bashes Kenyan Student, Thinking She is Nigerian Temitayo Adelaja on HAMEED ALI VERSUS THE SENATE Romla on House Orders Shu’ara to Vacate Office AIKAY on Nigeria Still Has Seed of Greatness MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST Adeboye’s Wife Calls for Reflection of True Christianity March 31, 2017 The Health Minister March 31, 2017 Nestle Raises Awareness on Water Management March 31, 2017 Church Organises Annual Rehoboth Conference March 31, 2017 RRS: Rebranding for a Safer Lagos  March 31, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN ONLY > Worldwide Western C4ISR Aircraft Retirements 2017-2026 You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Worldwide Western C4ISR Aircraft Retirements 2017-2026 Mar 31, 2017 Aviation Week Intelligence Network | Aerospace Daily & Defense Report EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 AVIATION WEEK NETWORK forecasts a total of 121 Western-designed C4ISR (command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance & reconnaissance) aircraft will retire from 2017 to 2026. The Northrop Grumman E-2/C-2 family will account for 44 of these as E-2C Hawkeyes retire and are replaced by E-2D Advanced Hawkeyes. Boeing’s 707 family will account for another 17 retirements. The year 2020 is a particularly heavy year for retirements as the U.S. Air force plans to ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Worldwide Western C4ISR Aircraft Retirements 2017-2026".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Forecast Friday: Worldwide Western C4ISR Aircraft Deliveries 2017-2026   Forecast Friday: Western Fighter Aircraft Retirements 2017-2026   Can Russia’s MS-21 Crack The Airbus-Boeing Duopoly? 61   Kemble-Cotswold Airport: Europe's Leading Airliner Recycling Location 8 Canada Updates Procurement Plans, Prioritizes Fighters 47   Advertisement Inside the Knowledge Center Access our growing collection of digital resources from thought leaders around the industry. Oct 31, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com FANS 101: What You Need to Know About FANS/1A 1 FANS, the Future Air Navigation System, is a vital building block for an advanced satellite-based air traffic control system unconstrained by outmoded radar technology....More Mar 1, 2017 Sponsored Enabling and Leveraging the Connected Cockpit The future of aviation operations lies in the ability to leverage all available data sources in real-time to maximize efficiency and safety, enhancing the industry’s bottom line while improving the passenger experience....More Oct 7, 2016 Webinar Aviation Week’s 2016 Workforce Study Aviation Week’s 2016 Workforce Study highlights several data points about the aerospace and defense industry and how companies are doing in terms of identifying, hiring and keeping the best talent....More Aug 21, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com Today’s Fleet-Planning Complexity: The Added Dimension of New Technology Aircraft Like never before, airlines must ensure their fleet planning processes are strategically managed. With the introduction of new technology aircraft, the airline industry is poised on the brink of unprecedented change...More Aug 20, 2016 Video AviationWeek.com Analyst IDC Shares Insights for Securing IP Motivated manufactures working to solve this challenge that impact affordability can find recommendations for how an effective IP management system can avoid non-compliance and security compromises and best practices for integration....More Knowledge Center Home Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to Main Content 2 °C Live Now: Hot Property Search Search CP24 X NEWS WEATHER TRAFFIC VIDEO CP24 BREAKFAST Lifestyle Lotto MORE Home Local World Entertainment Sports The Mayor The Chief Photo Galleries Toronto Southern Ontario Canada Commuter Centre Traffic Transit Air Travel Border Crossings CP24 Traffic Alert App CP24 LIVE All Video The Mayor The Chief Live at Noon Hot Property Autoshop Know Your Rights All Videos Milestones Wake Up Call Home Human Interest Health Technology Travel Top Social Stories Lotto Numbers CP24 GO Video Help Contact Us CP24 Supports Lotto Numbers Breaking News Email Talk Shows Spacewalkers carry out patch job on space station after shielding floats away In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Shane Kimbrough, left, and Peggy Whitson, install a shield on a relocated docking port outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk at another part of the station earlier in the day. (NASA via AP) Marcia Dunn, The Associated Press Published Thursday, March 30, 2017 3:16PM EDT Last Updated Thursday, March 30, 2017 4:14PM EDT CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman - eight - and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking - just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. As Whitson and Kimbrough installed the three remaining shields, Mission Control quickly came up with a TV MacGyver-like plan for a patch. The astronauts filled the gap using the cover that they had just removed from the relocated docking port. The cover is made of the same material as the shielding, according to Mission Control, and just as capable of protecting against potential strikes by bits of space debris and providing thermal control. The entire space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. It was not immediately clear how the shield got away, said NASA spokesman Dan Huot. It's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Frustration was evident in Whitson's voice as she told Mission Control about the mishap. She was delighted, though, by how well everything turned out. “You guys came up with a fantastic plan - on short notice. That's amazing,” Whitson radioed. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. But the getaway items are usually small, like bolts. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, when unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station's commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. News Tips Report Errors Tweets by @CP24 CP24 Toronto's Breaking News Advertisement Local Flyers Latest News Videos false WATCH:Three measles cases confirmed in Toronto Air Date: March 30, 2017 false WATCH:Caledonia crash victim was young father Air Date: March 30, 2017 false WATCH:No injuries after fiery overpass collapse in U.S. Air Date: March 30, 2017 false WATCH:Filmmaker explores art of the obituary Air Date: March 30, 2017 false WATCH:Hodgkinson marking 25 years with National Ballet Air Date: March 30, 2017 false WATCH:Road conditions were 'dry' at time of fatal crash Air Date: March 30, 2017 false WATCH:Crash 'devastating' for community: Haldimand mayor Air Date: March 30, 2017 Watch news udpates and more videos... Most Read Most Watched Self-professed psychic who billed client $101K charged with pretending to practice witchcraft Sellers reject highest offer for Oakville home after receiving heartfelt letter Two girls, 21-year-old man killed in crash near Caledonia Suspect sought after child luring incident inside library in Runnymede Man, 42, lured boy, 14, using social media: police Man charged with pretending to practice witchcraft Traci Melchor discusses departure from The Social McDonald's freshening up the quarter pounder LIVE4 digital channel Road conditions were 'dry' at time of fatal crash Caledonia crash victim was young father Charges laid in alleged sexual assault of teen boy Home Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Contact Us About Us Advertise on CP24 Toronto News World News Weather Sports News Entertainment News Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Police Modernization & First Responders Markets in Europe 2017-2022 News provided by Reportlinker Mar 30, 2017, 17:14 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- 2015-2020 CAGR: 14.3%. Granulated by 36 Submarkets Europe's 2.55 million police officers and 820,000 1st responders are facing ISIS terror attacks and threats coupled with the surge in entry of 1.8 million migrants (UN data) with far greater complexity than ever before. Germany's police forces and other 1st responders (which include only 9% of the European police officers and 1st responders) are forecast by 2020 to procure 22% of the continent's market for police and 1st responder's related goods and services. The European police forces challenges were best stated in March 2016 by Mr. E. Walter, Chairman of the German Federal Police (DPoIG): "Germany's police (is) the first and last line of defense and response to any terror attack; they're simply not equipped for the challenge. Where we are not prepared is with the policeman on the street; normally the first to confront terrorists. (For example) we need modern weapons. We need armed helmets against shooting by a Kalashnikov. We have very old weapons in the German police force. The machine guns are the machine pistol MP5 it is about 50 years old". Present European police agencies' capabilities simply can't meet Europe's Terror & Migration Crisis challenges. Following the Paris and Brussels terror attacks a major overhaul of the European police forces infrastructure and funding is already in progress. The "European Police Modernization & First Responders Markets – 2017-2022" report is the most comprehensive review of the market available today. It provides a detailed and reasoned roadmap of this growing market. The market is set to undergo a major transformation from 2016-2022 through the following drivers: - The Paris and Brussels 2015-2016 terror attacks shook the European police agencies, governments and public unlike any other recent homegrown or ISIS-Da'esh-inspired terrorist attacks since they were complex and well-planned. - Western Europe, the largest economy in the world with a 2015 GDP of approximately $22 trillion (vs. the U.S. $17.5 trillion), can invest "whatever it takes" in its police forces to protect its citizens from the looming risks of terrorism and immigration. - The Western European police forces are ill equipped to counter 21st century terrorists who use cutting edge encrypted communication, conduct remarkable pre-attack intelligence by jihadists who have been trained by ISIS ex-Iraqi military officers on planning and conducting modern day guerrilla warfare, and use modern weapons. - Europol estimates that up to 11,000 European jihadists (5000 in Western Europe and 6000 in Eastern Europe) have returned to Europe after obtaining combat experience on the battlefields of the Middle East. - The European Police Office (EUROPOL) estimates that there are 4 million unregistered illegal firearms in the Balkans, and over 30,000 military-grade weapons from the former Yugoslavia in circulation in Western Europe. - The Law Enforcement, Police modernization & 1st Responder industry faces a considerable challenge in seeking to provide the necessary solutions to current and future threats. At the same time, this challenge presents immense opportunities for the defense and security industries able to deliver effective functions, integrate systems and maximize security and productivity per $ invested. - The EU and the rest of the European police & 1st responders' market for products and services are served by local defense and security companies. Even with a preference for locally manufactured products, foreign products can usually strongly compete on the basis of cost-performance. They do not encounter any EU direct trade barriers or quotas. Non-tariff, indirect trade barriers may be the approval process of dual use goods, which include many security market products. This report is a resource for executives with interests in the market. It has been explicitly customized for the security industry and other decision-makers in order to identify business opportunities, developing technologies, market trends and risks, as well as to benchmark business plans. Questions answered in this 185-page report + one* report include: - What will the market size and trends be during 2016-2022? - Which submarkets provide attractive business opportunities? - Who are the decision-makers? - What drives the police and 1st responder agencies to purchase products and services? - What are the customers looking for? - What are the technology & services trends? - What is the market SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats)? - What are the challenges to market penetration & growth? With 185 pages, 21 tables and 32 figures, the "European Police Modernization & First Responders Markets – 2016-2022" report covers 12 countries and regions and 3 revenue source submarkets, offering for each of them 2015 data and assessments, and 2016-2022 forecasts and analyses. * Customers who purchase a multi-readers license of the report will get the "Global Homeland Security & Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition" report free of charge. Single-reader license customers will get a 50% discount for the Industry report. Why Buy this Report? A. Market data is analyzed via 2 key perspectives: With a highly fragmented market we address the "money trail" – each dollar spent – via the following 2 viewpoints: - By 12 Country Markets: 1. UK 2. France 3. Holland & Belgium 4. Sweden, Norway, Finland & Denmark 5. Germany 6. Austria & Switzerland 7. Italy 8. Spain 9. Poland 10. Hungary & Czech Republic 11. Russia 12. Rest of Europe - By 3 Revenue Sources: 1. Products Sales Revenues 2. After Sale Revenues Including: Maintenance, Service, Upgrades & Refurbishment 3. Other Revenues Including: Planning, Training, Consulting, Contracted Services & Government Funded R&D B. Detailed market analysis frameworks for each of the market sectors: 1. Market drivers & inhibitors 2. Business opportunities 3. SWOT analysis 4. Competitive analysis 5. Business environment 6. The 2015-2022 market segmented by 36 submarkets C. The report includes the following 4 appendices: 1. Appendix A: European Homeland Security & Public Safety Related Product Standards 2. Appendix B: The European Union Challenges and Outlook 3. Appendix C: Europe Migration Crisis & Border Security 4. Appendix D: Abbreviations D. The report addresses over 300 European Homeland Security and Public Safety standards (including links) E. The supplementary (*) "Global Homeland Security & Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition" report provides the following insights and analyses of the industry including: - The Global Industry 2016 status - Effects of Emerging Technologies on the Industry - The Market Trends - Vendor – Government Relationship - Geopolitical Outlook 2016-2022 - The Industry Business Models & Strategies - Market Entry Challenges - The Industry: Supply-Side & Demand-Side Analysis - Market Entry Strategies - Price Elasticity - Past Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) Events F. The supplementary (*) "Global Homeland Security & Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition" report also provides a May 2016 updated extensive data (including company profile, recent annual revenues, key executives, homeland security and public safety products, and contact info.) of the leading 119 Homeland Security and Public Safety vendors including: 1. 3M 2. 3i-MIND 3. 3VR 4. 3xLOGIC 5. ABB 6. Accenture 7. ACTi Corporation 8. ADT Security Services 9. AeroVironment Inc. 10. Agent Video Intelligence 11. Airbus Defence and Space 12. Alcatel-Lucent (Nokia Group) 13. ALPHAOPEN 14. American Science & Engineering Inc. 15. Anixter 16. Aralia Systems 17. AT&T Inc. 18. Augusta Systems 19. Austal 20. Avigilon Corporation 21. Aware 22. Axis 23. AxxonSoft 24. Ayonix 25. BAE Systems 26. BioEnable Technologies Pvt Ltd 27. BioLink Solutions 28. Boeing 29. Bollinger Shipyards, Inc 30. Bosch Security Systems 31. Bruker Corporation 32. BT 33. Camero 34. Cassidian 35. CelPlan 36. China Security & Surveillance, Inc. 37. Cisco Systems 38. Citilog 39. Cognitec Systems GmbH 40. Computer Network Limited (CNL) 41. Computer Sciences Corporation 42. CrossMatch 43. Diebold 44. DRS Technologies Inc. 45. DVTel 46. Elbit Systems Ltd. 47. Elsag Datamat 48. Emerson Electric 49. Ericsson 50. ESRI 51. FaceFirst 52. Finmeccanica SpA 53. Firetide 54. Fulcrum Biometrics LLC 55. G4S 56. General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc. 57. General Dynamics Corporation 58. Getac Technology Corporation 59. Hanwha Techwin 60. Harris Corporation 61. Hewlett Packard Enterprise 62. Hexagon AB 63. Honeywell International Inc. 64. Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd 65. IBM 66. IndigoVision 67. Intel Security 68. IntuVision Inc 69. iOmniscient 70. IPConfigure 71. IPS Intelligent Video Analytics 72. Iris ID Systems, Inc. 73. IriTech Inc. 74. Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. 75. ISS 76. L-3 Security & Detection Systems 77. Leidos, Inc. 78. Lockheed Martin Corporation 79. MACROSCOP 80. MDS 81. Mer group 82. Milestone Systems A/S 83. Mirasys 84. Motorola Solutions, Inc. 85. National Instruments 86. NEC Corporation 87. NICE Systems 88. Northrop Grumman Corporation 89. Nuance Communications, Inc. 90. ObjectVideo 91. Panasonic Corporation 92. Pelco 93. Pivot3 94. Proximex 95. QinetiQ Limited 96. Rapiscan Systems, Inc. 97. Raytheon 98. Rockwell Collins, Inc. 99. Safran S.A. 100. Salient Sciences 101. Schneider Electric 102. SeeTec 103. Siemens 104. Smart China (Holdings) Limited 105. Smiths Detection Inc. 106. Sony Corp. 107. Speech Technology Center 108. Suprema Inc. 109. Synectics Plc 110. Tandu Technologies & Security Systems Ltd 111. Texas Instruments 112. Textron Inc. 113. Thales Group 114. Total Recall 115. Unisys Corporation 116. Verint 117. Vialogy LLC 118. Vigilant Technology 119. Zhejiang Dahua Technology Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04795575-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/police-modernization--first-responders-markets-in-europe-2017-2022-300432242.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Mar 30, 2017, 17:17 ET Preview: Explosives & Weapons Detection Markets in Europe 2017-2022 Mar 30, 2017, 17:13 ET Preview: Pulse Oximeters Market Size & Forecast By Type (Fingertip, Handheld, Others), By End-users (Hospitals & Healthcare Facilities, Homecare), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, MEA), And Trend Analysis From 2013 To 2025 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 30, 2017, 17:55 ETGrowth Opportunities in the US HVAC Equipment Market Mar 30, 2017, 17:53 ETDairy-Based & Soy-Based Desserts (Dairy & Soy Food) Market in... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Police Modernization & First Responders Markets in Europe 2017-2022 News provided by Reportlinker Mar 30, 2017, 17:14 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Things to do in the Lehigh Valley this weekend Severe weather alert in Monroe county. March 31 News Nation/World Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use MacGyver-like plan for patch instead Astronauts lose piece of shield for space station Whitson and Shane Kimbrough were installing the shielding over a vulnerable spot on the space station. (March 30, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Whitson and Shane Kimbrough were installing the shielding over a vulnerable spot on the space station. (March 30, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Marcia DunnAssociated Press Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman — eight — and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking — just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. As Whitson and Kimbrough installed the three remaining shields, Mission Control quickly came up with a TV MacGyver-like plan for a patch. The astronauts filled the gap using the cover that they had just removed from the relocated docking port. The cover is made of the same material as the shielding, according to Mission Control, and just as capable of protecting against potential strikes by bits of space debris and providing thermal control. The entire space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. Space Station AP In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson, above, and Shane Kimbrough work on the outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk. In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson, above, and Shane Kimbrough work on the outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk. (AP) It was not immediately clear how the shield got away, said NASA spokesman Dan Huot. It's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Frustration was evident in Whitson's voice as she told Mission Control about the mishap. She was delighted, though, by how well everything turned out. "You guys came up with a fantastic plan — on short notice. That's amazing," Whitson radioed. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. But the getaway items are usually small, like bolts. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, when unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. Peggy Whitson Dmitri Lovetsky / AP On Thursday, March 30, 2017, Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman, eight, as she worked on preparations for a new docking port on the ISS. On Thursday, March 30, 2017, Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman, eight, as she worked on preparations for a new docking port on the ISS. (Dmitri Lovetsky / AP) The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station's commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call NASA Breaking Popular Obits Arts & Ent Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 37°
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Indigenous Sexuality The Playlist podcast SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News Dateline Insight The Point The Feed NITV News Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Video Latest News Europe Elections US Politics National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America World News Radio 31 Mar 2017 - 9:36am Space blanket floats away during historic spacewalk An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk at another part of the station earlier in the day. (AAP/NASA) Previous Next Show Grid Previous Next Hide Grid Previous Next Image 1/ Video 1/ Audio A space blanket floated away from American astronaut Peggy Whitson on Thursday as she made a historic spacewalk outside the International Space Station, setting a new record for the most spacewalks by a woman. Source: AFP 31 Mar 2017 - 8:25 AM  UPDATED 8 HOURS AGO Tweet The crew was not in danger due to the mishap, which occurred when Whitson was trying to fold up a bulky cloth cover, known as an axial shield, and put it in a bag. The incident briefly raised concern at mission control in Houston that the shield might come back and hit the orbiting laboratory. About four hours into the spacewalk, however, NASA determined that the gear had drifted a safe distance away and there was "no recontact risk," said NASA commentator Gary Jordan. Images on NASA television showed the shield as a small white dot in the darkness. A statement on NASA's website said the shield "was inadvertently lost" and "posed no immediate danger to the astronauts." The space blanket was one of four covers designed to guard the station from micrometeoroids, and also for thermal protection. To make up for the loss, Whitson and her colleague Shane Kimbrough retrofitted an existing cover outside the space station to serve in its place. Historic outing The spacewalk formally began at 7:29 am (1129 GMT) when Whitson and Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. "Be safe and enjoy your time out," said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened and Whitson made her way out in the dark, her path illuminated by a light on her helmet. "I will be waiting for you." For Whitson, 57, the seven-hour, four-minute spacewalk was the eighth of her career, surpassing the record of seven previously held by US astronaut Sunita Williams. During the walkabout, Whitson also beat Williams's time spent spacewalking. Williams's record was 50 hours 40 minutes. Whitson's total time is now 53 hours and 25 minutes.  "This is a significant milestone," said Jordan, as Whitson became the world's most experienced female spacewalker.  "Congratulations to Peggy Whitson." The goal of the spacewalk was to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year. Space experience Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. She is a native of Iowa and is known for her quick wit, sense of humor and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. Earlier this month, she said in an interview on NASA television that she has spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in microgravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and is growing seedlings called Arabidopsis to study how plants grow in orbit. Now on her third long-duration spaceflight, Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. She arrived at the space station in November, after previously serving on two six-month missions at the orbiting outpost in 2002 and 2008. On April 24, she will break another record -- this time for the most cumulative days in space by an American -- when she passes 534 in orbit, longer than current title holder Jeff Williams. Active on her Twitter account, @AstroPeggy, Whitson often writes about how research at the space station relates to everyday life, and how she travels the world as part of her astronaut training. "I traveled to Russia eight times in the last 1.5 year training flow, two times to Japan and one time to Cologne," she wrote in a recent blog post. Next week, she and Pesquet, 39, will perform another spacewalk to continue the space station upgrades and maintenance needed for future spaceships. For part of the outing, Pesquet is scheduled to ride the robotic arm from part of the football field-sized lab to another. "We call that officially the yee-haw ride," Whitson told NASA television last week. Whitson is married to fellow NASA biochemist Clarence Sams. According to her NASA bio, her hobbies include weightlifting, biking, basketball and water skiing. Advertisement Advertisement Trending News Lismore flooding: Residents told to evacuate immediately as deaths feared UK endurance cyclist feared dead in ACT Indonesian farmer’s body found inside giant python Floodwaters could swamp Gold Coast homes 'These are issues that need to be discussed': Ayaan Hirsi Ali to visit Australia Trending SBS Indian Pacific Wheelrace cancelled after rider killed 10 docos that will shake you out of your comfort zone 'Planet Earth: Bin Chicken' is the amazing Attenborough-style doco all Australians need to see Opinion: The reaction to 'that kiss' shows that the AFL still has a long way to go POLL: Who is your favourite K-pop leader of all time? In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 867.5K Follow Twitter 272.1K Watch YouTube 8.7K Follow Google+ 0.9K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Aircraft Refurbishing Global Market Trend, Research Approach, Data Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Aircraft Refurbishing Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 30, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Aircraft Refurbishing market is accounted for $3.7 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $5.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.5% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing requirement for huge business, VIP aircraft and advancements in technologies are the key factors fueling the demand for aircraft refurbishing market growth. Increasing demand for revamp and maintenance will boost the growth of global aircraft refurbishing market. The factors such as growing freighter conversions, increasing redesign of greener aircrafts and new airplanes (A-380 and B-787) are some of the major drivers boosting the market growth. However, rising prices of raw materials and declining demand for older/refurbished parts or aircrafts are the major restraints for this market. Increasing demand of VIP refurbished jets will remain as a biggest opportunity for the aircraft refurbishing market over the forecast period. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/aircraft-refurbishing-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Narrow body aircraft segment has accounted for the largest market share of more than 45% owing to increasing passenger traffic, which has resulted in the extended seat capacity within an aircraft. North America dominated the global market and accounted for largest share of more than 40%. The following factors such as development of networks within Central America and Caribbean regions, growing incidence of passenger traffic and simultaneous growth in low cost carriers are the factors favoring the market growth in this region. Some of the key players in this market include EADS Sogerma, Sell GmbH, Recaro Aircraft, Seating GmbH & Co. KG, FACC AG, Crane Aerospace & Electronics, Nordam Interiors & Structures Division, Rockwell Collins Inc., PPG Aerospace, Thales S.A., Zodiac Aerospace, Jamco America, Inc., Boeing Company - CDG, Diehl Aero Systems Holding GmbH, Satcom1, TIMCO Aviation Service Inc., STG Aerospace Ltd., Panasonic Avionics Corporation,, Honeywell International, United Technology Corporation (UTC) and B/E Aerospace. Application Covered -Very Large Aircraft -Wide Body Aircraft -Commercial Aviation Aircrafts Windows & Windshields -Narrow Body Aircraft -VIP Aircrafts Type covered -VIP Cabin Refurbishing -Passenger-To-Freighter(P-2-F) -Commercial Cabin Refurbishing(C-C-R) Fittings Covered -Passenger Seats -Retrofit -IFEC System Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322759/sample Regions Covered -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 10.1EADS Sogerma S.A. 10.2 Sell GmbH 10.3 Recaro Aircraft Seating GmbH & Co. KG 10.4 FACC AG 10.5 Crane Aerospace & Electronics, Inc. 10.6 NORDAM Group 10.7 Rockwell Collins Inc. 10.8 PPG Aerospace 10.9 Thales S.A. 10.10 Zodiac Aerospace 10.11 Jamco America, Inc. 10.12 Boeing Company - CDG 10.13 Diehl Aero Systems Holding GmbH 10.14 Satcom1 10.15 TIMCO Aviation Service Inc. 10.16 STG Aerospace Ltd. 10.17 Panasonic Avionics Corporation 10.18 Honeywell International 10.19 United Technology Corporation (UTC) 10.20 B/E Aerospace Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322759/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
recommended reading 8 Tips for Jared Kushner and the New Innovation Office NARA Rethinks How to Store Presidential Records The New Administration's Cyber Stance Is IoT the Healthcare Industry's Wonder Drug? Nextgov TRENDING facebook twitter google plus rss Telework // Trump's Budget // Russian Hackers // DHS Cyber Strategy // VA Health Records // Agency Cuts News CIO Briefing Emerging Tech Cloud Cybersecurity Mobile Health Defense Big Data What It Takes to Make NASA’s Top Gun NASA What does it take to become an elite NASA research pilot? Nils Larson, flight crew branch chief and research pilot at NASA Armstrong research center, says a little bit of everything. "People I have to hire generally come from a pretty diverse background," said Larson. "Always looking for a broad breadth of experience because I have a broad breadth of airplanes that are here." Pilots have to fly F-18 jets, F-15, and Boeing 747s and a lot of experimental aircraft, all for the purpose of scientific research, including testing gear one day headed for Mars. Trainees have to spend a lot of time in flight simulators, and conduct parachute training, for any worst-case scenarios happen in flight.  To learn more, check out the video below from Wired:  By Caitlin Fairchild March 30, 2017 recommended for you Share this on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share this on Google Plus Share this on LinkedIn Print this article Email this article Increase size ADD A COMMENT Creating a Holistic Cybersecurity Strategy for Government Seeing the IT Road Ahead with Riverbed Office 365: 5 Keys to Success The Federal Workforce Needs New Skills to Handle Change in Times of Transition FROM OUR SPONSORS sponsored Get Smart. Get The D Brief. Subscribe to Defense One's new national security newsletter. JOIN THE DISCUSSION By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Nextgov does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. PROMOTIONS The New Administration's Cyber Stance // This eBook discusses the current state of federal cyber policy and how things could play out under the new Trump presidency. eBook Innovating from the Top: Federal Chief Innovation Officers // his eBook explores the presence of a chief innovation officer—and how the job allows him or her to directly influence an agency’s tech policy, workplace culture or acquisitions within each federal government agency. FITARA Must Become the Catalyst for Change in Federal IT See all coverage Underwritten by Dell FREE NEWSLETTERS Nextgov Today Health IT Route Fifty Today Research & Insights FITARA Forward see all blogs Nextgov Event: Experience the True Power of Digital Government Emerging Tech by Frank Konkel Why Updating Tech Infrastructure is as Critical as Updating Roads and Bridges Tech Insider by Bob Osborn Tech is Overwhelmingly White and Male, and White Men Are Just Fine With That Wired Workplace by Keith Collins sponsored links 33rd Annual Space Symposium - Colorado Springs, CO Join us April 3 - 6 for the 33rd Space Symposium. Register today! www.spacesymposium.org AFCEA Bethesda's "A Night for the Children" Gala - April 1st A Night for the Children is a rare opportunity that combines a memorable evening out while making a difference in the lives of children and families in need. The Gala is a night when our generous community comes together to benefit. Learn more about how you can be a hero here. bethesda.afceachapters.org Join AFCEA Bethesda, May 9-10, for Law Enforcement and Public Safety Technology Forum Come share challenges & best practices to strengthen operational impact. Register today. connellyworks.swoogo.com Nextgov About Contact Us Events Advertise List Rentals Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GovExec Defense One Route Fifty Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2017 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from Nextgov   Next Story   × Get top federal technology stories and news alerts in your inbox. Sign up for Nextgov Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Military Federal Government State/Local Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Yes, Nextgov can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. Sign up View Privacy Policy Thank you. Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President GSA Department of Defense Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Judiciary Branch Office of the Secretary of Defense Department of Justice Department of Labor Legislative Branch NASA OMB OPM SSA Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury USPS Department of Veterans Affairs Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Higher Education K-12 Education Special District State Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Technology Management Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Sales & Marketing Other Phone number Zip code Submit View Privacy Policy Thank you for subscribing to newsletters from Nextgov.com. We think these reports might interest you: It’s Time for the Federal Government to Embrace Wireless and Mobility The United States has turned a corner on the adoption of mobile phones, tablets and other smart devices, outpacing traditional desktop and laptop sales by a wide margin. This issue brief discusses the state of wireless and mobility in federal government and outlines why now is the time to embrace these technologies in government. Download Featured Content from RSA Conference: Dissed by NIST Learn more about the latest draft of the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology guidance document on authentication and lifecycle management. Download A New Security Architecture for Federal Networks Federal government networks are under constant attack, and the number of those attacks is increasing. This issue brief discusses today's threats and a new model for the future. Download Going Agile:Revolutionizing Federal Digital Services Delivery Here’s one indication that times have changed: Harriet Tubman is going to be the next face of the twenty dollar bill. Another sign of change? The way in which the federal government arrived at that decision. Download Software-Defined Networking So many demands are being placed on federal information technology networks, which must handle vast amounts of data, accommodate voice and video, and cope with a multitude of highly connected devices while keeping government information secure from cyber threats. This issue brief discusses the state of SDN in the federal government and the path forward. Download The New IP: Moving Government Agencies Toward the Network of The Future Federal IT managers are looking to modernize legacy network infrastructures that are taxed by growing demands from mobile devices, video, vast amounts of data, and more. This issue brief discusses the federal government network landscape, as well as market, financial force drivers for network modernization. Download When you download a report, your information may be shared with the underwriters of that document. Finished Privacy Policy
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 10250 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Woman astronaut completes record 8th spacewalk, with a tiny hiccup Peggy Whitson also broke the record for most hours spent spacewalking with more than 50. Post to Facebook Woman astronaut completes record 8th spacewalk, with a tiny hiccup Peggy Whitson also broke the record for most hours spent spacewalking with more than 50.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2oDkmzR {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Woman astronaut completes record 8th spacewalk, with a tiny hiccup John Bacon , USA TODAY Published 1:17 p.m. ET March 30, 2017 | Updated 11 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson floated out on the eighth spacewalk of her career Thursday morning, 250 miles up at the International Space Station. That's the most spacewalks ever performed by a woman. (March 30) AP This NASA TV video grab shows US astronaut Peggy Whitson(L) and Shane Kimbrough outside the International Space Staion on March 30, 2017. (Photo: HANDOUT, AFP/Getty Images) 10250 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Astronaut Peggy Whitson completed her record-breaking eighth spacewalk Thursday despite a minor setback when a piece of thermal shielding being installed outside the International Space Station slipped away and drifted into space. Mission Commander Shane Kimbrough and Whitson, the flight engineer, conducted a variety of maintenance tasks over several hours. Whitson, an Iowa native on her third mission to the station, broke records for most spacewalks by a woman with eight, and most hours spent spacewalking with more than 50. The hiccup involved one of four fabric shields being placed to protect a relocated docking port from meteorite debris. Cameras tracked the shielding as it drifted into the distance, and Mission Control in Houston said there was no danger the lost shield could hit and damage the space station. A Mission Control team also devised a plan for the astronauts to finish covering the port with material Whitson removed earlier in the day. The plan worked and the cover was successfully installed. “You guys came up with a fantastic plan — on short notice. That’s amazing,” Whitson radioed. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. The lost shield weighs about 18 pounds and unfolded measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up, NASA said. Whitson, 57, served a six-month stint aboard the station in 2002, and returned for another six months as station commander in 2008. She joined Expedition 50/51 in November. Thursday's spacewalk was the 199th in support of assembly and maintenance of the space station, launched in 1998, NASA said. Contributing: Associated Press Shane and Peggy on their way to their first #spacewalk tasks@astro_kimbrough et @AstroPeggy en route vers leur zone de travail pic.twitter.com/18X4atxxsP— Thomas Pesquet (@Thom_astro) March 30, 2017 10250 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2oDkmzR
Advertisement Home News Top Stories Local State National World Politics Crime Business Industry Sports High School McNeese State LSU Saints & NFL National Scoreboard Prep Football Schedules Prep Football Stats Outdoors Opinion Jim Beam Scooter Hobbs Jim Gazzolo Informer by Andrew Perzo American Press Editorials Alex Hickey Entertainment Features Events Calendar Life Submit Life Event School Lunch Menu Obits Obituaries Local Funeral Homes Submit Obituaries Classifieds Classified Ads Build Your Own Classified Ad ePaper Today's ePaper ePaper Archives Subscribe to the ePaper Sample 50 Years Ago Subscribers Account Services Subscribe Real Estate Home Preview Galleries Featured Galleries Buy Photos Contact Us Contact Us Advertise Newspapers In Education Shutterbugs Policy About Us Friday, March 31, 2017 Southwest Louisiana , This still image taken from NASA shows NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson during a space walk at the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. Whitson, the world's oldest and most experienced spacewoman has just set another record, her eighth spacewalk. Whitson and her spacewalking partner, Shane Kimbrough need to complete prep work on a docking port. (NASA via AP) Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead Last Modified: Thursday, March 30, 2017 2:32 PM By Marcia Dunn / Associated Press CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman — eight — and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking — just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. As Whitson and Kimbrough installed the three remaining shields, Mission Control quickly came up with a TV MacGyver-like plan for a patch. The astronauts filled the gap using the cover that they had just removed from the relocated docking port. The cover is made of the same material as the shielding, according to Mission Control, and just as capable of protecting against potential strikes by bits of space debris and providing thermal control. The entire space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. It was not immediately clear how the shield got away, said NASA spokesman Dan Huot. It's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Frustration was evident in Whitson's voice as she told Mission Control about the mishap. She was delighted, though, by how well everything turned out. "You guys came up with a fantastic plan — on short notice. That's amazing," Whitson radioed. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. But the getaway items are usually small, like bolts. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, when unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station's commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. Print Page Email to a Friend Comments (0 ) Comments made about this article - 0 Total Comment on this article Title: Comments: Your Name: (required - shown on comment approval) Enter text seen above: Copyright © 2017 American Press Privacy Policies: American Press Close
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Trump goes after Freedom Caucus ringleaders GOP scrambles to head off special election disaster White House shuffles West Wing staff after health bill collapse Trump’s team eager to woo Democrats on tax reform Why some coal companies want Trump to stay in Paris climate deal Tomi Lahren Was Made for the Trump Era Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Get the Morning Defense Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Senate set to vote on Montengero’s NATO ascension By Gregory Hellman 03/27/17 08:29 AM EDT With Connor O’Brien SENATE SET TO VOTE ON MONTENEGRO JOINING NATO — The Senate is set to vote this week on Montenegro’s ascension to NATO, beginning with a procedural vote scheduled for this evening. Two-thirds of the Senate must ratify the treaty. Story Continued Below Last week, U.S. European Command chief and NATO commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti told the Senate Armed Services Committee it is “absolutely critical” that Montenegro be brought into NATO. Failure to do so could set back membership talks for other candidate nations, he said. AIR FORCE NOMINEE TAKES CENTER STAGE: The Senate Armed Services Committee holds a confirmation hearing Thursday for the president’s nominee for Air Force Secretary, Heather Wilson. Trump’s pick for the Air Force’s top civilian will be the first nomination taken up by SASC this year since Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was confirmed in January. Wilson, whose nomination was formally received last week by the Senate, is the only Pentagon nominee pending in the Senate. In paperwork posted by the Office of Government ethics, the former Republican congresswoman from New Mexico says she'll resign as president of the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology and from a number of corporate boards as well as sell off stock in more than a dozen defense contractors upon her Senate confirmation. But watchdog groups have also questioned whether Wilson skirted lobbying restrictions by advising defense giant Lockheed Martin on landing a noncompetitive contract with the Department of Energy after leaving Congress. Her ethics agreement is here, and her financial disclosure statement is here. ** A message from BAE Systems: BAE Systems delivers world-class, on-time repairs and modernization to the U.S. Navy surface fleet, and we have enhanced our total fleet support by adding new dry dock capability in San Diego. Learn more at www.baesystems.com/SAS. ** — MATTIS AND DUNFORD HEAD BACK TO THE HILL: The Defense secretary and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joe Dunford return to Capitol Hill Tuesday to brief SASC on defense strategy and the Pentagon's fiscal 2017 supplemental spending request in a closed session. — AND COMBATANT COMMANDERS FOLLOW: The commanders of the U.S. European, Central and Transportation Commands also all head to the Hill this week for House hearings. Scaparrotti appears before the House Armed Services Committee Tuesday to brief members on Russian activities in Europe and follows with closed testimony before the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee on Wednesday. Similarly, CENTCOM Commander Gen. Joseph Votel provides closed testimony to HAC-D on Tuesday before returning to HASC to offer his assessment Wednesday on challenges in the Middle East. And Transportation Commander Gen. Darren McDew updates HASC on Thursday. Additionally, U.S. Africa Command chief Gen. Thomas Waldhauser speaks with the Defense Writer’s Group this morning. HAPPY MONDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we're always on the lookout for tips, pitches and feedback. Email us at ghellman@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @greg_hellman, @morningdefense and @politicopro. MORNING D TRIVIA: Rich Streeter earns partial credit for correctly answering that national defense outlays, as a percentage of total federal outlays, hit their peak in 1945. That peak, though, was 89.5 percent — a figure no reader cited. Tune in Friday for next week’s trivia question, sans budget tables. HAPPENING TODAY — AIPAC POLICY CONFERENCE: The American Israel Public Affairs Committee holds its policy conference in Washington this week featuring several members from both parties on the Senate and House Armed Services Committees, as well as Defense Appropriations Subcommittee Chairwoman Kay Granger (R-Texas). U.S. PROBES ALLEGED CIVILIAN DEATHS IN MOSUL, reports The New York Times: “The American-led military coalition in Iraq said Friday that it was investigating reports that scores of civilians — perhaps as many as 200, residents said — had been killed in recent American airstrikes in Mosul, the northern Iraqi city at the center of an offensive to drive out the Islamic State. “If confirmed, the series of airstrikes would rank among the highest civilian death tolls in an American air mission since the United States went to war in Iraq in 2003. And the reports of civilian deaths in Mosul came immediately after two recent incidents in Syria, where the coalition is also battling the Islamic State from the air, in which activists and local residents said dozens of civilians had been killed.” But not so, says the Iraqi military, which attributes the civilian deaths to an ISIS booby trap, writes The Wall Street Journal. — AIRSTRIKE MONITOR OVERWHELMED, adds The Washington Post: “A non-profit organization that tracks civilian casualties caused by airstrikes in the Middle East said it has shifted nearly all of its resources to track a surge of claims regarding U.S.-led strikes in Syria and Iraq. “The group, called Airwars.org, had been tracking deaths caused by both Russian and U.S. airstrikes but said in a statement Friday that it was scaling back its work on ‘alleged Russian actions in Syria — so as best to focus our limited resources on continuing to properly monitor and assess reported casualties from the U.S. and its allies.’” — U.S. REINFORCEMENTS HEADED TO MOSUL, reports The Military Times: “An unspecified number of combat soldiers from the U.S. Army's 82nd Airborne Division have been ordered to northern Iraq where they will join the fight to retake Mosul from the Islamic State…” “About 1,700 soldiers from the same unit are overseas now, spread between Iraq and Kuwait. It's unclear whether the full remainder — approximately 2,500 paratroopers — have received deployment orders. Earlier this month, a top Army general told Congress there were plans to do precisely that, and distribute those personnel within Iraq and Syria.” — INSIDE MOSUL, U.S. MILITARY ADVISERS WEAR BLACK, via the Military Times: “U.S. military advisers in Mosul have begun wearing black uniforms similar to those preferred by Iraq's most elite troops, an attempt by the Americans to blend in as they move about the front lines in what's become an arduous block-by-block fight with Islamic State fighters who remain entrenched there. “Multiple images of black-clad troops have been shared on social media in recent weeks. And while it's common for U.S. special operations personnel to wear their partners' military uniforms, this development is unique. “In Mosul, where the Iraqi-led campaign has worn on for five months, it demonstrates just how close to the action some Americans have moved since President Trump challenged the Pentagon to bring more force to bear on ISIS. At the same time, it highlights seldom discussed tactics used by Navy SEALs and other clandestine units at the forefront of the war on terrorism.” ** A message from BAE Systems: BAE Systems delivers world-class, on-time repairs and modernization to the U.S. Navy surface fleet, and we have enhanced our total fleet support by adding new dry dock capability in San Diego. Learn more at www.baesystems.com/SAS. ** MATTIS URGES DEEPER INVOLVEMENT IN YEMEN WAR, reports The Washington Post: “Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has asked the White House to lift Obama-era restrictions on U.S. military support for Persian Gulf states engaged in a protracted civil war against Iranian-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen, according to senior Trump administration officials. “In a memo this month to national security adviser H.R. ­McMaster, Mattis said that ‘limited support’ for Yemen operations being conducted by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates — including a planned Emirati offensive to retake a key Red Sea port — would help combat a ‘common threat.’ “Approval of the request would mark a significant policy shift. U.S. military activity in Yemen until now has been confined mainly to counterterrorism operations against al-Qaeda’s affiliate there, with limited indirect backing for gulf state efforts in a two-year-old war that has yielded significant civilian casualties.” FRANCE MULLS PLAN TO REACH NATO SPENDING TARGET, via Defense News: “The French chief of defense has called on the country to inject from next year an extra €10 billion (U.S. $10.8 billion) in military spending, a funding boost that would reach NATO's budget target of 2 percent of gross domestic product by 2022. “Army Gen. Pierre de Villiers insisted France hit that budgetary target by 2022 rather than 2025, as the security threat is complex and rising, and because the services are quickly wearing out equipment due to intense operations, which will last for ‘a very long time.’” — TRUMP HANDS GERMANY THE BILL, reports The Sunday Times: “Donald Trump handed the German chancellor Angela Merkel a bill — thought to be for more than £300bn — for money her country “owed” NATO for defending it when they met last weekend, German government sources have revealed. “The bill — handed over during private talks in Washington — was described as ‘outrageous’ by one German minister.” — TILLERSON TO ATTEND RESCHEDULED NATO MEETING, The Washington Post writes: “NATO has rescheduled its upcoming foreign-ministers meeting to accommodate Secretary of State Rex Tillerson after Tillerson said he was unable to attend on the original April 5 date…” “Reports early [last] week that Tillerson had decided to skip the twice-yearly gathering of ministers, what would be his first formal meeting with NATO allies, brought sharp criticism from lawmakers and foreign policy experts who saw it as unwise from a security standpoint and as a sign of disrespect for the United States’ closest allies.” RETIRING NSA LEADER: STOP RUSSIA ELECTORAL MEDDLING, via The Washington Post: “The U.S. government has not figured out how to deter the Russians from meddling in democratic processes, and stopping their interference in elections, both here and in Europe, is a pressing problem, the top civilian leader of the National Security Agency said… “‘This is a challenge to the foundations of our democracy,’ said NSA Deputy Director Richard Ledgett, 58, who is retiring at the end of April, in an interview at Fort Meade, Md., the agency’s headquarters.” NATO SOUNDS THE ALARM ON RUSSIA IN LIBYA, reports The WSJ: “Russia’s role in Libya is causing growing concern at the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, a senior official said Saturday, with the Kremlin appearing to throw its support behind Gen. Khalifa Haftar, a rival of the United Nations-backed coalition government in Tripoli. “‘I am very concerned about Russian forces seemingly gathering to influence the situation there. It troubles me very much,’ said Rose Gottemoeller, a deputy secretary general at NATO.” AIR FORCE TAPS GENERAL TO LEAD AIR FORCE ONE DEVELOPMENT, reports The Dayton Daily News: “The Air Force has put a general in a newly created post in charge of developing the next Air Force One, which is under a Pentagon review after criticism from President Donald Trump about the plane’s costs. “The change shows how seriously the Air Force is taking criticism of a program that costs taxpayers billions of dollars” RAPTOR NOSTALGIA? Writes Military.com: “When the F-22 Raptor production line ceased in 2011, Air Force Lt. Col. Daniel thought the Pentagon had made a huge mistake… “The Air Force originally wanted at least 381 Raptors. Had the service acquired that many of the stealthy twin-engine fighters from Lockheed Martin Corp., life nowadays might be somewhat less hectic for the service members who fly and maintain them.” INDUSTRY INTEL — GAO: KC-46 SCHEDULE AT RISK, via Defense News: “The $44 billion KC-46 program is at risk of further schedule delays, the Government Accountability Office stated in a new report. “KC-46A manufacturer Boeing has struggled to meet key milestones throughout the duration of the program and is already at least one year behind by most measures. The company faces an uphill battle to keep the program on time, even as it continues to meet cost and performance goals, the GAO said.” MAKING MOVES — CNAS'S FITZGERALD JOINS SASC: Ben FitzGerald, a senior fellow with the Center for a New American Security, is joining the Senate Armed Services Committee's majority staff, the think tank announced, to handle defense industrial base and acquisitions issues. SPEED READ — Panic rises among residents as ISIS warns U.S. airstrikes in the Raqqa campaign could destroy the Tabqa dam: WSJ — Ex-CIA Director: Mike Flynn and Turkish officials discussed removal of a foe Turkish President Reccep Tayyip Erdogan from the United States: WSJ — Protesters gather in 99 cities across Russia as a top Putin critic is arrested: NYT — Drone strike kills planner of 2008 Islamabad hotel bombing, U.S. says: NYT — Pakistan starts building a fence along its border with Afghanistan: WSJ — Mysterious killing of senior Hamas operative deepens tensions between Israel and Gaza: The Washington Post — As North Korea fires missiles, some in Japan want the ability to launch strikes: The Washington Post — The White House’s blame game intensifies as the president’s agenda stalls: POLITICO — Sen. John McCain: “I have not talked to” Trump as president: POLITICO Pro — Donald Trump, Palantir and the crazy battle to clean up a multibillion-dollar military procurement swamp: Fortune — The top Democrats on the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, Rep. Adam Schiff of California and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, back an independent inquiry into any Trump-Russia ties: POLITICO — Former U.S. special forces fundraise for the families of their fallen Iraqi comrades through their “Raise the Black” campaign: The Washington Post — Britain slams apps that allow terrorists to communicate in secret: WSJ — In a sign of rising tensions, Iran slaps sanctions on 15 U.S. companies: WSJ — Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is released from his years-long detention: WSJ — The Pentagon kicks-off a satellite communications study: Defense News — The signer of an anti-Trump letter withdraws from a Pentagon think-tank: The Washington Free Beacon ** A message from BAE Systems: At BAE Systems, we work relentlessly to stay ahead of any challenge our customers may face. Our passion and dedication shows in everything we do—from advanced electronic systems to cyber operations and intelligence analysis, from combat vehicles to naval weapons, and from ship maintenance and modernization to vehicle upgrades and services. Knowing that our work makes a difference inspires us to push ourselves and the technologies we create to new levels. Learn more about our technologies, systems and services at www.baesystems.com/US. ** « View Archives Authors: Gregory Hellman ghellman@politico.com This story tagged under: Defense About The Author Gregory Hellman is a Defense Reporter Most Read Tomi Lahren Was Made for the Trump Era White House shuffles West Wing staff after health bill collapse Pence breaks tie in Senate vote targeting Planned Parenthood funding GOP scrambles to head off special election disaster Kellyanne Conway causes controversy ... again Gorsuch battle brings Senate to brink of a new low How States Could Force Trump to Release His Tax Returns Freedom Caucus reckons with wrath of Trump In Twitter attack on New York Times, Trump floats changing libel laws Trump vs. Freedom Caucus ‘cannibalization’ after health care failure Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 3/30/17 Wednesday, 3/29/17 Tuesday, 3/28/17 Monday, 3/27/17 Friday, 3/24/17 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine The Year Nixon Fell Apart By John A. Farrell Why Jim Harbaugh Took a Shot at Trump’s Budget By Daniel Strauss ‘They Think We Are Slaves’ By Zack Kopplin A Liberal Fantasy Ripped from a Hollywood Script By Jeff Greenfield More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast TV Guide Check out what's coming up on TV! Friday March 31, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Highlands Rise and Shine | Thursday, March 30, 2017 30 Mar 2017, 6:59 a.m. Your morning news snapshot from around regional Australia and beyond. That’s all for today. Don’t forget to join us again tomorrow from 7.00AM. ►Cyclists from all over Australia and around the world are set to descend on The Southern Highlands on and 22. Registrations have opened for the 2017 Bowral Classic, following the inaugural event in 2016.  ►The Highlands’ enthusiastic young AFL players will  start their season with a home-ground match.  The Southern Highlands Hawks will start the season on Sunday, April 2.  ►It’s that time of year again – Daylight Saving Time will wind up on Sunday, April 2. Clocks will need to turn back time at 3am, meaning an extra hour’s sleep for many Highlanders. ►Apply to take a share of $1.5 million to improve mental health services and outcomes. Round 2 of the Mental Health Innovation Fund has opened, and organisations have been urged to apply for a share of the funds. Goulburn MP Pru Goward said the fund offered the best minds in business, the community sector and government an opportunity to develop and deliver new ways to help people living with mental illness. ►Special guests brought along their favourite bedtime buddy to an Avoca Public School event. More than 30 preschool-aged children were invited to the school to take part in their Teddy Bears Picnic. ►Highlands residents will demand answers about the Bowral Hospital redevelopment at an upcoming Question and Answer session. South Western Sydney Local Health District and Health Infrastructure have announced a public meeting which will be held on April 3. Public Health First members will attend the meeting and press Local Health District and Health Infrastructure representatives for details of what has been planned, the Clinical Services Plan, the master plan for the redeveloped hospital and the status of the privatisation. ►Take the time to return to tradition at the Highlands’ oldest heritage-listed church. The traditional Harvest Service will be held April 2, with homegrown decorations, refreshments and a chance to walk the historic cemetery. ►Learn more about disability services in the Highlands at a fun-filled afternoon. ASDESI (autism spectrum disorder education support and information) representatives are holding an informative play day in Moss Vale for interested community members. ASDESI marketing manager Jospeh Lyons said the day offered the chance for people to access more information. ►A community-run garden has been the target of vandals. Banners hanging at the Southern Highlands Botanic Gardens were torn off the fence and ripped sometime between March 22 and March 23. SHBG board member Chris Webb said he believed the banners had been torn down and used to get an unknown car out of the mud. TRAFFIC:  All roads are clear in the Southern Highlands today. Drive safely and enjoy the journey.  TRAINS: Commuters can expect a good service on the Southern Highlands today.  WEATHER:  A cloudy day with a very high (95%) chance of rain, becoming less likely later tonight, rain possibly heavy at times, the chance of a thunderstorm this morning, winds S 15 to 20 km/h increasing to 25 to 35 km/h in the middle of the day and a temperature of 20 can be expected in the Highlands today. Here's a look at what the local weather is doing right now: 7.00AM:  Good morning and welcome to the Southern Highlands Rise and Shine. Over the next few hours we will be bringing you as much information as possible from across the Southern Highlands and nationally. Weather, road conditions, breaking news, we will have it all - and we'd love to have your help! If there's anything happening in your part of the world, drop us a line! Email jackie.meyers@fairfaxmedia.com.au Need a national news snapshot first thing - well, we have you covered. Regional news ►LAUNCESTON: If you’re looking to expand your family, a happy cow might be just what you were looking for.  A curious ad appeared on the online buy-and-sell site Gumtree on Tuesday evening advertising an Ashgrove Farm ‘happy cow’ was going free to a good home. Read more. ►BALLARAT: The thunder of hooves and the crash of timber on armour will fill the grounds of Kryal Castle this weekend as our Australian jousters take on their New Zealand counterparts in the Tasman Shield International Jousting Tournament. Ballarat veteran Phillip Leitch is joining compatriots Cliff Marisma and Andrew McKinnon to combat the NZ team of Jezz Smith, Vikki Subritzy and Simon Neilsen. Read more. ►MANDURAH: In the wake of recent statistics showing a significant increase in the number of people taking methamphetamines and seeking help for drug addiction, the Palmerston Association is set to roll out a comprehensive community response to meth for families and individuals in the Peel region. A recent secret test of wastewater undertaken by the Australian Criminal Intelligence Commission has shown a significant rise in the amount of people addicted to methamphetamines. Read more. ►NEWCASTLE: THE RSPCA will not prosecute a Fullerton Cove boarding kennel for animal cruelty, after autopsy results ruled out heat stress as the cause of death for a popular Fern Bay greyhound. The death of Baron the greyhound on December 28 sparked outrage among animal lovers, after Fern Bay man Nathan Wilson publicly criticised Jane’s Pet Resort following the death of his beloved pet, believing the dog died of dehydration and heatstroke while in the boarding kennel’s care. Read more. ►WOLLONGONG: Kevin Condon's is not the face you usually see splashed across a news story about vaccination. It's usually a chubbier, more youthful visage. About seven decades more youthful. The babies and preschoolers of parents opposed to vaccinations are the unrivalled targets of government and media focus surrounding immunisation rates. But the children of anti-vaxxers and vaccine-hesitant people form a tiny subset of Australia's under-vaccinated population. Read more. ►GRIFFITH: A convicted killer who's been on the run since skipping a Melbourne court date seven years ago has reportedly been seen in NSW. Police say Graham Gene Potter was spotted in Griffith twice in July 2016 - once in a shop and another at a gym. There were reports of possible sightings in August last year, but Victoria Police have released more information about the fugitive and his movements. Read more. ►TASMANIA: Alisha Powell and her mum Cherie Mackean were heartbroken when they discovered two kittens fighting for their lives at Cataract Gorge.  The pair were about to begin their morning run when Ms Powell heard screeching from the bushes.  “We thought it was a bird,” she said. Read more. ►MURRAY BRIDGE: There are more than 2,300 little corella sites across South Australia, according to a study released this month by Discovery Circle, an initiative of the University of South Australia. The statewide report aimed to identify steps, based on research and consultation with the public, to help reduce issues with little corellas. Read more. National news ► Bronwyn Bishop has avoided a planned review of her use of entitlements over the last 10 years by cutting short her participation in the investigation, which had already led to the former Speaker repaying taxpayers $6700 for costs related to her attending her colleague's weddings and Kerry Packer's funeral. Read more. ►A convicted murderer who attempted to sue the NSW prisons boss over his incarceration in Goulburn's Supermax prison has been shot in Sydney's west. Emad Sleiman was shot in the chest and leg inside an Auburn apartment block at 9.20pm on Wednesday. Read more. ►A man has died and another man is seriously injured in hospital after their car crashed following a police pursuit in the NSW central west. Both men were ejected from the car in the single vehicle crash in South Bathurst, near the intersection of Lloyds Road and Vale Road, police said The car was being pursued by police moments before the driver lost control just after 1pm on Wednesday. Read more. ►There is more to income inequality than the famed 1 per cent versus the 99 per cent or standing chief executive officers next to average workers. Inequality in wages, new research has found, is increasingly defined by where you work not what your job title is. Read more. National weather radar World news ► BANGKOK: Cambodian authorities have permanently banned the sale and export of human breast milk after suspending exports from a US company that has been collecting it from impoverished mothers for more than two years. The ban has put the spotlight on a global trade in breast milk to other mothers, bodybuilders, cancer patients and breast-milk fetishists. Read more. ► PERU: A Boeing jet operated by Peruvian Airlines caught fire on Tuesday while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru after it swerved on the runway, but there were no serious injuries, a government minister said. Peruvian Airlines said in a statement that the Boeing 737-300 jet drove off the runway for unspecified reasons during the scheduled landing, after swerving to the right. It said that all 141 people on board the flight, which originated in Lima, were evacuated safely. Read more. ► LONDON: London: In the day of terror that besieged Westminster just seven days ago, one particular eyewitness account stood out as especially horrific. "I saw a body fall into the water," a horrified worker who had been sitting on Parliament's balcony told Fairfax Media. An hour earlier he had seen the horror Khalid Masood was able to unleash in just 82 seconds, beginning at 2.40pm. Read more. On this day 1461 –  The armies of two kings, Henry VI and Edward IV, collide at Towton. 1827 –  Composer Ludwig van Beethoven is buried in Vienna amidst a crowd of over 10,000 mourners. 1867 –  The United States purchases Alaska from Russia for $7.2 million dollars. 1886 –  Coca-Cola goes on sale for the first time at a drugstore in Atlanta. Its inventor, Dr. John Pemberton, claims it can cure anything from hysteria to the common cold. 1903 –  A regular news service begins between New York and London on Marconi's wireless. 1936 –  Italy firebombs the Ethiopian city of Harar. 1941 –  The British sink five Italian warships off the Peloponnesus coast in the Mediterranean. 1951 –  The Chinese reject Gen. Douglas MacArthur's offer for a truce in Korea. 1962 –  Cuba opens the trial of the Bay of Pigs invaders. 1967 –  France launches its first nuclear submarine. 1973 –  The last U.S. troops withdraw from South Vietnam. 1976 –  Eight Ohio National Guardsmen are indicted for shooting four Kent State students during an anti-war protest on May 4, 1970. 1986 –  A court in Rome acquits six men in a plot to kill the Pope. Faces of Australia  Ryker Harris – Ryker Harris pushes and barters with his parents just like any other three-year-old but unlike his peers he battles every day with a genetic disorder called Meier-Gorlin Syndrome. His mother Lana Stewart said Ryker was diagnosed within four hours of birth as one of about 53 individuals worldwide with this syndrome.  “To have this syndrome you need three things, small ears, no kneecaps and short stature,” she said. Read more. Latest News Time stands still in Parliament House as a filibustering Senate holds itself hostage Senate 'won't rise' until company tax cuts are dealt with: Cormann Centrelink made it easier to complain and 114,000 took them up Notorious bush bandits Gino and Mark Stocco jailed for 40 years Mapping the spectrum with fun | PHOTOS Editor's Picks Popular ‘Show me the money,’ Kiama MP tells federal government ‘Show me the money’ – MP ​$1.8 million in fines from one speed camera Two injured in gas bottle explosion at Wollongong primary school Celebrity chef Mark Olive talks reality shows and Wollongong’s foodie scene Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Throwback Thursday Brigadoon: PHOTOS Get into the Brigadoon spirit with this blast from the past. Beary special picnic | PHOTOS More than 30 children enjoyed a feast in a bear's den out at Avoca Public School. World Harmony Day | PHOTOS Some of the shire's youngest citizens recently celebrated World Harmony Day Bowral Autumn Music Festival | PHOTOS Music lovers flocked to the Highlands on March 24-26 to hear nationally and internationally renowned musicians. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport NRL AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Community Local Business Features Events Photo Sales Local Business Listings Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Women Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Ag and Rural Tributes Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyJobFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classified Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close 1 of 4 HOGP This still image taken from NASA shows NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson during a space walk at the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. Whitson, the world's oldest and most experienced spacewoman has just set another record, her eighth spacewalk. Whitson and her spacewalking partner, Shane Kimbrough need to complete prep work on a docking port. (NASA via AP) HOGP In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson, above, and Shane Kimbrough work on the outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk. (NASA via AP) Dmitri Lovetsky FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 file photo, U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, member of the main crew of the expedition to the International Space Station, waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship at the Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. On Thursday, March 30, 2017, Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman, eight, as she works on preparations for a new docking port on the ISS. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool) HOGP In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Shane Kimbrough, left, and Peggy Whitson, install a shield on a relocated docking port outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk at another part of the station earlier in the day. (NASA via AP) AP Spacewalkers lose piece of shielding, use patch instead By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer Mar 30, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago 0 HOGP This still image taken from NASA shows NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson during a space walk at the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. Whitson, the world's oldest and most experienced spacewoman has just set another record, her eighth spacewalk. Whitson and her spacewalking partner, Shane Kimbrough need to complete prep work on a docking port. (NASA via AP) HOGP In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson, above, and Shane Kimbrough work on the outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk. (NASA via AP) Dmitri Lovetsky FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016 file photo, U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, member of the main crew of the expedition to the International Space Station, waves from a bus prior the launch of Soyuz MS-3 spaceship at the Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. On Thursday, March 30, 2017, Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman, eight, as she works on preparations for a new docking port on the ISS. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool) HOGP In this image made from video provided by NASA, U.S. astronauts Shane Kimbrough, left, and Peggy Whitson, install a shield on a relocated docking port outside of the International Space Station on Thursday, March 30, 2017. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk at another part of the station earlier in the day. (NASA via AP) CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Spacewalking astronauts carried out an impromptu patch job outside the International Space Station on Thursday, after losing a vital piece of cloth shielding when it floated away. As the drama unfolded, Peggy Whitson set a record for the most spacewalks by a woman — eight — and the most accumulated time spent spacewalking — just over 53 hours. The bundled-up shield somehow came loose as Whitson and Shane Kimbrough worked to install micrometeorite protection over a spot left exposed when a new docking port was relocated. Mission Control monitored the shield as it drifted away and, a couple hours later, determined it posed no risk to the 250-mile-high outpost. It was visible in the distance as a white dot. As Whitson and Kimbrough installed the three remaining shields, Mission Control quickly came up with a TV MacGyver-like plan for a patch. The astronauts filled the gap using the cover that they had just removed from the relocated docking port. The cover is made of the same material as the shielding, according to Mission Control, and just as capable of protecting against potential strikes by bits of space debris and providing thermal control. The entire space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. It was not immediately clear how the shield got away, said NASA spokesman Dan Huot. It's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Frustration was evident in Whitson's voice as she told Mission Control about the mishap. She was delighted, though, by how well everything turned out. "You guys came up with a fantastic plan — on short notice. That's amazing," Whitson radioed. Spacewalkers have lost things before, including an entire tool kit in 2008. But the getaway items are usually small, like bolts. The lost fabric shield is relatively large: It weighs 18 pounds and, when unfolded, measures about 5 feet by 2 feet and is about 2 inches thick. It eventually will re-enter the atmosphere and burn up. The relocated docking port will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. It was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station's commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. The spacewalkers hooked up heater cables to the port Thursday. Midway through the seven-hour excursion, Whitson surpassed the record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. Whitson is now No. 5 on the all-time spacewalking list. A Russian holds the top spot: Anatoly Solovyev with 16 spacewalks for a grand total of 82 hours. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she's spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She's scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that's due to launch with two astronauts next month and return in September. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V to haul up the goods. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Science Space Exploration Record Setting Events General News Space Industry Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Business Port Operation Transportation Infrastructure Transportation And Shipping Locations Florida United States North America Russia Eastern Europe Europe × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Storm threat chances reduced, but still remain Hospital to offer free diabetes class UNA to stage 'Inspector General' Shooting victim improving Police trying to identity thief TVA siren testing cancelled SEDA board recommends program funding Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Should the timing of spring break be uniform for all schools? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Boeing P-8Is to do patrolling for Navy as TU-142M flies into sunset Our Bureau comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet PTI Navy Chief Sunil Lanba at the de-induction of India’s long range maritime patrol aircraft, TU-142M, at INS Rajali in Arakkonam on Wednesday PTI Mumbai, March 30:   The Indian Navy has inducted P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft to replace the TU-142M, which had played a stellar role in several operations. The TU-142M was on Wednesday retired after 29 years of service. The Indian Navy and the Andhra Pradesh government plan to convert an aircraft into a museum. At a ceremony at Naval Air Station INS Rajali in Arakkonam, Tamil Nadu, attended by Admiral Sunil Lanba, Chief of the Naval Staff, the ‘Flying Destroyer’ was given an impressive farewell, flying for the last time in unison with three Chetak helicopters, two Dorniers, one IL-38 and the new Boeing P-8I. The P-8I, which is equipped with harpoon anti-ship missiles, lightweight torpedoes, rockets and new generation sensors and radars, has been fully integrated into the operational grid, the Navy said in a statement. P-8I is the third type of aircraft, after the Lockheed L1049G Super Constellation and the TU-142M, to be operated by Indian Navy’s 312nd Squadron. While eight P-8Is have been inducted, Boeing is to deliver four more in 2020. Lauding TU 142M’s service, Admiral Sunil Lanba recollected the crucial role played by the 312nd Squadron in Maldives, where fleeing mercenaries were detected and tracked till they were apprehended by India’s warships. (This article was published on March 30, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS politics | defence | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Ennore Oil Spill Two ships collided off the Kamarajar Port, Ennore, tamil Nadu on January 28. One of them carrying 32,813 tonnes of oil, was damaged and this lead to an oil spill. Watch to know more. more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Shah meets Vaghela, sets tongues wagging Solar energy reaches another milestone High dependence on personal savings delaying home ownership for first-time buyers: survey Under attack, African students want to Quit India HAL bags ₹8,000-cr order for Dhruv copters BJP lining up all-star cast for Delhi civic polls Package for powerloom sector on April 1: Irani Drone to inspect ships, underwater structures wins start-up contest In RS, Opposition prepares to amend GST Bill, too True North to invest $200 m in KIMS Top Gainers / Top Losers Slideshow Day In Pictures more slideshows »  Business Wire TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions Business Wire India TSYS® (NYSE: TSS), a leading global payment solutions provider, today announced it has entered into a definitive a... » Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Business Wire India Murex, the distinguished provider of capital markets and treasury solutions, is proud to announce that it has been named as a Lea... » Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Business Wire India Amid global legal changes which affect the transfer of data between countries and in regulated industries, organisations are grap... » Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Business Wire India Foremay, Inc., a leader of technology innovation in rugged solid state drives and one of the world’s » Read More » LATEST NEWS Jaitley introduces Taxation Laws (amendment) Bill 8 min. ago Nifty call: Go long on a reversal from 9,175 15 min. ago Trump to order trade abuses study, improve import duty collection 36 min. ago Glenmark gets USFDA nod for Milnacipran Hydrochloride tablets 41 min. ago Govt lowers interest rate on small savings schemes by 0.1% 56 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in News Under attack, African students want to Quit India MEA goes into overdrive to ease situation as Indian envoy summoned by Nigerian Govt » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Fri, Mar 31, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In News Science Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit All News Ireland Irish News World UK Europe US Africa Middle East Asia-Pacific Politics Oireachtas Poll Assembly Election Election 2016 Crime & Law Social Affairs Religion & Beliefs Health Education Student Hub Brexit Courts Irish Times Data Environment Science Consumer Offbeat In Depth Specials Trump presidency Terror attacks Podcasts Inside Politics World View Subscriptions ePaper Newspaper Archive By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Oops: Shield meant to deflect debris becomes... space junk Panel being fitted on International Space Station floats into the void during spacewalk about 12 hours ago In this image made from video provided by Nasa, US astronauts Peggy Whitson, above, and Shane Kimbrough work on the outside of the International Space Station on Thursday. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk. Photograph: Nasa/AP         A five-foot (1.5-metre) debris shield being installed on the International Space Station floated away into space on Thursday during a spacewalk by two veteran US astronauts, a Nasa TV broadcast showed. Peggy Whitson, who became the world’s most experienced female spacewalker during the outing, told ground control teams that a bag containing the debris shield floated away at about 10am (3pm Irish time). At the time, Ms Whitson (57), and station commander Shane Kimbrough (49), were about midway through a planned 6.5-hour spacewalk to prepare a docking port for upcoming commercial space taxis and to tackle other maintenance tasks. It was the eighth spacewalk for Ms Whitson, who surpassed the 50-hour, 40-minute record total cumulative spacewalk time by a female astronaut, previously held by Nasa astronaut Sunita Williams. Cameras on the station tracked the debris shield bag as it sailed into the distance. ‘No safety threat’ Nasa said engineers had determined it posed no safety threat to the astronauts or to the facility, a $100 billion research laboratory that flies about 250 miles (402km) above Earth. No other details were immediately available about how the shield, which weighs 8kg, was lost. “Teams are focused on completing the [spacewalk] and will review the events as they unfolded after it is completed,” Nasa spokesman Dan Huot wrote in an email. Ms Whitson and Mr Kimbrough were working on a docking port that will eventually be used by space taxis being developed by Boeing and privately owned Space Exploration Technologies. The pair installed three other debris shields during their spacewalk and fitted a temporary cover over the docking port where the lost shield would have gone. Thermal shielding While not a perfect fit, the cover will help protect the station from impacts and provide thermal shielding, Nasa said. Spacewalkers occasionally lose small items like nuts and screws, but rarely do large objects slip away. The last such occasion was in 2008 when an astronaut lost hold of her tool bag while struggling with a jammed solar panel. The lost debris shield will eventually be pulled back into Earth’s atmosphere and burn up. Until then, it joins more than 21,000 other pieces of orbiting trash and debris that are big enough to be tracked by radar and cameras on Earth. Reuters       Topics: Dan Huot Peggy Whitson Shane Kimbrough Williams Sunita Nasa Boeing United States Read More Marching in solidarity for science What are exoplanets and can they sustain life? Tasmanian tiger ‘sightings’ prompt searches in Australia Robots part of a gold rush under the sea Media and politicians must not be let lie about climate change One of Mercury’s most prominent features named as Gaeilge Nose shape may be due to climate, study finds That’s Maths: How can highly unlikely events be commonplace? Supermassive: Irish scientist offers explanation for black holes Breast Cancer: Graphic visualisation of tweets wins award More from The Irish Times Irish News Live: ‘Almost all’ Dart, Dublin Bus and Irish Rail services cancelled due to Bus Éireann picketing Opinion Noel Whelan: Anger over Brexit will not get Ireland anywhere European Cup Liam Toland: Leinster have to skewer Wasps’ playmaking trident Innovation Black Twist’s coffee and whiskey blend targets millennials Most Read in News 1 Live: ‘Almost all’ Dart, Dublin Bus and Irish Rail services cancelled due to Bus Éireann picketing 2 Trump targets Ireland’s ‘chronic’ trade surplus with US 3 New private school set to be the State’s most expensive 4 Hairdresser awarded €20,000 after banging knee off table leg 5 Five family members killed in helicopter crash Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Science Columns Fears of robots stealing our jobs are misplaced It was feared ATMs would displace bank tellers. However, deployment of ATMs reduces bank running costs, allowing banks to open more branches A life-saving whirligig Research shows how the complex dynamics of a simple toy can be exploited for valuable global health applications That’s Maths: How can highly unlikely events be commonplace? Sir David Hand’s Improbability Principle codifies the paradoxical idea that extremely unlikely events happen frequently Latest Ireland Live: ‘Almost all’ Dart, Dublin Bus and Irish Rail services cancelled due to Bus Éireann picketing 07:46 Five things you need to know today 07:38 Cabinet to consider ‘fundamental review’ of Garda 01:00 Fianna Fáil to seek more power for Policing Authority 01:00 Rescue 116 crash: Salvage company to assist search for crew 01:00 Features & Opinion Media and politicians must not be let lie about climate change Conservative US politicians have long rejected scientific facts on global warming Is the importance of female role models in science overstated? Study concluded that the concept of role models in the sciences is far more complex than we might think Anti-vaccine sentiment will not be easily eradicated Since the first vaccination – against smallpox – debate about vaccine safety has raged Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 31/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Small Satellite Market by Applications, Types, New Technology – Opportunity Analysis and Forecast: 2017 – 2022 Small Satellite Market offers comprehensive research study on the current scenario of the Small Satellite market globally, offering a primary overview of Small Satellite market, consisting of definitions, classifications, a range of applications and Small Satellite industry chain structure. Small Satellite Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a valuable source of understanding data for business strategists. Small Satellite Market provides the overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. Small Satellite Market report provides full analysis of Key market segments and sub-segments, growing Small Satellite industry trends and dynamics Changing supply and demand scenarios, calculating Small Satellite Market opportunities through sizing and forecasting, Tracking current trends/opportunities/challenges, Opportunity mapping in terms of technological breakthroughs. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Small Satellite Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10520271 Next part of the Small Satellite Market analysis report gives overview about the manufacturing process. Small Satellite Market is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs and the actual process. Top Manufacturers of Small Satellite Market: SIERRA NEVADA CORPORATION ST ENGINEERING LIMITED SURREY SATELLITE TECHNOLOGY LTD. PLANET LABS INC. AIRBUS DEFENSE AND SPACE NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION SPACE EXPLORATION TECHNOLOGIES CORP. (SPACE X) BOEING THALES ALENIA SPACE Major Topics Covered in Small Satellite Market Research Report: • Small Satellite Market Forecast 2017-2021 • Economic Impact • Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers • Small Satellite Market Analysis by Application & Type • Volume, Value and Price Analysis with respect to Countries • Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders • Small Satellite Industry Effect Factors Analysis Ask Sample PDF @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10520271 Small Satellite Market by Regions: • North America • Europe • China • Japan • Southeast Asia • India Small Satellite Market Effect Factors Analysis: • Small Satellite Market Technology Progress/Risk • Technology Progress in Related Industry • Small Satellite Market Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change • Economic/Political Environmental Change Global Small Satellite market report provides the potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, and Small Satellite Market demand and supply scenarios. For More Enquiry, Ask Experts @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10520271 The Small Satellite Market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Reasons for Buying Small Satellite Market Report: • Small Satellite Market provides overall Small Satellite industry analysis on distinct factors driving or restraining market growth • Five Years Forecast Prediction for Small Satellite Market and how it grows. • Top Vendors key point analysis of growing competition in Small Satellite Market leads you towards market growth. Total No of Pages: 114 Price: $2800 (Single User Licence) Purchase this Report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10520271   CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, equipment, Google News, satellite, satPRnews, Small Satellite Industry, Small Satellite Industry Forecast, Small Satellite Market, Small Satellite Market analysis, Small Satellite Market growth, Small Satellite Market size, Small Satellite Market trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Larry Levine of Peapack-Gladstone Bank is Appointed to Rutgers Customer Experience Advisory Board Next PostNext U.S. Stem Cell, Inc. Working Closely with FDA to Obtain Regenerative Advanced Therapy Designation Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Airborne Early Warning Radar Market Potential Growth, Share, Demand and Analysis of Key Players- Research Forecasts to 2022 Airborne Early Warning Radar Market offers comprehensive research study on the current scenario of the Airborne Early Warning Radar market globally, offering a primary overview of Airborne Early Warning Radar market, consisting of definitions, classifications, a range of applications and Airborne Early Warning Radar industry chain structure. Airborne Early Warning Radar Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a valuable source of understanding data for business strategists. Airborne Early Warning Radar Market provides the overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. Airborne Early Warning Radar Market report provides full analysis of Key market segments and sub-segments, growing Airborne Early Warning Radar industry trends and dynamics Changing supply and demand scenarios, calculating Airborne Early Warning Radar Market opportunities through sizing and forecasting, Tracking current trends/opportunities/challenges, Opportunity mapping in terms of technological breakthroughs. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Airborne Early Warning Radar Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10541128 Next part of the Airborne Early Warning Radar Market analysis report gives overview about the manufacturing process. Airborne Early Warning Radar Market is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs and the actual process. Top Manufacturers of Airborne Early Warning Radar Market: Boeing Lockheed Martin Westinghouse/TI AVIC Major Topics Covered in Airborne Early Warning Radar Market Research Report: • Airborne Early Warning Radar Market Forecast 2017-2021 • Economic Impact • Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers • Airborne Early Warning Radar Market Analysis by Application & Type • Volume, Value and Price Analysis with respect to Countries • Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders • Airborne Early Warning Radar Industry Effect Factors Analysis Ask Sample PDF @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10541128 Airborne Early Warning Radar Market by Regions: • North America • Europe • China • Japan • Southeast Asia • India Airborne Early Warning Radar Market Effect Factors Analysis: • Airborne Early Warning Radar Market Technology Progress/Risk • Technology Progress in Related Industry • Airborne Early Warning Radar Market Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change • Economic/Political Environmental Change Global Airborne Early Warning Radar market report provides the potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, and Airborne Early Warning Radar Market demand and supply scenarios. Types of Airborne Early Warning Radar Market: – Air-interception Radar Bombing Radar Navigation Radar Applications of Airborne Early Warning Radar Market: – Defense Attack Other For More Enquiry, Ask Experts @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10541128 The Airborne Early Warning Radar Market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Reasons for Buying Airborne Early Warning Radar Market Report: • Airborne Early Warning Radar Market provides overall Airborne Early Warning Radar industry analysis on distinct factors driving or restraining market growth • Five Years Forecast Prediction for Airborne Early Warning Radar Market and how it grows. • Top Vendors key point analysis of growing competition in Airborne Early Warning Radar Market leads you towards market growth. Total No of Pages: 106 Price: $2800 (Single User Licence) Purchase this Report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10541128 CategoriesUncategorized TagsAirborne Early Warning Radar Industry, Airborne Early Warning Radar Industry Forecast, Airborne Early Warning Radar Market, Airborne Early Warning Radar Market analysis, Airborne Early Warning Radar Market growth, Airborne Early Warning Radar Market size, Airborne Early Warning Radar Market trends, Automotive, equipment, Google News, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pitzer College Appoints Nigel Boyle as Vice President for Academic Affairs and Dean of Faculty Next PostNext Join the Barona Coffee Club for Free Donuts, Coffee & 3X Points Every Weekday in April Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Photos Videos Topics Live UAE 99/3 (28.1) - PNG (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Sci/Tech Space station debris shield floats away during spacewalk Shares1 Thu, 30 Mar 2017-11:41pm , Reuters A five-foot (1.5-meter) debris shield being installed on the International Space Station floated away on Thursday during a spacewalk by two veteran U.S. astronauts, a NASA TV broadcast showed. Peggy Whitson, who became the world's most experienced female spacewalker during the outing, told ground control teams that a bag containing the debris shield floated away at about 10 a.m. EDT/1400 GMT. At the time, Whitson, 57, and station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, were about midway through a planned 6.5-hour spacewalk to prepare a docking port for upcoming commercial space taxis and to tackle other maintenance tasks. It was the eighth spacewalk for Whitson, who surpassed the 50-hour, 40-minute record total cumulative spacewalk time by a female astronaut previously held by NASA astronaut Sunita Williams. Cameras on the station tracked the debris shield bag as it sailed into the distance. NASA said engineers determined it posed no safety threat to the astronauts or to the facility, a $100 billion research laboratory that flies about 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. No other details were immediately available about how the shield, which weighs 18 pounds (8 kg) and measures 63.6-by-23.4- by-2.6 inches (162-by-59-by-7 cm), was lost. "Teams are focused on completing the (spacewalk) and will review the events as they unfolded after it is completed," NASA spokesman Dan Huot wrote in an email. Whitson and Kimbrough were working on a docking port that will eventually be used by space taxis being developed by Boeing and privately owned Space Exploration Technologies. The pair installed three other debris shields during their spacewalk and fitted a temporary cover over the docking port where the lost shield would have gone. While not a perfect fit, the cover will help protect the station from impacts and provide thermal shielding, NASA said. Spacewalkers occasionally lose small items like nuts and screws, but rarely do large objects slip away. The last such occasion was in 2008 when an astronaut lost hold of her tool bag while struggling with a jammed solar panel. The lost debris shield will eventually be pulled back into Earth's atmosphere and burn up. Until then, it joins more than 21,000 other pieces of orbiting trash and debris that are big enough to be tracked by radar and cameras on Earth. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech US astronaut breaks record for most spacewalks by a woman Sci/Tech Solar wind turned Mars into dry and cold planet, claims study Sci/Tech SpaceX makes history: Successfully launches first recycled rocket booster! Sci/Tech Thin body ideals make overweight consumers spend more, according to study Sci/Tech iPhones assembly in Bengaluru by Apple in less than a month: Karanataka IT minister Sci/Tech Facebook Messenger to no longer work on Windows smartphones Live Cricket Score Live UAE 99/3 (28.1) PNG (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Solar wind turned Mars into dry and cold planet, claims study Soon, we'll be watching videos from NASA's next-gen Orion in ultra-HD NASA's stopwatch can measure billionth of second! Video Watch | This heart-wrenching true story of a transgender mother has all the right feels! WATCH | This Sikh man has a unique way to protest hate crimes in the US! Watch: End of an era, as closing credits roll in Delhi's Regal cinema View all Tags NASA Earth Boeing Peggy Whitson Shane Kimbrough Dan Huot International Space Station Sunita Williams U. S. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Kanimozhi pulls up Modi Govt. for overlooking Tamil farmers' plight Two Hong Kong democracy activists jailed in southern China Cyient founder B V R Mohan Reddy among Padma recipients Maoists attack Odisha railway station to protest PM's April Husband of slain Indian woman not charged, may attend funeral Sport Soccer-Liverpool investigated for approach on academy prospect Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Cricket-Pakistan board chief to step down in August Tendulkar calls Pujara 'silent warrior', praises Umesh Entertainment Justin Bieber spotted with a mystery woman after Brazilian gig Joss Whedon reportedly in talks to direct 'Batgirl' movie Pink back in studio three months after giving birth Hollywood plans to make movies online 45 days after release Is this the reason why Deepak Tijori's wife has deserted him? Money Cottonseed oilcake futures surge Rs 20 per quintal Mail delivery firm DX Group in talks to buy John Menzies' unit Lead futures slide on low spot demand, profit booking Govt slashes interest rates on small saving schemes by 0.1% Mentha oil futures rise 0.28 pc as demand picks up Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Space station debris shield floats away during spacewalk By Reuters Published: 14:08 EDT, 30 March 2017 | Updated: 14:08 EDT, 30 March 2017 e-mail By Irene Klotz CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., March 30 (Reuters) - A five-foot (1.5-meter) debris shield being installed on the International Space Station floated away on Thursday during a spacewalk by two veteran U.S. astronauts, a NASA TV broadcast showed. Peggy Whitson, who became the world's most experienced female spacewalker during the outing, told ground control teams that a bag containing the debris shield floated away at about 10 a.m. EDT/1400 GMT. At the time, Whitson, 57, and station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, were about midway through a planned 6.5-hour spacewalk to prepare a docking port for upcoming commercial space taxis and to tackle other maintenance tasks. It was the eighth spacewalk for Whitson, who surpassed the 50-hour, 40-minute record total cumulative spacewalk time by a female astronaut previously held by NASA astronaut Sunita Williams. Cameras on the station tracked the debris shield bag as it sailed into the distance. NASA said engineers determined it posed no safety threat to the astronauts or to the facility, a $100 billion research laboratory that flies about 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. No other details were immediately available about how the shield, which weighs 18 pounds (8 kg) and measures 63.6-by-23.4- by-2.6 inches (162-by-59-by-7 cm), was lost. "Teams are focused on completing the (spacewalk) and will review the events as they unfolded after it is completed," NASA spokesman Dan Huot wrote in an email. Whitson and Kimbrough were working on a docking port that will eventually be used by space taxis being developed by Boeing and privately owned Space Exploration Technologies. The pair installed three other debris shields during their spacewalk and fitted a temporary cover over the docking port where the lost shield would have gone. While not a perfect fit, the cover will help protect the station from impacts and provide thermal shielding, NASA said. Spacewalkers occasionally lose small items like nuts and screws, but rarely do large objects slip away. The last such occasion was in 2008 when an astronaut lost hold of her tool bag while struggling with a jammed solar panel. The lost debris shield will eventually be pulled back into Earth's atmosphere and burn up. Until then, it joins more than 21,000 other pieces of orbiting trash and debris that are big enough to be tracked by radar and cameras on Earth. (Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Leslie Adler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Thomas Cohen recalls the harrowing moment he found late wife Peaches Geldof's body... as he laments sons being alive more years than they knew her  Proportion parade! Kim Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans EXCLUSIVE: Gaunt Brad Pitt looks a shadow of his former self in shock new pictures as split from Angelina Jolie takes a toll Is Lauren masking a bump? Shy Goodger 'confirms pregnancy' in deleted tweet after hiding under a sheet... despite denying she's been intimate with Joey All that glitters! Khloe Kardashian shows off her INCREDIBLE figure in a sparkly sheer one-piece during sexy photoshoot Stunning She's cracked it! Mum blogger Clemmie Telford taste tests M&S Easter eggs and picks the PERFECT chocolate treat for everyone in her life SPONSORED This Morning's Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield accused of being 'condescending' towards ex Dawson Creek star James Van Der Beek Mel B is left 'livid' at Victoria Beckham's Carpool Karaoke... as she 'accuses former bandmate of using Spice Girls' music to boost profile' Cheeky girl! Shanina Shaik shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she frolics on the beach at WAGS star Nicole Williams' bachelorette party 'I still feel very warm towards her': Russell Brand on how fame wrecked his marriage to Katy Perry, his 'giddy love' for daughter Mabel and love for her mother Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley glows as she displays her blossoming bump in figure-hugging frilled pink dress at Seoul Fashion Week Could Katie Price be in hot water over topless sunbathing? Glamour model 'bends strict Maldivian nudity law' to tan her 32GG chest Flouted the rules Her favorite Legend! Chrissy Teigen shows off cute daughter Luna as she goes on Hollywood shopping spree Just Ordinary People 'Shame on you': John Legend defends Kim Kardashian after nasty dig on Twitter about her plans to have more children  Lashed out  'The little dancing feet have arrived': Strictly's Anton Du Beke, 50, welcomes twins with girlfriend Hannah Summers, 41 Happy news 'We were a mess': Lauren Pope reveals TOWIE scenes were often cut because she and ex co-star Lauren Goodger went to filming DRUNK after nights out . 'Here we go again!' Westlife's Kian Egan and wife Jodi Albert announce they're expecting their third child Growing brood Bronze ambition! Ferne McCann shows off her stunning figure in a metallic bikini as she posts yet another sizzling snap from her Maldives holiday Jeremy McConnell shares heartwarming family portrait with ex Stephanie Davis and their son Caben-Albi... amid turbulent 'assault' row  Imogen Thomas shows off her sensational curves in brightly coloured one-piece as she exhibits her very best gymnastics moves on Miami beach 'The wheels are falling off a bit!' Mel C, 43, reveals she's feeling the physical effects of ageing... after years of embracing ultra fit Sporty Spice image Red hot! Kelly Bensimon flaunts her ample assets in plunging swimsuit as she takes a dip on vacation in Florida Winter and war comes to Westeros in dark and brooding teaser with Kit Harington, Emilia Clarke and Lena Headey for Game Of Thrones' seventh season  Alesha Dixon looks summery in a vest top as she joins long term boyfriend at star-studded Thorpe Park launch A wild ride Abs-olutely ripped! Lily Collins shows off impressively toned torso in black sports bra and sheer leggings while on coffee run in LA Svelte physique She's eclectic! Claudia Winkleman looks typically striking in camouflage jacket and jeans as she steps out at National Geographic's Genius premiere Babymoon bliss! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad shares peek of her baby bump while enjoying beach break before birth  One last relaxing trip Former Made In Chelsea star Nicola Hughes slips into a sweet floral shirt dress for Benefit beauty preview party Ripe for a joke! Giggly Victoria Beckham lets her guard down on James Corden's Late Show as she gets fruit thrown at her in a game of Flinch Marnie Simpson hides her curves under a coat dress cover up... hours after fans accuse her of altering raunchy naked shot Unusually demure  What a babe! Olivia Wilde swaps her graphic T-shirt for a purple unicorn top as she heads to Life Itself set Busy filming the new movie Lucy Mecklenburgh stands out from the crowd in a fluffy jacket and sky-high heels as she is reunited with ex-TOWIE co-star Lydia Bright Mila Kunis reveals she's content with her 'perfect' family with Ashton Kutcher and has no plans for more kids Parents to a son and daughter Pretty in patterns! Jasmine Tookes turns heads as she shows off impressive abs in crocheted crop top after lunch in LA Always in style Birthday girl Ashley James flaunts her fantastic figure in a busty glittering crop top as she celebrates her 30th with star-studded bash 'I fancied her so much': Jack Whitehall reveals he 'found it hard to control' his schoolboy crush on Eva Longoria at Decline And Fall filming Tamara Ecclestone looks busty in a black maxi sundress as she gets back into LA life with daughter Sophia Every inch the Hollywood mum 'I'm going to try to have one more baby': Kim Kardashian reveals last-ditch plan to have surgery on uterus despite doctor's warnings Squad goals! Kourtney Kardashian cuts a stylish display in striped duster as she steps out with Larsa Pippen Seems closer to Kim's BFF than ever Ready for war! Blac Chyna heads to court in camouflage after Tyga 'threatens lawsuit' over her claims he has not been paying child support Catherine Zeta-Jones exudes old Hollywood glamour in chic brown trousers, shirt and blazer as she steps out in NYC after promoting new TV drama Pippa signs up Posh and Becks' PR mastermind for advice in the run-up to her wedding to hedge fund millionaire  Used to posh clients Wonder in white! Halle Berry goes braless under thin lacy poncho as she shares VERY sexy snap on Instagram Wowed fans  Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley cuddles up to cute son Alfie as she joins co-star Kym Marsh at LEGOLAND discovery launch Cara Delevingne looks white hot in gold studded trousers as she promotes her new sci-fi film.. after revealing she will SHAVE her head for next movie role 'That changes everything': Jessica Biel makes a surprising discovery about her ancestor in sneak peek of Who Do You Think You Are 'She couldn't beat me on her best day': Danielle Armstrong takes another swipe at ex James' new girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou... as their feud escalates Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her age defying figure in leggings and a cowboy hat as she steps out in Malibu  'The only thing we ran out of is time': Usher pays homage to his late stepson on his 16th birthday with tribute on Instagram Honoured late stepson  Damian Lewis swaps the hedge fund high life in TV hit Billions for low key West End play as he treads the boards in The Goat or Who is Sylvia? 'I know what you've done': Naomi Watts stars in intense trailer to new film The Book of Henry, which sees her transform from single mother to sniper Jennifer Lopez sued by hoverboard company that supplied 42 scooters for dancing in Las Vegas residency show Emotional Holly Willoughby breaks down in tears live on TV and is unable to move onto next segment as sepsis campaigner speaks of loss of her son Coronation treat! Soap star Tina O'Brien is joined by fiancé Adam Crofts and their two-year old son Beau as they step out for lunch Family day out She Shore makes an impression! Geordie newbie Chelsea Barber bares unsupported assets as pal yanks her top during star-studded night on the town PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Has Francesca Eastwood gone under the knife? Clint's daughter reveals VERY perky new figure in Malibu That photo is SO last century! Mandy Moore posts ultimate TBT pic with Justin Timberlake from 1999 Fresh faced  Katie Price slips into a colourful retro bikini as she continues family getaway... as she's slammed for sharing 'inappropriate' shot of daughter Princess, 9 Love/Hate, Actually: Susanna Reid REJECTED a role in the Love Actually sequel for Comic Relief because of GMB 'TV husband' Piers Morgan 'I was close to a breakdown': Linda Robson admits she was too 'ashamed' to tell anyone after racking up thousands in debt Spending habit Made In Chelsea's Tiffany Watson goes topless in a peachy shower snap from Mauritius holiday Paradise vacation She's not shellfish! Katie Salmon treats onlookers to an eyeful as tries on a range of racy beachwear while preparing for Miss Swimsuit UK Are iguanas that live off their own bones the cure for obesity? CHRISTOPER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Blake Lively wraps up in heavy coat and hoodie as she steps out with husband Ryan Reynolds... and his BFF Jake Gyllenhaal tags along too Special delivery! Khloe Kardashian indulges in decadent chocolate dipped strawberries sent by boyfriend Tristan Thompson Delicious treat 'I've given up on jewellery or clothes!' Justin Theroux reveals he recently bought wife Jennifer Aniston a Snuggie and 'amazing' flip flops  'I think about EVERYTHING I post on soicial media': Plus-size model Iskra Lawrence talks about the pressures of being a body-positive role model McLeaning up his act: WAG Nicola and her love rat husband Tom Williams look loved up at Disney On Ice with sons ahead of vow renewal Rebuilding relationship 'My finger's fatter than I thought': Dave Franco reveals why he isn't wearing his wedding band weeks after secretly tying the knot with Alison Brie   Jagger's girl climbs into pole position: Georgia May shows off her moves in snap posted on Instagram  Effortless exercise It's a ruff life! Lizzie Cundy turns heads as she dons a perilously plunging scarlet swimsuit to walk her pet pooch Casual daytime attire...  'It's just wrong!' Ricky Gervais slammed by grieving parents who stormed out of his live stand-up show after he cracked joke about 'dead baby' Scarlett's cyber sensation: Classy and beguiling, Scarlett Johansson is perfect as a cyborg created to crack crime  She's definitely Hot Right Now! Bikini-clad Rita Ora shows off her bronzed physique as she soaks up the sun in the Maldives Teasing fans on trip Having a wheelie good time! Len Wiseman's model girlfriend CJ Franco beams as she flashes tons of flesh while riding bike on grocery trip Katie Price puts on an eye-popping display in tiny bikini bottoms as she films herself having a steamy shower... while on a family holiday with her kids 'Coachella fittings!': Ashley Graham models off-the-shoulder gown from own collection as she prepares to attend popular music festival  Always stunning Wheelchair bound Eric Clapton, 71, looks frail as he holds hands with daughter at airport... after being forced to pull out of two gigs due to 'severe bronchitis' Let It Shine's winning five take centre stage alongside Take That in new trailer for The Band... after BBC hit back at claims the boys 'won't have main roles' Pregnant Bristol Palin shares photos of her one-year-old daughter Sailor enjoying the sunshine as the whole family jet off on a warm weather getaway Selfie queen Lauren Goodger leaves her car in disabled bay ahead of gym session... before coming over shy and wrapping herself in HUGE white sheet 'I'm gonna miss my turkey neck': Mama June goes under the knife for yet more surgery on From Not To Hot  U.S. reality resurgence  Kimberley Garner puts on a busty display while showcasing her killer abs in a barely-there pastel blue bikini... as she pursues Hollywood movie dreams Stephen Belafonte shares intimate 'threesome snap' with Mel B... amid claims the couple's 'open relationship' prompted their divorce Kate Wright shows off her enviable curves in sexy white crochet bikini following 'love interest' Rio Ferdinand's emotional documentary about late wife Lindsay Lohan flaunts her fabulous figure in a plunging purple swimsuit as she holidays in Thailand with friends  Happy and healthy She's a boho babe! Amber Heard goes hippie chic in black lace frock as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Free spirit style  Katie Holmes looks gorgeous in white as she joins co-star Matthew Perry to promote The Kennedys: After Camelot  Comedy duo Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn playfully stick out their tongues as they promote new movie Snatched Play mum and daughter 'The door is bent!': Marnie Simpson is accused of photoshopping her NAKED picture to promote raunchy new shoe range Making the sidewalk her runway! Bella Hadid shows off her impressively long legs in dark skinny jeans in New York City  Iggy Azalea looks demure in all-black as she jets out of LA after making music comeback with VERY racy video Kim Zolciak flaunts Rapunzel-style braid... ahead of her heated return to The Real Housewives of Atlanta Diane Kruger is casual in camo on stroll through in New York without her new man Norman Reedus Laid back look 'Prosecutors are still reviewing the case': Louis Tomlinson faces longer wait to learn if he'll be charged for airport brawl as hearing is pushed back Is that Oroton? Rose Byrne sports vintage handbag amid controversy over retailer's decision to dump her and hire 'younger influencers' Chaka Khan shows off dramatic weight loss as she jets out of LA just days after celebrating 64th birthday 'I wrote nice things about Cate Blanchett and now I'm a pervert!': Val Kilmer defends tweets after being labelled 'creepy' 'Most days, I laugh at my own symptoms': Michael J. Fox reveals how he finds humor in Parkinson's disease Candid new interview  Jeff Goldblum, 64, holds hands with wife Emilie Livingston, 34, after romantic lunch as they prepare to welcome second child 'It is necessary to abandon our humanity': Woody Harrelson and Andy Serkis square off in final dark trailer for War For The Planet Of The Apes  'I'm going to win it': Brad Pitt plays 'rock star' US General in Afghanistan in latest trailer for Netflix's War Machine  Mark Wahlberg reprises his role as the cool dad while shooting scenes in the snow with Will Ferrell and Mel Gibson for Daddy's Home 2 Busy Philipps looks sleek on set of new NBC sitcom after posting hilarious throwback snap of her crazy curls phase  Bright young thing! Rumer Willis dazzles in chic orange dress with tiny flowers for her media tour of New York Opted for a flowing dress with flowers 'I'm hurt you think I would put my baby at risk': Pregnant Amy Childs defends drinking 'fizz' as she proudly shows off her bump outside TV studios Hola, bombón! Charlotte Dawson shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging red swimsuit and killer heels as she tops up her tan in Spain 'It'll be less sexist!' Harvey Fierstein reveals how he's changing up NBC's Bye Bye Birdie Live! starring Jennifer Lopez 'I'm Bart Simpson, put her there, man!' Voice artist Nancy Cartwright blows an oblivious teen's mind as he tries to sell her cookies and she responds as Bart  Agent in action! Jaimie Alexander suits up as Jane Doe as she films scenes for Blindspot in New York Crime drama EXCLUSIVE - Bird of paradise: Bikini-clad Megyn Kelly puts on a colorful display while flashing some skin as she snorkels out to sea in Hawaii 49 and fab! As singer-turned-style star Celine Dion celebrates her birthday today, FEMAIL shines a spotlight on her young and modern fashions 'I'm not close with them': Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans will not invite fellow MTV cast members to her wedding... after teasing fall nuptials on Twitter Now Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa flexes HIS revenge body after ex Christina's bikini shots  Motivated to get fit after battling two cancers  Bumpy time: Whitney Port covers up in loose sweater after revealing she 'hates' being pregnant At an LA farmer's market RHOA's Kenya Moore gets restraining order against ex Matt Jordan after he hounds her with phone calls 'up to 30 times a day' Yes, there's more! Dakota Johnson jets into Miami ahead of release of unrated, uncut home video version of Fifty Shades Darker Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample bust and toned stomach in a skimpy mint green bikini as she joins stunning sister Lauryn in the Maldives Kate Hudson has a spring in her step on stylish outing in New York... just days after passionate kiss with new love Danny Fujikawa 'Sorry for any offence in advance': Russell Brand confirms return to live radio to host comedy show on Radio X... eight years after 'Sachsgate' Still got it! Harrison Ford, 74, reveals he still fits into Blade Runner costumes 35 years on Known for keeping in shape Goodies! Ciara and husband Russell Wilson throw elaborate 'all white' co-ed baby shower in Los Angeles Eagerly awaiting the arrival of their child She's a bikini babe! Serena Williams puts on a busty display as she flaunts her toned tummy in sexy snap In seriously good shape for her holiday How to clean your house like Kate Thornton: Presenter reveals tips to get your home spick and span including using a toothbrush to clean tiles  Grey's Anatomy star Chandra Wilson opens up about her daughter's real life medical mystery which took months to diagnose No little lies here! Reese Witherspoon smolders in Elizabeth Arden ad with slicked-back hair and flawless skin as she is named 'Storyteller-in-Chief' When on vacation! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik and friends flaunt their VERY pert derrières in skimpy bikinis  Bringing sexy back! Spice Up Your Drive! Victoria Beckham dusts off her vocal chords for a spin with James Corden in Carpool Karaoke Wannabe my driver? SPOILER ALERT: Sarah Hyland responds to fans on Twitter after shocking Modern Family twist Star set the record straight Catherine Zeta Jones looks chic in monochrome jumpsuit as she heads to the Today show to promote new television show Feud: Bette and Joan 'We should all be feminists': Jennifer Lawrence makes bold statement in slogan T-shirt as she poses for the Dior 2017 Fall Collection  'She's still the same selfless girl': Meghan Markle's best friend reveals why her relationship with Harry WON'T change the Suits star Mum on the run! Myleene Klass keeps it casual in a denim mini-dress and knee-high boots as she dashes to her radio show Boot-ylicious! She's got sunshine! Kyle Richards adds a pop of color with yellow handbag as she makes a dash for it after gym session Bright spark 'I had a knife held at me!' Peter Andre reveals social anxiety caused by his youth as 'an outcast'... and reveals TV chat helped him understand it Throwback Thursday! Britain's Next Top Model judge Abbey Clancy gives a nod to the past in seventies inspired denim flares Catwalk queen Rachel Zoe ditches her all-black signature style for pretty floral frock as she runs errands in West Hollywood Chose a bright ensemble for once Spencer Matthews plays the role of supporting beau in Dublin... as new flame Vogue Williams insists women 'need to see a few people at one time'  She got it from her mama! Tamara Ecclestone's daughter Sophia, 3, steals the show as she poses up a storm with smiley appearance in LA Topless Katie Price exposes painful scars from eighth boob job as she confidently parades 32GG chest on beach during idyllic family holiday to the Maldives Storms a brewin': First look at the CW's new superhero series Black Lightning starring Cress Williams New photo 'I think I've put my back out!': Susanna Reid flashes too much as she's DROPPED during Strictly lift... after admitting she's too busy for a boyfriend  'It changed my life!' Dawson Creek's James Van Der Beek reveals 'heartthrob status' on the cult show prepared him for stardom... but he never watched it back Robin Thicke and Paula Patton 'close to reaching formal agreement over custody of son Julian'... two years after finalising their divorce Victoria Secret Angel Romee Strijd flaunts her sensational body in a baby blue two-piece as she poses up a storm for photoshoot on Venice Beach Moving in with the brood? Angelina Jolie puts tense split with Brad Pitt behind her as she 'eyes up historic $25 million gated community mansion' Top Gear's 'tame racing driver' The Stig breaks a world record in a dodgem car by driving the restored 1960s model at over 100mph  SPOILER! Shock twist in Hollyoaks as Ste Hay is arrested for Amy Barnes' murder... as well as his boyfriend Harry Thompson Let slip secret on TV  Blac Chyna 'believes exes Tyga and Rob Kardashian have teamed up to spread lies about her'... after she branded rapper a 'b***h' in child support rant Michael Bublé and his wife Luisana are seen for the first time since it was revealed son Noah, 3, is 'progressing well' following treatment for liver cancer It must be her favourite! Queen Letizia of Spain recycles a vibrant red coat as she attends a prize-giving ceremony in Soria Charity work VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: Fearne Cotton and Holly Willoughby almost KISS as they play hilarious chip game on new Celebrity Juice Sight for sore fries The original ending for Disney's animated classic Frozen is revealed for the first time... and it doesn't turn out well for Elsa Not cool with fans Khloe Kardashian goes braless under jacket bearing her beau Tristan Thompson's basketball number... after ex claims she 'tolerated' his drug habit 'I couldn't believe it because I loved them': Mischa Barton reveals her 'emotionalblackmail' after discovering an intimate sex tape was on sale for $500,000 'I feel self-conscious holding her hand': Gregg Wallace, 52,  reveals embarrassment over 22-year age gap with fourth wife Anne-Marie, 30 Yee-phwoar! Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination in a barely-there top while Jesy Nelson straddles a bull as Little Mix's raciest video yet They don't give an Amster-DAM! James Lock holds hands with giggly girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou during filming after viewers branded her a 'bunny boiler' Shady lady! Bella Hadid wears sunglasses at night but forgets a BRA as she steps out in coordinated black and red belly-baring outfit Red-dy for her close up 'Such a good boy for mummy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet snap with son Caben-Albi as she brushes off drama with Jeremy McConnell   Braless Rita Ora shows off perky assets through sheer top as she just about protects her modesty with star pasties... before going for a dip in holiday snap Antony Costa treats himself to 3D liposuction in a bid to regain his body confidence after displaying a fuller figure  Slimmed down by six inches Pregnant Amal Clooney is the picture of elegance in red as she prepares to give war crime speech... after husband George gushed she is 'doing amazing' Retro chic! Cody Simpson cuts a casual figure in vintage blue bomber jacket and black pants as he heads for a night out in LA Headed out for a party 'He was always the a** wipe for Will Smith': Fresh Prince of Bel-Air's Janet Hubert jabs at cast reunion photo and calls Alfonso Ribeiro a 'media hoe'  George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz races to funeral after finding out about it at the last minute - but isn't allowed into the wake Friends and family only 'I didn't know if he was in the zone or if he genuinely didn't like me': Charlie Hunnam reflects on his frosty working relationship with co-star Robert Pattinson 'Talk about a flashback!': Catherine Tyldesley shows off her knickers as she performs a raunchy 'strip tease' on sketch show Scallywagga 'We haven't got time!' Ore Oduba says he and his wife Portia are too busy for babies... and reveals Strictly winners are NOT allowed to keep the glitterball trophy Spring in her step! Pixie Lott flaunts her trim waist in minuscule floral crop top and high-waisted jeans as she heads out in LA Good jeans Now that's hot Coco! Rapper Ice T's racy wife leaves little to the imagination in racy lingerie shoot shared on her Snapchat One way to get attention Chic Gemma Arterton looks elegant in colour-clashing fuchsia and scarlet ensemble at Their Finest screening in London Bright young thing Lovely in lace! Curvy model Ashley Graham looks sultry while posing in bras and panties for Canadian clothing chain Addition Elle Showed off curvy figure Khloe Kardashian puts on brave face and shows off figure in tight jeans after ex Lamar Odom claims she knew about his cocaine use and cheating Squad goals! Kourtney Kardashian and son Mason wear matching bomber jackets with Larsa Pippen and crew of friends for Korean barbecue in LA Liberty Ross flashes a hint of side boob in an embellished sheer dress at the NYC premiere of Ghost In The Shell with her two cute children Lily Collins looks stylish in a striped crop top and flares as she heads to the movies with a handsome male friend Looked lovely 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri wears tummy-skimming leather mini dress and knee-high boots to party following a series of cryptic social media posts  Look away now, Channing! Jenna Dewan Tatum writhes around in sexy underwear after indulging in a pillow fight with her pals during girls' night in EXCLUSIVE - 'If it wasn't for Ed I'd still be sleeping on the beach': Liberian street boy saved by pop star reveals he was abused, beaten and robbed 'Poking fun of myself': Victoria Beckham reveals her fun side and smiles while on The Late Late Show So she really does smile!  Blac Chyna flaunts impressive weight loss in corset and sheer skirt combination... amid accusing Tyga of not paying child support Slimmer than ever Vroom! Tyga and Scott Disick go on a shopping spree at LA Barneys location in luxury cars...after ex Blac Chyna accused him of not paying child support 'Can't wait to see you!' Katy Perry takes to social media to confirm her Glastonbury debut this year... as full line-up is FINALLY announced after speculation 'I don't know what makes you happy but it's not me': Megan McKenna left in tears as she and Pete Wicks FINALLY break up on TOWIE Elegant in emerald: Jessica Chastain dazzles in a chic green pencil dress with bow detail as she heads out for dinner Emerald pretty! French goddess! Juliette Binoche, 53, is sensational in black gown slashed to waist at Ghost In The Shell premiere Show stealing gown EastEnders is not so Dyer without Danny: Producers baffled as 'TV show ratings are boosted after the badboy actor's shock departure' Life's a beach! Ireland Baldwin kicks off bikini season as she flashes toned physique during surfside photo shoot  Showed off toned physique Buckle up! Racy Perrie Edwards gets soaked in booze as Little Mix tease titillating Coyote Ugly-inspired music video for No More Sad Songs Skimpiest ensembles yet Monokini-clad US TV star Brooke Burke-Charvet gets wet and wild in daring swimsuit as she hits the beach with her family in St. Barts Top dad! Doting Sir Rod Stewart, 72, and adorable youngest son Aiden, 6, wear matching Celtic jerseys as they enjoy bonding day in Bel Air One sweet stay! Look inside the $25 million mansion Mariah Carey rented for her birthday getaway to Cabo with Bryan Tanaka Pad fit for a pop queen Little Mix's Jesy Nelson steals the spotlight in skimpy pants and sexy fishnet tights ahead of The Late Late Show appearance in LA 'He'll be a mess, but Amal will take care of everything': Matt Damon predicts what kind of dad George Clooney will shape up to be  Mocked his pal All the colours of the rainbow! Scarlett Johansson stuns in glittery gown with plunging neckline at Ghost In The Shell premiere in NYC Hollywood's first female studio boss on Angelina Jolie's daily drug tests, defending Mel Gibson and supporting Tom Cruise and Scientology He's not worried! Justin Bieber struts around Brazil while showing off new tattoos and washboard abs... despite possibility of arrest IT is back... and will leave you screaming: Pennywise is more terrifying than ever in spine-chilling first trailer for Stephen King's IT The fun has just begun... What a stud (jacket)! Jared Leto looks edgy in bespangled blue sky motif denim coat at Blade Runner 2049 CinemaCon event One cool dude TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou sizzles in plunging bralet as she puts on defiant display with beau James Lock... after viewers brand her a 'bunny boiler' Cold Feet cast celebrate saga's 20th anniversary with charming portrait as they plan SECOND reunion series Hello stranger! Hilary Duff hugs handsome mystery man as she visits trendy hotel bar in New York Back on the market following her divorce Quick change artist! Sofia Richie, 18, heads for lunch in leggings and denim vest... after arriving back in LA from NYC wearing sweatpants and Yeezys Cop a load of this! Chloe Lattanzi shows off her curves and trim pins in busty Killer Barbie costume as she denies row with mum Olivia Newton-John Going strong! Kesha flashes peace sign while catching flight with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter at LAX Pretty in pink Wednesday What happened to your gorgeous locks? Handsome Chris Pine reveals shaved head at Las Vegas movie convention W-hair has it gone? Bombshell in black! Rooney Mara slips into cleavage-baring cocktail dress for The Discovery premiere in LA Looked like a knockout at the bash She means business! Mel B heads to see her divorce lawyer in fierce thigh-high boots as she begins to set her split from Stephen Belafonte in stone Gothic glam! Gigi Hadid embraces her dark side with edgy oxblood lips and matching boots Rocked a stylish but edgy look MIC's Tiffany Watson and sister Lucy leave their boyfriends at home for girls' night out... following on-screen drama with Sam Thompson Made In Chelsea's Stephanie Pratt going for gold with Team GB rugby player Ollie Lindsay-Hague as new couple make first public appearance Fashionable friends! Minka Kelly and Mandy Moore enjoy a girls' night out at feminist function Brunette beauties rocked the event White hot! Actress Maria Menounos stuns in a dramatic jumpsuit as she poses up a storm at CinemaCon The 38-year-old wowed in white at the event Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
About US Contact US Client Login Registration Thursday March 30th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Communications & rocket science: the daily workings of Lt. Col. Michael Carden By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  March 31, 2017  /  Comments Off on Communications & rocket science: the daily workings of Lt. Col. Michael Carden       Print       Email MIL OSI USA – Source: US State of Wyoming Headline: Communications & rocket science: the daily workings of Lt. Col. Michael Carden Lt. Col. Michael Carden knew early in life that he wanted to join some branch of the military. Inspired by his uncle, a former Marine and telecommunications specialist; Carden, as early as 10, had already developed a love for electronics and programming computer games. Carden, who now lives in the tiny town of Chugwater, Wyoming, entered the active duty Air Force in 1988, and was initially assigned to Anderson Air Force Base, in Guam, where he worked hand-in-hand with the Navy, tracking weather satellites. In 1992, he joined the Guam National Guard and was just getting his feet wet in the job when Typhoon Omar hit, followed by a magnitude 7.8 earthquake. Carden, who was a senior airman at the time, found himself establishing a radio link after all other communications were knocked out. “The earthquake was massive with the power poles swaying all over the place. I walked up and stood on a hill on Anderson Air Force Base with my brick radio, and I called in to the Emergency Operations Center to let them know the Air National Guard was OK and ready to support. It was funny because I was one of the first people to call into the emergency operations center.  To have a guard guy be one of the first to call in was satisfying.” After a brief time with the Guam Guard, Carden’s expeditions led him to Eastern Europe where he did volunteer work and taught English, before deciding to attend Iowa State University, bringing him back to his childhood roots. He earned his bachelor’s degree in manufacturing engineering. “If you’ve ever seen the show ‘How It’s Made,’ my education was sort of like that. I was trained to build machines, that assembled other machines,” he said. While working on his graduate degree he rejoined the military via the Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps at Iowa State. He also patented a process for making hydrogen peroxide that would be used as an environmentally friendly rocket propellant. At 34, re-blued by the Air Force and armed with a patent in his back pocket, Carden went to work at Los Angeles Air Force Base, as an engineer, where he helped design TacSat-3, a satellite which eventually orbited the Earth for 2 1/2 years. In 2008 he received a call from an unfamiliar man in Chugwater, Wyoming, who invited him to visit the tiny town 30 miles from the nearest gas station. “I was contacted by Tim Bendel, who owns Frontier Astronautics and he said he had heard of my past work with rocket propellants and invited me to come to Chugwater and take a look at his rocket engine test facility, which is a refurbished Atlas E Silo underground,” Carden said. He obliged, visited the underground facility, and loved it. He leased the 2,000- square-foot liquid oxygen bay, and in 2008 started working for X-L Space Systems, making specialty chemicals used for the aerospace industry. Bendel, who started Frontier Astronautics 11 years ago, said Carden was an obvious good fit for his business. “It’s a perfect synergy. We test rocket engines here and Michael makes rocket propellant, so it makes sense. We now have the propellant on site and no longer have to ship it in. We tell Michael what we need, and he makes it for us,” said Bendel. Carden’s job is like cooking special orders in a very sophisticated kitchen; he refines food grade hydrogen peroxide into military specification fuel before sending it to a contractor, such as Boeing, for burning and analysis in rocket engines. After six years of commuting to Washington to fulfill his Washington Air National Guard duties, Carden joined the Wyoming Air National Guard, making the traditional one weekend a month commute easier. He serves as the director of communications with the joint staff, Wyoming Air National Guard, in Cheyenne, setting up communication systems in austere, rural or emergency situations. Carden has also started an Internet archival business. The system he builds provides a cache of webpages and resources needed for disaster preparedness and emergency operations activities. Much like his military job, it allows him to set up communications when there is little-to-no technology or Internet connection available and provide a very specialized and important service to military and civilian emergency responders. “It’s like having your own stand-alone Google,” Carden said. “Sometimes emergency response teams set up in places where there is no Internet.” Brig. Gen. Greg Porter, director of the Wyoming National Guard’s joint staff, is pleased to have Carden on his team. “Having Lt. Col. Carden as director of communications for the joint staff has been extremely beneficial for us. He has a unique and exceptional background that makes him an outstanding asset when we deploy for our state missions. There are no problems too big for Lt. Col. Carden,” Porter said. “I couldn’t be happier with where I’m at,” said Carden. “Working with the Army and Air personnel in the Wyoming National Guard to improve military communications, while also working on technology and communications in the civilian sector.”            Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on March 31, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: March 31, 2017 @ 6:34 am Filed Under: 24/7 OSI, Americas, Defence, Defense, Economics, Energy, English, Environment, Intelligence, Internet Communications Technology, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Security, United States Government, United States of America, US State Governments, US State of Wyoming NEXT ARTICLE → Attorney General Kilmartin Announces Settlement of State Environmental Claims with Volkswagen for Emissions Fraud ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Compendium of IES-funded Education Technology Projects About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Connecting Roads and Bridges, Connecting Opportunities Smithsonian and U.S. Department of State Partner on Emergency Cultural Heritage Work in Iraq Compendium of IES-funded Education Technology Projects Communications & rocket science: the daily workings of Lt. Col. Michael Carden Attorney General Kilmartin Announces Settlement of State Environmental Claims with Volkswagen for Emissions Fraud © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Diplomacy & Defence Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading From Austin oil to Seattle aviation, China’s ties with US run regional and deep  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post News›China›Diplomacy & Defence Trump-Xi Jinping summit Trump-Xi Jinping summit Home The players The issues The logistics The background The business Analysis and opinion From Austin oil to Seattle aviation, China’s ties with US run regional and deep US President Donald Trump says Beijing has too tight a grip on the American economy, but city and state leaders across the nation want an even closer relationship PUBLISHED : Friday, 31 March, 2017, 12:02am UPDATED : Friday, 31 March, 2017, 12:02am Comments:   Bloomberg Share PrintEmail Related topics Trump-Xi Jinping summit Trump-Xi Jinping summit: Business and trade Related Articles Diplomacy & Defence Ivanka –Trump’s China charmer-in-chief 30 Mar 2017 Diplomacy & Defence Foreign ministry confirms dates, site of Xi-Trump summit 30 Mar 2017 Diplomacy & Defence US, Japan courting Taiwan ahead of Trump-Xi summit 29 Mar 2017 If US President Donald Trump gets confrontational with Chinese President Xi Jinping over trade at their Mar-a-Lago summit in Florida in April, the Chinese leader will have potential allies in some surprising places – namely, Austin, Sacramento and Olympia. The economic ties that bind China to the United States are primarily regional and run deep. Now, with a wild card in the White House, the Chinese want even more leverage should bilateral trade relations get hammered. China’s Ministry of Commerce says it’s working to expand various investment agreements with California, Texas, Iowa and other states, deals it estimates were worth US$2.5 billion to American and Chinese businesses last year alone. What to expect from Xi-Trump summit Sun Jiwen, a spokesman for the ministry, used an old Chinese saying to describe the trade situation: “A good relationship between two nations is based on close connection between their peoples,” Sun said. “Province-state and intercity economic partnerships provide an important foundation for China-US economic ties.” While the outreach is a continuation of regional ties promoted for several years by Xi, it’s taken on added urgency as Trump’s economic team weighs whether to follow through on campaign-trail promises of tariffs of as much as 45 per cent on Chinese goods. Part of the thinking is that making more American friends outside Washington could slow the push for protectionist measures, according to a person involved in the ministry’s campaign, who asked not to be identified discussing its internal deliberations. If such cooperation flourishes, “it will not be easy for anyone to shake,” says He Weiwen, a former ministry official who’s now deputy director of the Beijing-based Centre for China and Globalisation. Attention has focused on the massive trade deficit in trade of goods with China – US$347 billion last year, almost half of the US total. But China, with its 1.37 billion people, is also among the top three export markets for 33 states.  Texas oil and gas producers, Michigan carmakers and Georgia paper mills would all suffer if China were to impose import restrictions in response to American tariffs. China has also ramped up its investments in the US, by one estimate, they tripled last year to US$45.6 billion – which helps create the jobs Trump has promised. Ahead of Xi-Trump summit, what China should do to get ties with the US on an even keel US-China trade ties aren’t solely between Beijing and the White House. They’re forged in places like Moraine, Ohio, where American workers are employed by Fuyao Glass, a Chinese-owned company that bought part of a shuttered General Motors plant in 2014. Many of China’s cross-border investments are welcomed locally and aren’t the kind of deals that draw scrutiny from the US government, which reviews foreign purchases for national security concerns. In Lancaster, California, a desert town north of Los Angeles hit hard by the financial crisis, the Republican mayor, R. Rex Parris, in 2008 began courting the Chinese electric vehicle maker BYD Company, which is part-owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway. “Saved our city,” he says of BYD’s electric bus plant in Lancaster. BYD now employs almost 500 people there and anticipates tripling that within three years. “I’m telling people, ‘you’re going to have to not want a job to not have one,’” says Parris, who expects the local unemployment rate to drop to 2 per cent. The Ministry of Commerce began formalising the provincial-state ties in 2012, when Xi visited the US and talked with governors including Iowa’s Terry Branstad, an old friend from a 1980s cultural exchange, about boosting trade opportunities.  California, Texas, Iowa, Michigan, New York, the state of Washington and the city of Chicago have since signed agreements with the ministry, calling for regular trade visits, business matchmaking and other exchanges. The deals cover 25 Chinese provinces and cities, which sent 22 delegations to the US last year while the US organised 14 trips to China, according to the ministry. Officials and executives from Shanghai made two visits last year to Chicago, which helped convince the popcorn maker Garrett Popcorn to choose the city for its first store in mainland China, according to a statement from Shanghai’s commerce commission.  Trump needs his best sales skills for summit with Xi Jinping In the manufacturing hub of Guangdong, officials plan a slate of cooperative activities this year, among them setting up a regional trade office in Los Angeles, hosting a biotech delegation from Massachusetts and sending representatives to an “Invest in America” summit sponsored by the US Chamber of Commerce, the Guangdong Commerce Department said in a written statement. Bob Honts, the owner of Texas Lone Star Enterprises in Austin, Texas, accompanied Texas Governor Rick Perry on a trade mission to China in 2014. Honts, whose company raises investment money under the EB-5 visa programme, says Chinese immigrants have put US$200 million into real estate, oil exploration and other ventures in the state. As Trump and Xi prepare to meet, an opportunity for a Sino-US grand deal presents itself “To ignore the Chinese is like you’ve got this race car and you’re using three cylinders out of eight,” says Honts, a Republican. “You can’t do that. We need to work with China.” Trump hasn’t resolved tension in his administration between hardline advisers like Stephen Bannon, who has called for “economic nationalism”, and such moderate voices as Branstad, who’s now slated to become Trump’s ambassador to China. Few companies have more to lose from a trade war than Boeing, which makes most of its commercial jetliners in Washington state and has collected US$60.2 billion from deliveries to China since 2000, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. That far outweighs the US$800 million to US$1 billion that Boeing spends a year on aircraft parts made in China, joint ventures and other operations.  At Boeing Field in Seattle, many of the 737s lined up for testing are Chinese domestic carriers. But if would-be Chinese buyers get caught in the middle of a trade war, “they will simply buy Airbus”, says Gary Locke, a former governor of the state who was also ambassador to China under former president Barack Obama. The state’s director of commerce, Brian Bonlender, is in China this week in preparation for a visit from provincial officials that had been planned for June but now has been pushed back to September and a planned trade mission led by Washington Governor Jay Inslee in August. Bonlender says his counterparts at the ministry in China have been more “engaged” and “helpful” since Trump’s election – and seem especially focused on finding Chinese businesses with advanced ideas for investment projects and bringing them to the state’s attention. “We’re very encouraged” by the increased outreach, Bonlender says, adding that it’s likely due in part to the “changing tenor of international engagement” under Trump.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Why are Chinese moving to Malaysia by the thousands? 2 Escalator going ‘twice as fast’: witnesses relive mall accident that injured 18 3 Tillerson warns of US military strike on North Korea 4 US diplomat charged with lying over contact with Chinese agents 5 Lam wins chief executive election with 777 votes Shared 1 US diplomat charged with lying over contact with Chinese agents 2 Why are Chinese moving to Malaysia by the thousands? 3 Escalator going ‘twice as fast’: witnesses relive mall accident that injured 18 4 Tillerson warns of US military strike on North Korea 5 America’s hidden role in Chinese weapons research Commented 1 US diplomat charged with lying over contact with Chinese agents 2 China’s Xinjiang passes law to curb ‘religious extremism’ 3 Buyers rush to apply for 2,057 flats at 30 per cent discount 4 Singapore blogger Amos Yee still detained by US 5 Education chief insists contentious competence test should go ahead       You may also like Society The Indonesian child maids of Hong Kong, Singapore 26 Mar 2017 - 12:36am 12 Smart showers, magic mirrors and fun loos keep you connected at all times In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Opinion Why a Beijing-Taipei conflict would be lose-lose on all levels 25 Mar 2017 - 6:34pm 34 The very best in British Early Childhood Education Sponsored by Mount Kelly International School Politics John Tsang: popular with the people, not with the voters 29 Mar 2017 - 12:15am 25 Politics How Hong Kong’s Carrie Lam went from protester to leader in waiting 25 Mar 2017 - 2:34pm 11 Hong Kong Escalator going ‘twice as fast’: witnesses relive mall accident that injured 18 26 Mar 2017 - 7:21pm 28 News Teenage Singaporean blogger Amos Yee granted asylum in U.S. 25 Mar 2017 - 11:29pm 127 World Chinese elders’ Canada immigration bids bog down in Hong Kong 23 Mar 2017 - 12:58pm 27 China Chinese soccer fans flock to the streets after surprise win over South Korea 24 Mar 2017 - 8:41am 22 China 300 flights axed as Beijing airport shuts runway for repairs 23 Mar 2017 - 11:40pm China Hong Kong hopes for boom from AIIB club 24 Mar 2017 - 12:00am 11 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Space blanket floats away during historic spacewalk News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site World Space blanket floats away during historic spacewalk A space blanket floated away from American astronaut Peggy Whitson on Thursday as she made a historic spacewalk outside the International Space Station, setting a new record for the most spacewalks by a woman. Posted 31 Mar 2017 01:16 US astronaut Peggy Whitson was making her eighth career spacewalk outside the International Space Station. (AFP/Handout) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A MIAMI: A space blanket floated away from American astronaut Peggy Whitson on Thursday (Mar 30) as she made a historic spacewalk outside the International Space Station, setting a new record for the most spacewalks by a woman. The crew was not in danger due to the mishap, which occurred when Whitson was trying to fold up a bulky cloth cover, known as an axial shield, and put it in a bag. The mishap briefly raised concern at mission control in Houston that the shield might come back and hit the orbiting laboratory. About four hours into the spacewalk, however, NASA determined that the gear had drifted a safe distance away and there was "no recontact risk," said NASA commentator Gary Jordan. Images on NASA television showed the shield as a small white dot in the darkness. The space blanket was designed to guard the station from micrometeoroids, and also for thermal protection. To make up for the loss, the pair retrofitted an existing cover outside the space station to go in its place. HISTORIC OUTING The spacewalk formally began at 7.29am (7.29pm Singapore time) when Whitson and her NASA colleague Shane Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. "Be safe and enjoy your time out," said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened and Whitson made her way out in the dark, her path illuminated by a light on her helmet. "I will be waiting for you." Whitson, 57, is making her eighth career spacewalk, surpassing the record of seven previously held by American Suni Williams. During the walkabout, Whitson also beat Williams' time spent spacewalking. Williams' record was 50 hours 40 minutes. "This is a significant milestone," said Jordan, as Whitson made it to 50 hours and 41 minutes, becoming the world's most experienced female spacewalker. "Congratulations to Peggy Whitson." The goal of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk was to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year. SPACE EXPERIENCE Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. She is a native of Iowa and is known for her quick wit, sense of humour and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. Earlier this month, she said in an interview on NASA television that she has spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in microgravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and growing seedlings called Arabidopsis to study how plants grow in orbit. Now on her third long-duration spaceflight, Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. She arrived at the space station in November, after previously serving on two six month missions at the orbiting outpost in 2002 and 2008. On Apr 24, she will break another record - this time for the most cumulative days in space by an American - when she passes 534 in orbit, longer than current title holder Jeff Williams. Active on her Twitter account, @AstroPeggy, Whitson often writes about how research at the space station relates to everyday life, and how she travels the world as part of her astronaut training. "I travelled to Russia eight times in the last 1.5 year training flow, two times to Japan and one time to Cologne," she wrote in a recent blog post. Next week, she and Pesquet, 39, will perform another spacewalk to continue the space station upgrades and maintenance needed for future spaceships. For part of the outing, Pesquet is scheduled to ride the robotic arm from part of the football field-sized lab to another. "We call that officially the yee-haw ride," Whitson told NASA television last week. Whitson is married to fellow NASA biochemist Clarence Sams. According to her NASA bio, her hobbies include weightlifting, biking, basketball and water skiing. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Space blanket floats away during historic spacewalk Listen | Print By Kerry SHERIDAN (AFP)     13 hours ago in World A space blanket floated away from American astronaut Peggy Whitson on Thursday as she made a historic spacewalk outside the International Space Station, setting a new record for the most spacewalks by a woman. The crew was not in danger due to the mishap, which occurred when Whitson was trying to fold up a bulky cloth cover, known as an axial shield, and put it in a bag. The incident briefly raised concern at mission control in Houston that the shield might come back and hit the orbiting laboratory. About four hours into the spacewalk, however, NASA determined that the gear had drifted a safe distance away and there was "no recontact risk," said NASA commentator Gary Jordan. Images on NASA television showed the shield as a small white dot in the darkness. A statement on NASA's website said the shield "was inadvertently lost" and "posed no immediate danger to the astronauts." The space blanket was one of four covers designed to guard the station from micrometeoroids, and also for thermal protection. To make up for the loss, Whitson and her colleague Shane Kimbrough retrofitted an existing cover outside the space station to serve in its place. - Historic outing - The spacewalk formally began at 7:29 am (1129 GMT) when Whitson and Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. "Be safe and enjoy your time out," said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened and Whitson made her way out in the dark, her path illuminated by a light on her helmet. Peggy Whitson and NASA colleague Shane Kimbrough ventured outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space at 7:29 am (1129 GMT) Handout, NASA TV/AFP "I will be waiting for you." For Whitson, 57, the seven-hour, four-minute spacewalk was the eighth of her career, surpassing the record of seven previously held by US astronaut Sunita Williams. During the walkabout, Whitson also beat Williams's time spent spacewalking. Williams's record was 50 hours 40 minutes. Whitson's total time is now 53 hours and 25 minutes. "This is a significant milestone," said Jordan, as Whitson became the world's most experienced female spacewalker. "Congratulations to Peggy Whitson." The goal of the spacewalk was to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year. - Space experience - Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. She is a native of Iowa and is known for her quick wit, sense of humor and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. Earlier this month, she said in an interview on NASA television that she has spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in microgravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and is growing seedlings called Arabidopsis to study how plants grow in orbit. Now on her third long-duration spaceflight, Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. She arrived at the space station in November, after previously serving on two six-month missions at the orbiting outpost in 2002 and 2008. On April 24, she will break another record -- this time for the most cumulative days in space by an American -- when she passes 534 in orbit, longer than current title holder Jeff Williams. Active on her Twitter account, @AstroPeggy, Whitson often writes about how research at the space station relates to everyday life, and how she travels the world as part of her astronaut training. "I traveled to Russia eight times in the last 1.5 year training flow, two times to Japan and one time to Cologne," she wrote in a recent blog post. Next week, she and Pesquet, 39, will perform another spacewalk to continue the space station upgrades and maintenance needed for future spaceships. For part of the outing, Pesquet is scheduled to ride the robotic arm from part of the football field-sized lab to another. "We call that officially the yee-haw ride," Whitson told NASA television last week. Whitson is married to fellow NASA biochemist Clarence Sams. According to her NASA bio, her hobbies include weightlifting, biking, basketball and water skiing. More about US, Space, Iss, NASA More news from US Space Iss NASA Latest News Top News Keith Collins to star in psychological thriller 'The Evangelist' Philippines' Duterte threatens press over critical coverage Op-Ed: Samsung DeX and Microsoft Continuum: Mobile productivity compared VPN usage is soaring, but alone they won't keep your privacy safe US warns China it is losing patience over North Korea Oil exports halted from two western Libya oil ports Trump predicts 'very difficult' China summit New cybersecurity warning about desktop scanners Serbia's Vucic bids to strengthen power in presidential vote Heiltsuk village site on BC's Triquet Island is 14,000 years old Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Space blanket floats away during historic spacewalk By Afp Published: 13:03 EDT, 30 March 2017 | Updated: 15:58 EDT, 30 March 2017 e-mail US astronaut Peggy Whitson was making her eighth career spacewalk outside the International Space Station A space blanket floated away from American astronaut Peggy Whitson on Thursday as she made a historic spacewalk outside the International Space Station, setting a new record for the most spacewalks by a woman. The crew was not in danger due to the mishap, which occurred when Whitson was trying to fold up a bulky cloth cover, known as an axial shield, and put it in a bag. The incident briefly raised concern at mission control in Houston that the shield might come back and hit the orbiting laboratory. About four hours into the spacewalk, however, NASA determined that the gear had drifted a safe distance away and there was "no recontact risk," said NASA commentator Gary Jordan. Images on NASA television showed the shield as a small white dot in the darkness. A statement on NASA's website said the shield "was inadvertently lost" and "posed no immediate danger to the astronauts." The space blanket was one of four covers designed to guard the station from micrometeoroids, and also for thermal protection. To make up for the loss, Whitson and her colleague Shane Kimbrough retrofitted an existing cover outside the space station to serve in its place. - Historic outing - The spacewalk formally began at 7:29 am (1129 GMT) when Whitson and Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. "Be safe and enjoy your time out," said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened and Whitson made her way out in the dark, her path illuminated by a light on her helmet. Peggy Whitson and NASA colleague Shane Kimbrough ventured outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space at 7:29 am (1129 GMT) "I will be waiting for you." For Whitson, 57, the seven-hour, four-minute spacewalk was the eighth of her career, surpassing the record of seven previously held by US astronaut Sunita Williams. During the walkabout, Whitson also beat Williams's time spent spacewalking. Williams's record was 50 hours 40 minutes. Whitson's total time is now 53 hours and 25 minutes. "This is a significant milestone," said Jordan, as Whitson became the world's most experienced female spacewalker. "Congratulations to Peggy Whitson." The goal of the spacewalk was to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year. - Space experience - Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. She is a native of Iowa and is known for her quick wit, sense of humor and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. Earlier this month, she said in an interview on NASA television that she has spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in microgravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and is growing seedlings called Arabidopsis to study how plants grow in orbit. Now on her third long-duration spaceflight, Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. She arrived at the space station in November, after previously serving on two six-month missions at the orbiting outpost in 2002 and 2008. On April 24, she will break another record -- this time for the most cumulative days in space by an American -- when she passes 534 in orbit, longer than current title holder Jeff Williams. Active on her Twitter account, @AstroPeggy, Whitson often writes about how research at the space station relates to everyday life, and how she travels the world as part of her astronaut training. "I traveled to Russia eight times in the last 1.5 year training flow, two times to Japan and one time to Cologne," she wrote in a recent blog post. Next week, she and Pesquet, 39, will perform another spacewalk to continue the space station upgrades and maintenance needed for future spaceships. For part of the outing, Pesquet is scheduled to ride the robotic arm from part of the football field-sized lab to another. "We call that officially the yee-haw ride," Whitson told NASA television last week. Whitson is married to fellow NASA biochemist Clarence Sams. According to her NASA bio, her hobbies include weightlifting, biking, basketball and water skiing. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Thomas Cohen recalls the harrowing moment he found late wife Peaches Geldof's body... as he laments sons being alive more years than they knew her  Proportion parade! Kim Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans EXCLUSIVE: Gaunt Brad Pitt looks a shadow of his former self in shock new pictures as split from Angelina Jolie takes a toll Is Lauren masking a bump? Shy Goodger 'confirms pregnancy' in deleted tweet after hiding under a sheet... despite denying she's been intimate with Joey All that glitters! Khloe Kardashian shows off her INCREDIBLE figure in a sparkly sheer one-piece during sexy photoshoot Stunning She's cracked it! Mum blogger Clemmie Telford taste tests M&S Easter eggs and picks the PERFECT chocolate treat for everyone in her life SPONSORED This Morning's Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield accused of being 'condescending' towards ex Dawson Creek star James Van Der Beek Mel B is left 'livid' at Victoria Beckham's Carpool Karaoke... as she 'accuses former bandmate of using Spice Girls' music to boost profile' Cheeky girl! Shanina Shaik shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she frolics on the beach at WAGS star Nicole Williams' bachelorette party 'I still feel very warm towards her': Russell Brand on how fame wrecked his marriage to Katy Perry, his 'giddy love' for daughter Mabel and love for her mother Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley glows as she displays her blossoming bump in figure-hugging frilled pink dress at Seoul Fashion Week Could Katie Price be in hot water over topless sunbathing? Glamour model 'bends strict Maldivian nudity law' to tan her 32GG chest Flouted the rules Her favorite Legend! Chrissy Teigen shows off cute daughter Luna as she goes on Hollywood shopping spree Just Ordinary People 'Shame on you': John Legend defends Kim Kardashian after nasty dig on Twitter about her plans to have more children  Lashed out  'The little dancing feet have arrived': Strictly's Anton Du Beke, 50, welcomes twins with girlfriend Hannah Summers, 41 Happy news 'We were a mess': Lauren Pope reveals TOWIE scenes were often cut because she and ex co-star Lauren Goodger went to filming DRUNK after nights out . 'Here we go again!' Westlife's Kian Egan and wife Jodi Albert announce they're expecting their third child Growing brood Bronze ambition! Ferne McCann shows off her stunning figure in a metallic bikini as she posts yet another sizzling snap from her Maldives holiday Jeremy McConnell shares heartwarming family portrait with ex Stephanie Davis and their son Caben-Albi... amid turbulent 'assault' row  Imogen Thomas shows off her sensational curves in brightly coloured one-piece as she exhibits her very best gymnastics moves on Miami beach 'The wheels are falling off a bit!' Mel C, 43, reveals she's feeling the physical effects of ageing... after years of embracing ultra fit Sporty Spice image Red hot! Kelly Bensimon flaunts her ample assets in plunging swimsuit as she takes a dip on vacation in Florida Winter and war comes to Westeros in dark and brooding teaser with Kit Harington, Emilia Clarke and Lena Headey for Game Of Thrones' seventh season  Alesha Dixon looks summery in a vest top as she joins long term boyfriend at star-studded Thorpe Park launch A wild ride Abs-olutely ripped! Lily Collins shows off impressively toned torso in black sports bra and sheer leggings while on coffee run in LA Svelte physique She's eclectic! Claudia Winkleman looks typically striking in camouflage jacket and jeans as she steps out at National Geographic's Genius premiere Babymoon bliss! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad shares peek of her baby bump while enjoying beach break before birth  One last relaxing trip Former Made In Chelsea star Nicola Hughes slips into a sweet floral shirt dress for Benefit beauty preview party Ripe for a joke! Giggly Victoria Beckham lets her guard down on James Corden's Late Show as she gets fruit thrown at her in a game of Flinch Marnie Simpson hides her curves under a coat dress cover up... hours after fans accuse her of altering raunchy naked shot Unusually demure  What a babe! Olivia Wilde swaps her graphic T-shirt for a purple unicorn top as she heads to Life Itself set Busy filming the new movie Lucy Mecklenburgh stands out from the crowd in a fluffy jacket and sky-high heels as she is reunited with ex-TOWIE co-star Lydia Bright Mila Kunis reveals she's content with her 'perfect' family with Ashton Kutcher and has no plans for more kids Parents to a son and daughter Pretty in patterns! Jasmine Tookes turns heads as she shows off impressive abs in crocheted crop top after lunch in LA Always in style Birthday girl Ashley James flaunts her fantastic figure in a busty glittering crop top as she celebrates her 30th with star-studded bash 'I fancied her so much': Jack Whitehall reveals he 'found it hard to control' his schoolboy crush on Eva Longoria at Decline And Fall filming Tamara Ecclestone looks busty in a black maxi sundress as she gets back into LA life with daughter Sophia Every inch the Hollywood mum 'I'm going to try to have one more baby': Kim Kardashian reveals last-ditch plan to have surgery on uterus despite doctor's warnings Squad goals! Kourtney Kardashian cuts a stylish display in striped duster as she steps out with Larsa Pippen Seems closer to Kim's BFF than ever Ready for war! Blac Chyna heads to court in camouflage after Tyga 'threatens lawsuit' over her claims he has not been paying child support Catherine Zeta-Jones exudes old Hollywood glamour in chic brown trousers, shirt and blazer as she steps out in NYC after promoting new TV drama Pippa signs up Posh and Becks' PR mastermind for advice in the run-up to her wedding to hedge fund millionaire  Used to posh clients Wonder in white! Halle Berry goes braless under thin lacy poncho as she shares VERY sexy snap on Instagram Wowed fans  Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley cuddles up to cute son Alfie as she joins co-star Kym Marsh at LEGOLAND discovery launch Cara Delevingne looks white hot in gold studded trousers as she promotes her new sci-fi film.. after revealing she will SHAVE her head for next movie role 'That changes everything': Jessica Biel makes a surprising discovery about her ancestor in sneak peek of Who Do You Think You Are 'She couldn't beat me on her best day': Danielle Armstrong takes another swipe at ex James' new girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou... as their feud escalates Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her age defying figure in leggings and a cowboy hat as she steps out in Malibu  'The only thing we ran out of is time': Usher pays homage to his late stepson on his 16th birthday with tribute on Instagram Honoured late stepson  Damian Lewis swaps the hedge fund high life in TV hit Billions for low key West End play as he treads the boards in The Goat or Who is Sylvia? 'I know what you've done': Naomi Watts stars in intense trailer to new film The Book of Henry, which sees her transform from single mother to sniper Jennifer Lopez sued by hoverboard company that supplied 42 scooters for dancing in Las Vegas residency show Emotional Holly Willoughby breaks down in tears live on TV and is unable to move onto next segment as sepsis campaigner speaks of loss of her son Coronation treat! Soap star Tina O'Brien is joined by fiancé Adam Crofts and their two-year old son Beau as they step out for lunch Family day out She Shore makes an impression! Geordie newbie Chelsea Barber bares unsupported assets as pal yanks her top during star-studded night on the town PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Has Francesca Eastwood gone under the knife? Clint's daughter reveals VERY perky new figure in Malibu That photo is SO last century! Mandy Moore posts ultimate TBT pic with Justin Timberlake from 1999 Fresh faced  Katie Price slips into a colourful retro bikini as she continues family getaway... as she's slammed for sharing 'inappropriate' shot of daughter Princess, 9 Love/Hate, Actually: Susanna Reid REJECTED a role in the Love Actually sequel for Comic Relief because of GMB 'TV husband' Piers Morgan 'I was close to a breakdown': Linda Robson admits she was too 'ashamed' to tell anyone after racking up thousands in debt Spending habit Made In Chelsea's Tiffany Watson goes topless in a peachy shower snap from Mauritius holiday Paradise vacation She's not shellfish! Katie Salmon treats onlookers to an eyeful as tries on a range of racy beachwear while preparing for Miss Swimsuit UK Are iguanas that live off their own bones the cure for obesity? CHRISTOPER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Blake Lively wraps up in heavy coat and hoodie as she steps out with husband Ryan Reynolds... and his BFF Jake Gyllenhaal tags along too Special delivery! Khloe Kardashian indulges in decadent chocolate dipped strawberries sent by boyfriend Tristan Thompson Delicious treat 'I've given up on jewellery or clothes!' Justin Theroux reveals he recently bought wife Jennifer Aniston a Snuggie and 'amazing' flip flops  'I think about EVERYTHING I post on soicial media': Plus-size model Iskra Lawrence talks about the pressures of being a body-positive role model McLeaning up his act: WAG Nicola and her love rat husband Tom Williams look loved up at Disney On Ice with sons ahead of vow renewal Rebuilding relationship 'My finger's fatter than I thought': Dave Franco reveals why he isn't wearing his wedding band weeks after secretly tying the knot with Alison Brie   Jagger's girl climbs into pole position: Georgia May shows off her moves in snap posted on Instagram  Effortless exercise It's a ruff life! Lizzie Cundy turns heads as she dons a perilously plunging scarlet swimsuit to walk her pet pooch Casual daytime attire...  'It's just wrong!' Ricky Gervais slammed by grieving parents who stormed out of his live stand-up show after he cracked joke about 'dead baby' Scarlett's cyber sensation: Classy and beguiling, Scarlett Johansson is perfect as a cyborg created to crack crime  She's definitely Hot Right Now! Bikini-clad Rita Ora shows off her bronzed physique as she soaks up the sun in the Maldives Teasing fans on trip Having a wheelie good time! Len Wiseman's model girlfriend CJ Franco beams as she flashes tons of flesh while riding bike on grocery trip Katie Price puts on an eye-popping display in tiny bikini bottoms as she films herself having a steamy shower... while on a family holiday with her kids 'Coachella fittings!': Ashley Graham models off-the-shoulder gown from own collection as she prepares to attend popular music festival  Always stunning Wheelchair bound Eric Clapton, 71, looks frail as he holds hands with daughter at airport... after being forced to pull out of two gigs due to 'severe bronchitis' Let It Shine's winning five take centre stage alongside Take That in new trailer for The Band... after BBC hit back at claims the boys 'won't have main roles' Pregnant Bristol Palin shares photos of her one-year-old daughter Sailor enjoying the sunshine as the whole family jet off on a warm weather getaway Selfie queen Lauren Goodger leaves her car in disabled bay ahead of gym session... before coming over shy and wrapping herself in HUGE white sheet 'I'm gonna miss my turkey neck': Mama June goes under the knife for yet more surgery on From Not To Hot  U.S. reality resurgence  Kimberley Garner puts on a busty display while showcasing her killer abs in a barely-there pastel blue bikini... as she pursues Hollywood movie dreams Stephen Belafonte shares intimate 'threesome snap' with Mel B... amid claims the couple's 'open relationship' prompted their divorce Kate Wright shows off her enviable curves in sexy white crochet bikini following 'love interest' Rio Ferdinand's emotional documentary about late wife Lindsay Lohan flaunts her fabulous figure in a plunging purple swimsuit as she holidays in Thailand with friends  Happy and healthy She's a boho babe! Amber Heard goes hippie chic in black lace frock as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Free spirit style  Katie Holmes looks gorgeous in white as she joins co-star Matthew Perry to promote The Kennedys: After Camelot  Comedy duo Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn playfully stick out their tongues as they promote new movie Snatched Play mum and daughter 'The door is bent!': Marnie Simpson is accused of photoshopping her NAKED picture to promote raunchy new shoe range Making the sidewalk her runway! Bella Hadid shows off her impressively long legs in dark skinny jeans in New York City  Iggy Azalea looks demure in all-black as she jets out of LA after making music comeback with VERY racy video Kim Zolciak flaunts Rapunzel-style braid... ahead of her heated return to The Real Housewives of Atlanta Diane Kruger is casual in camo on stroll through in New York without her new man Norman Reedus Laid back look 'Prosecutors are still reviewing the case': Louis Tomlinson faces longer wait to learn if he'll be charged for airport brawl as hearing is pushed back Is that Oroton? Rose Byrne sports vintage handbag amid controversy over retailer's decision to dump her and hire 'younger influencers' Chaka Khan shows off dramatic weight loss as she jets out of LA just days after celebrating 64th birthday 'I wrote nice things about Cate Blanchett and now I'm a pervert!': Val Kilmer defends tweets after being labelled 'creepy' 'Most days, I laugh at my own symptoms': Michael J. Fox reveals how he finds humor in Parkinson's disease Candid new interview  Jeff Goldblum, 64, holds hands with wife Emilie Livingston, 34, after romantic lunch as they prepare to welcome second child 'It is necessary to abandon our humanity': Woody Harrelson and Andy Serkis square off in final dark trailer for War For The Planet Of The Apes  'I'm going to win it': Brad Pitt plays 'rock star' US General in Afghanistan in latest trailer for Netflix's War Machine  Mark Wahlberg reprises his role as the cool dad while shooting scenes in the snow with Will Ferrell and Mel Gibson for Daddy's Home 2 Busy Philipps looks sleek on set of new NBC sitcom after posting hilarious throwback snap of her crazy curls phase  Bright young thing! Rumer Willis dazzles in chic orange dress with tiny flowers for her media tour of New York Opted for a flowing dress with flowers 'I'm hurt you think I would put my baby at risk': Pregnant Amy Childs defends drinking 'fizz' as she proudly shows off her bump outside TV studios Hola, bombón! Charlotte Dawson shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging red swimsuit and killer heels as she tops up her tan in Spain 'It'll be less sexist!' Harvey Fierstein reveals how he's changing up NBC's Bye Bye Birdie Live! starring Jennifer Lopez 'I'm Bart Simpson, put her there, man!' Voice artist Nancy Cartwright blows an oblivious teen's mind as he tries to sell her cookies and she responds as Bart  Agent in action! Jaimie Alexander suits up as Jane Doe as she films scenes for Blindspot in New York Crime drama EXCLUSIVE - Bird of paradise: Bikini-clad Megyn Kelly puts on a colorful display while flashing some skin as she snorkels out to sea in Hawaii 49 and fab! As singer-turned-style star Celine Dion celebrates her birthday today, FEMAIL shines a spotlight on her young and modern fashions 'I'm not close with them': Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Evans will not invite fellow MTV cast members to her wedding... after teasing fall nuptials on Twitter Now Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa flexes HIS revenge body after ex Christina's bikini shots  Motivated to get fit after battling two cancers  Bumpy time: Whitney Port covers up in loose sweater after revealing she 'hates' being pregnant At an LA farmer's market RHOA's Kenya Moore gets restraining order against ex Matt Jordan after he hounds her with phone calls 'up to 30 times a day' Yes, there's more! Dakota Johnson jets into Miami ahead of release of unrated, uncut home video version of Fifty Shades Darker Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample bust and toned stomach in a skimpy mint green bikini as she joins stunning sister Lauryn in the Maldives Kate Hudson has a spring in her step on stylish outing in New York... just days after passionate kiss with new love Danny Fujikawa 'Sorry for any offence in advance': Russell Brand confirms return to live radio to host comedy show on Radio X... eight years after 'Sachsgate' Still got it! Harrison Ford, 74, reveals he still fits into Blade Runner costumes 35 years on Known for keeping in shape Goodies! Ciara and husband Russell Wilson throw elaborate 'all white' co-ed baby shower in Los Angeles Eagerly awaiting the arrival of their child She's a bikini babe! Serena Williams puts on a busty display as she flaunts her toned tummy in sexy snap In seriously good shape for her holiday How to clean your house like Kate Thornton: Presenter reveals tips to get your home spick and span including using a toothbrush to clean tiles  Grey's Anatomy star Chandra Wilson opens up about her daughter's real life medical mystery which took months to diagnose No little lies here! Reese Witherspoon smolders in Elizabeth Arden ad with slicked-back hair and flawless skin as she is named 'Storyteller-in-Chief' When on vacation! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik and friends flaunt their VERY pert derrières in skimpy bikinis  Bringing sexy back! Spice Up Your Drive! Victoria Beckham dusts off her vocal chords for a spin with James Corden in Carpool Karaoke Wannabe my driver? SPOILER ALERT: Sarah Hyland responds to fans on Twitter after shocking Modern Family twist Star set the record straight Catherine Zeta Jones looks chic in monochrome jumpsuit as she heads to the Today show to promote new television show Feud: Bette and Joan 'We should all be feminists': Jennifer Lawrence makes bold statement in slogan T-shirt as she poses for the Dior 2017 Fall Collection  'She's still the same selfless girl': Meghan Markle's best friend reveals why her relationship with Harry WON'T change the Suits star Mum on the run! Myleene Klass keeps it casual in a denim mini-dress and knee-high boots as she dashes to her radio show Boot-ylicious! She's got sunshine! Kyle Richards adds a pop of color with yellow handbag as she makes a dash for it after gym session Bright spark 'I had a knife held at me!' Peter Andre reveals social anxiety caused by his youth as 'an outcast'... and reveals TV chat helped him understand it Throwback Thursday! Britain's Next Top Model judge Abbey Clancy gives a nod to the past in seventies inspired denim flares Catwalk queen Rachel Zoe ditches her all-black signature style for pretty floral frock as she runs errands in West Hollywood Chose a bright ensemble for once Spencer Matthews plays the role of supporting beau in Dublin... as new flame Vogue Williams insists women 'need to see a few people at one time'  She got it from her mama! Tamara Ecclestone's daughter Sophia, 3, steals the show as she poses up a storm with smiley appearance in LA Topless Katie Price exposes painful scars from eighth boob job as she confidently parades 32GG chest on beach during idyllic family holiday to the Maldives Storms a brewin': First look at the CW's new superhero series Black Lightning starring Cress Williams New photo 'I think I've put my back out!': Susanna Reid flashes too much as she's DROPPED during Strictly lift... after admitting she's too busy for a boyfriend  'It changed my life!' Dawson Creek's James Van Der Beek reveals 'heartthrob status' on the cult show prepared him for stardom... but he never watched it back Robin Thicke and Paula Patton 'close to reaching formal agreement over custody of son Julian'... two years after finalising their divorce Victoria Secret Angel Romee Strijd flaunts her sensational body in a baby blue two-piece as she poses up a storm for photoshoot on Venice Beach Moving in with the brood? Angelina Jolie puts tense split with Brad Pitt behind her as she 'eyes up historic $25 million gated community mansion' Top Gear's 'tame racing driver' The Stig breaks a world record in a dodgem car by driving the restored 1960s model at over 100mph  SPOILER! Shock twist in Hollyoaks as Ste Hay is arrested for Amy Barnes' murder... as well as his boyfriend Harry Thompson Let slip secret on TV  Blac Chyna 'believes exes Tyga and Rob Kardashian have teamed up to spread lies about her'... after she branded rapper a 'b***h' in child support rant Michael Bublé and his wife Luisana are seen for the first time since it was revealed son Noah, 3, is 'progressing well' following treatment for liver cancer It must be her favourite! Queen Letizia of Spain recycles a vibrant red coat as she attends a prize-giving ceremony in Soria Charity work VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: Fearne Cotton and Holly Willoughby almost KISS as they play hilarious chip game on new Celebrity Juice Sight for sore fries The original ending for Disney's animated classic Frozen is revealed for the first time... and it doesn't turn out well for Elsa Not cool with fans Khloe Kardashian goes braless under jacket bearing her beau Tristan Thompson's basketball number... after ex claims she 'tolerated' his drug habit 'I couldn't believe it because I loved them': Mischa Barton reveals her 'emotionalblackmail' after discovering an intimate sex tape was on sale for $500,000 'I feel self-conscious holding her hand': Gregg Wallace, 52,  reveals embarrassment over 22-year age gap with fourth wife Anne-Marie, 30 Yee-phwoar! Leigh-Anne Pinnock leaves little to the imagination in a barely-there top while Jesy Nelson straddles a bull as Little Mix's raciest video yet They don't give an Amster-DAM! James Lock holds hands with giggly girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou during filming after viewers branded her a 'bunny boiler' Shady lady! Bella Hadid wears sunglasses at night but forgets a BRA as she steps out in coordinated black and red belly-baring outfit Red-dy for her close up 'Such a good boy for mummy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet snap with son Caben-Albi as she brushes off drama with Jeremy McConnell   Braless Rita Ora shows off perky assets through sheer top as she just about protects her modesty with star pasties... before going for a dip in holiday snap Antony Costa treats himself to 3D liposuction in a bid to regain his body confidence after displaying a fuller figure  Slimmed down by six inches Pregnant Amal Clooney is the picture of elegance in red as she prepares to give war crime speech... after husband George gushed she is 'doing amazing' Retro chic! Cody Simpson cuts a casual figure in vintage blue bomber jacket and black pants as he heads for a night out in LA Headed out for a party 'He was always the a** wipe for Will Smith': Fresh Prince of Bel-Air's Janet Hubert jabs at cast reunion photo and calls Alfonso Ribeiro a 'media hoe'  George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz races to funeral after finding out about it at the last minute - but isn't allowed into the wake Friends and family only 'I didn't know if he was in the zone or if he genuinely didn't like me': Charlie Hunnam reflects on his frosty working relationship with co-star Robert Pattinson 'Talk about a flashback!': Catherine Tyldesley shows off her knickers as she performs a raunchy 'strip tease' on sketch show Scallywagga 'We haven't got time!' Ore Oduba says he and his wife Portia are too busy for babies... and reveals Strictly winners are NOT allowed to keep the glitterball trophy Spring in her step! Pixie Lott flaunts her trim waist in minuscule floral crop top and high-waisted jeans as she heads out in LA Good jeans Now that's hot Coco! Rapper Ice T's racy wife leaves little to the imagination in racy lingerie shoot shared on her Snapchat One way to get attention Chic Gemma Arterton looks elegant in colour-clashing fuchsia and scarlet ensemble at Their Finest screening in London Bright young thing Lovely in lace! Curvy model Ashley Graham looks sultry while posing in bras and panties for Canadian clothing chain Addition Elle Showed off curvy figure Khloe Kardashian puts on brave face and shows off figure in tight jeans after ex Lamar Odom claims she knew about his cocaine use and cheating Squad goals! Kourtney Kardashian and son Mason wear matching bomber jackets with Larsa Pippen and crew of friends for Korean barbecue in LA Liberty Ross flashes a hint of side boob in an embellished sheer dress at the NYC premiere of Ghost In The Shell with her two cute children Lily Collins looks stylish in a striped crop top and flares as she heads to the movies with a handsome male friend Looked lovely 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri wears tummy-skimming leather mini dress and knee-high boots to party following a series of cryptic social media posts  Look away now, Channing! Jenna Dewan Tatum writhes around in sexy underwear after indulging in a pillow fight with her pals during girls' night in EXCLUSIVE - 'If it wasn't for Ed I'd still be sleeping on the beach': Liberian street boy saved by pop star reveals he was abused, beaten and robbed 'Poking fun of myself': Victoria Beckham reveals her fun side and smiles while on The Late Late Show So she really does smile!  Blac Chyna flaunts impressive weight loss in corset and sheer skirt combination... amid accusing Tyga of not paying child support Slimmer than ever Vroom! Tyga and Scott Disick go on a shopping spree at LA Barneys location in luxury cars...after ex Blac Chyna accused him of not paying child support 'Can't wait to see you!' Katy Perry takes to social media to confirm her Glastonbury debut this year... as full line-up is FINALLY announced after speculation 'I don't know what makes you happy but it's not me': Megan McKenna left in tears as she and Pete Wicks FINALLY break up on TOWIE Elegant in emerald: Jessica Chastain dazzles in a chic green pencil dress with bow detail as she heads out for dinner Emerald pretty! French goddess! Juliette Binoche, 53, is sensational in black gown slashed to waist at Ghost In The Shell premiere Show stealing gown EastEnders is not so Dyer without Danny: Producers baffled as 'TV show ratings are boosted after the badboy actor's shock departure' Life's a beach! Ireland Baldwin kicks off bikini season as she flashes toned physique during surfside photo shoot  Showed off toned physique Buckle up! Racy Perrie Edwards gets soaked in booze as Little Mix tease titillating Coyote Ugly-inspired music video for No More Sad Songs Skimpiest ensembles yet Monokini-clad US TV star Brooke Burke-Charvet gets wet and wild in daring swimsuit as she hits the beach with her family in St. Barts Top dad! Doting Sir Rod Stewart, 72, and adorable youngest son Aiden, 6, wear matching Celtic jerseys as they enjoy bonding day in Bel Air One sweet stay! Look inside the $25 million mansion Mariah Carey rented for her birthday getaway to Cabo with Bryan Tanaka Pad fit for a pop queen Little Mix's Jesy Nelson steals the spotlight in skimpy pants and sexy fishnet tights ahead of The Late Late Show appearance in LA 'He'll be a mess, but Amal will take care of everything': Matt Damon predicts what kind of dad George Clooney will shape up to be  Mocked his pal All the colours of the rainbow! Scarlett Johansson stuns in glittery gown with plunging neckline at Ghost In The Shell premiere in NYC Hollywood's first female studio boss on Angelina Jolie's daily drug tests, defending Mel Gibson and supporting Tom Cruise and Scientology He's not worried! Justin Bieber struts around Brazil while showing off new tattoos and washboard abs... despite possibility of arrest IT is back... and will leave you screaming: Pennywise is more terrifying than ever in spine-chilling first trailer for Stephen King's IT The fun has just begun... What a stud (jacket)! Jared Leto looks edgy in bespangled blue sky motif denim coat at Blade Runner 2049 CinemaCon event One cool dude TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou sizzles in plunging bralet as she puts on defiant display with beau James Lock... after viewers brand her a 'bunny boiler' Cold Feet cast celebrate saga's 20th anniversary with charming portrait as they plan SECOND reunion series Hello stranger! Hilary Duff hugs handsome mystery man as she visits trendy hotel bar in New York Back on the market following her divorce Quick change artist! Sofia Richie, 18, heads for lunch in leggings and denim vest... after arriving back in LA from NYC wearing sweatpants and Yeezys Cop a load of this! Chloe Lattanzi shows off her curves and trim pins in busty Killer Barbie costume as she denies row with mum Olivia Newton-John Going strong! Kesha flashes peace sign while catching flight with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter at LAX Pretty in pink Wednesday What happened to your gorgeous locks? Handsome Chris Pine reveals shaved head at Las Vegas movie convention W-hair has it gone? Bombshell in black! Rooney Mara slips into cleavage-baring cocktail dress for The Discovery premiere in LA Looked like a knockout at the bash She means business! Mel B heads to see her divorce lawyer in fierce thigh-high boots as she begins to set her split from Stephen Belafonte in stone Gothic glam! Gigi Hadid embraces her dark side with edgy oxblood lips and matching boots Rocked a stylish but edgy look MIC's Tiffany Watson and sister Lucy leave their boyfriends at home for girls' night out... following on-screen drama with Sam Thompson Made In Chelsea's Stephanie Pratt going for gold with Team GB rugby player Ollie Lindsay-Hague as new couple make first public appearance Fashionable friends! Minka Kelly and Mandy Moore enjoy a girls' night out at feminist function Brunette beauties rocked the event White hot! Actress Maria Menounos stuns in a dramatic jumpsuit as she poses up a storm at CinemaCon The 38-year-old wowed in white at the event Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News World Spacewalking astronauts lose piece of important cloth shielding after it floats away It was not immediately clear who let the shield go or how it got away; it’s supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson floated out on the eighth spacewalk of her career Thursday morning, 400 kilometres up at the International Space Station. That's the most spacewalks ever performed by a woman.(The Associated Press ) By Marcia DunnThe Associated Press Thu., March 30, 2017 CAPE CANAVERAL, FLA.—Spacewalking astronauts lost an important piece of cloth shielding needed for the International Space Station on Thursday when it floated away. Astronaut Peggy Whitson immediately reported the mishap to Mission Control, which tracked the bundle as it drifted off. NASA said it would be monitored to make sure it doesn’t come back and hit the station. The shielding protects against micrometeorite debris. It was one of four pieces that Whitson and Shane Kimbrough were installing over the spot left by a relocated docking port. NASA spokesman Dan Huot said the three remaining shields were installed to cover the most vulnerable spots. It was a disappointing turn of events in a record-setting spacewalk for Whitson, the world’s oldest and most experienced spacewoman. It was the eighth spacewalk of her career, the most ever performed by a woman. There was frustration in her voice as she informed Mission Control. Huot said it was not immediately clear who let the shield go or how it got away; it’s supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. Article Continued Below Spacewalkers have lost objects before but usually the items are small, like bolts. In 2008, an astronaut lost her entire tool kit during a spacewalk. U.S. astronauts Peggy Whitson, above, and Shane Kimbrough work on the outside of the International Space Station on Thursday. An important piece of micrometeorite shielding was lost during the spacewalk.  (NASA)   Each fabric shield weighs 18 pounds. When unfolded, it is about 2 inches thick and measures about 152 centimetres by 60 centimetres, according to NASA. The entire 250-mile-high space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. Read more: U.S. astronaut becomes oldest woman in space SpaceX says it will fly 2 people to the moon in 2018 Astronomers discover seven Earthlike planets that could hold Astronomers discover seven Earthlike planets that could hold life The docking port was disconnected during a spacewalk last Friday by Kimbrough, the space station’s commander and a six-time spacewalker. Then flight controllers in Houston moved it to a new and better location Sunday. It will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. The spacewalkers hooked up vital heater cables to the docking port and removed a cover from the top. Then they turned to the shields, and that’s when one of the folded coverings got away. Mission Control instructed the astronauts to retrieve the cloth cover just removed from the docking port, and try to fashion it over the gaping hole left by the lost shield. Midway through Thursday’s spacewalk, Whitson was set to surpass the current record for women of 50 hours and 40 minutes of total accumulated spacewalking time, held by former space station resident Sunita Williams. Williams is one of four NASA astronauts who will make the initial test flights of the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner capsules. The first flight could occur as early as next year. A Russian holds the all-time spacewalking record: Anatoly Solovyev with 16. The 57-year-old Whitson has been in orbit since November. This is her third space station stint. Altogether, she’s spent more than 500 days off the planet, also more than any other woman. She’s scheduled to return to Earth in June, but may stick around an extra three months, until September. NASA is hoping to take advantage of an extra seat in the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that’s due to launch next month and return in September. A decision is expected soon. NASA, meanwhile, has indefinitely delayed a spacewalk that had been scheduled for next week. A shipment with replacement parts needed for that spacewalk is on hold because of rocket concerns at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Shipper Orbital ATK is relying on the United Launch Alliance’s Atlas V to haul up the goods. Read more about: International Space Station Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 2°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs How to eat: Don’t skip the banana with a Somali meal Somali food brings together traditions from across the world. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Shanghai to reduce corporate costs and taxes of 40b yuan this year China's service sector expansion nears three-year high in March China's manufacturing activity expands in March PetroChina to study participating in Aramco’s IPO Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Metro’s Wi-Fi ‘not hacked’ A dog’s life: we adore our pampered pets Helping hand for anxious new parents Elevator firms told to up game Big facelift for historic Changning Action to improve trade unions Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Wenger’s future ‘not sorted completely’ Schweinsteiger Stumped in Chicago Dortmund signs Dahoud Golfers may skip Hawaii event Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Classical Strauss world tour heading to Shanghai Welcome back to the old and the new 116m children to get vaccinations in anti-polio war Sniffer dogs are the surprise new weapon in fighting against cancer Most cancerous mutations are random DNA errors Be alert to food near expiry date Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News A fresh look at the new dynamics of an old but booming economy Giving women a place and respect in the workplace Money and success are never all there is Law or heart? There’s always room for both Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Oral history book explores true meaning of tradition by recounting the revival of qin Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News ‘Crazy’ animal parents get love in return ‘Song to Song’ filled with unexpected joy New dimension for Disney classic Family ‘oasis’ in former French concession The man behind the landmark Legend of the White Snake Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Expat invited to explore district icons More volunteers become organ donors Man with mental disease injures French man in Shanghai Shanghai to reduce corporate costs and taxes of 40b yuan this year China's service sector expansion nears three-year high in March The story appears on Page A11 March 31, 2017 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 In China, this is science fiction’s golden age 在中国，科幻小说正处于黄金时代 View more » Photo Sets Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund View more » Home » World 57-year-old breaks record for female space walks Source: AFP | 00:01 UTC+8 March 31, 2017 | Print Edition AMERICAN astronaut Peggy Whitson made history when she floated outside the International Space Station yesterday, breaking the record for the most space walks by a woman. Whitson, 57, is making her eighth career space walk, surpassing the record of seven previously held by American Suni Williams. The space walk formally began at 7:29am when Whitson and her NASA colleague Shane Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing into space. “Be safe and enjoy your time out,” said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened. “I will be waiting for you.” The goal of the six-and-a-half hour space walk is to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. Yesterday’s walkabout is the second in a series of three space walks to outfit the exterior of the orbiting outpost with parking spots for a new generation of space taxis ferrying astronauts to the station. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year. Whitson earned a doctorate in biochemistry and served as the first female space station commander in 2008. A native of Iowa, she is known for her quick wit, sense of humor and ease in communicating complicated science topics to a lay audience. She said in an interview this month on NASA television that she had spent her time at the orbiting lab growing stem cells for a science experiment on cell therapies for cancer. She is also taking part in experiments to test how fire acts in micro gravity to better understand how it spreads in space, and growing seedlings to study how plants grow in orbit. Now on her third long-duration space flight, Whitson is the oldest woman to ever fly in space. World <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Xi and Trump to meet face to face Minimum monthly wage raised Chinese president to visit Finland, meet Trump in US After nearly 150 years away Street Dance Becomes Exercise During Class Break French bakery executives held and all outlets closed in stale flour raid Alert issued for airport’s big day on Sunday Bakery chain Farine’s top rep flees China New traffic rules attempt to break Shanghai’s hierarchical traffic system Chinese man shot dead in Paris Blanket smoking ban takes effect, and citizens turning off cigarettes French bakery executives held and all outlets closed in stale flour raid Cycling boom causing big pains for city authorities Crowds throng to parks as flowers bloom early due to warm winter ‘Birds and bees’ create public buzz <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Expat invited to explore district icons More volunteers become organ donors Man with mental disease injures French man in Shanghai Shanghai to reduce corporate costs and taxes of 40b yuan this year China's service sector expansion nears three-year high in March View more » Latest World News Group ‘plotted to blow up Rialto Bridge’ Dylan to receive Nobel prize at the weekend Gulf airlines lend laptops to get round ban by US Nunes rebuffs calls to step away from probe 'Beauty and the Beast' dazzles again at box office Anger in South Korea over bones fiasco View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Rough Cuts Playing Now Tillerson says U.S., Turkey committed to defeating ISIS - 01:25 Suicide truck bomb kills at least 17 in south Baghdad -police sources - 00:51 Britain considering citizenship rights post-Brexit - May - 01:20 Trump was having 'a little bit of fun' with healthcare comments: Spicer - 00:58 Pro-EU protesters gather outside Westminster - 00:35 U.S. formalizes probe into Mosul blast - 00:50 'Five Came Back' and changed Hollywood's depiction of war - 01:53 Police open fire near U.S. Capitol - 00:36 UK Prime Minister Theresa May officially triggers Brexit - 01:55 Hammond: Brexit is moment we put divisions behind us - 01:01 Theresa May departs Downing Street to trigger Brexit - 00:39 Spacewalk underway for ISS home improvement Thursday, March 30, 2017 - 01:12 NASA astronauts Shane Kimbrough and Peggy Whitson begin a spacewalk as part of a project to upgrade docking areas of the International Space Station. Rough Cut (no reporter narration). ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: International Space Station commander Shane Kimbrough and crewmate Peggy Whitson began a 6.5-hour spacewalk on Thursday (March 30) to carry out routine maintenance and to continue work to set up a new docking port for commercial crew ferry ships being built by Boeing and SpaceX. The goals were to replace an external computer relay box with an upgraded unit and to install micrometeoroid shields at the base of the new docking port, among other tasks. This is the 199th spacewalk devoted to station assembly and maintenance since construction began in 1998, the fourth so far this year, the sixth for Kimbrough and the eighth for Whitson. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2olCVcn <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371390738" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Spacewalk underway for ISS home improvement Thursday, March 30, 2017 - 01:12 Top News » SpaceX launches first ever re-used rocket 4:37am IST - (1:29) South Korea's ousted leader Park Geun-hye... 4:39am IST - (0:41) UK sets out bid to replace EU law Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:22) Can Britain seal trade deal in 2-year time... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (2:07) Meningitis outbreak in Nigeria kills 282... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:27) Breakingviews TV: Mexico railroads U.S. Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (3:12) Italian police arrest pro-Islamic State trio... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (0:55) Displaced yearn for Mosul return amid... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:20) EXCLUSIVE: Malaysia's mix-up over Kim Jong... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (2:03) U.S's Tillerson seeks to keep focus on Islamic... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:11) Merkel, Rajoy and Juncker arrive for Malta... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (0:58) U.S. authorities release Mexican 'Dreamer'... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:26) Business » Bank rally drives Wall Street higher 6:04am IST - (1:16) Jack in the Box inks DoorDash delivery deal 12:38am IST - (1:14) SpaceX to launch first reused rocket 12:37am IST - (1:12) Breakingviews TV: Mexico railroads U.S. Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (3:12) ECB policymakers want to stick to plan Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:56) Toshiba: shareholders OK chip unit sale, angry... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:49) Lenders lean towards deal with Greece -... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:32) Lloyd's eyes Brussels as Brexit worries hit Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:56) Lululemon shares plunge Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:02) Samsung unveils its Galaxy S8 smartphone Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:37) White collar jobs at risk of automation Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:45) Energy, consumer shares lift S&P 500 to slight... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:10) Technology » Scientists map Arabica coffee genome Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (2:41) Scientists grow a near life-like mouse embryo Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:46) Brain implant, muscle stimulator help... Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (1:20) Tel Aviv's trash is being turned into fuel Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:12) Fashion trending footwear made from recycled... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:51) Fully-automated drone has Israeli firm... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:40) 'Sound hatred' a genuine problem, say UK... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (2:19) Oil soaking sponge could help clean up serious... Sat, 25 Mar, 2017 - (0:59) Exoskeleton takes the strain off repetitive... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:54) Scientists finally figure out why pandas are... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:49) Tiny predator is Top Gun of the insect world Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:48) Swansea Bay tidal lagoon to harness British... Mon, 20 Mar, 2017 - (1:54) Oddly Enough » Alligator tied to tree in Snapper Village 12:03am IST - (1:03) French artist attempts to hatch eggs Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) Poop and fish guts for the win Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (1:02) Virginia's 'Dr. Doolittle' gives amputated... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:56) Fashion trending footwear made from recycled... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:51) Baby Dominique born with four legs, now has... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:44) Scientists finally figure out why pandas are... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:49) Spain's "Fallas" festival ends with burning of... Mon, 20 Mar, 2017 - (1:28) Exhibit features mummies from Egypt and Peru Fri, 17 Mar, 2017 - (1:57) Brits still waiting for full Brexit comedy... Thu, 16 Mar, 2017 - (2:54) Jack Russell faceplants during Crufts Thu, 16 Mar, 2017 - (1:09) New polar bear cub emerges from den Wed, 15 Mar, 2017 - (1:01) Entertainment » Oscar accountants get reprieve after best... 1:48am IST - (1:13) Glastonbury announces more acts set to perform Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (0:51) George Michael laid to rest in London Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:20) 2017 releases showcased at CinemaCon Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (3:12) Spider-Man 'Homecoming' film preview Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (2:10) Jessica Chastain shines light on historic... Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (1:48) From Syria to Detroit, we are all migrants,... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:42) Argentina's Macri visits Anne Frank's house in... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:22) Captain Cook waistcoat fails to sell at... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:21) Paris exhibition shows Picasso's passion Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (0:50) Live music brings joy to Russian commuters Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (0:56) Fans remember Debbie Reynolds and Carrie... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:36) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business Comment Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, it's accountancy watchdog the FRC being proactive for a change The Financial Reporting Council wants to know if its sanctions are tough enough to protect the public James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Thursday 30 March 2017 17:17 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Are London's regulators planning to form a new Justice League? Has some strange force taken hold at the offices of Britain’s accountancy watchdog? Could it be that the Financial Reporting Council’s chief executive Stephen Haddrill is preparing to don an orange suit like that worn by The Flash, with plans to join the Financial Conduct Authority's Andrew Bailey (Batman?) and Ofcom’s Sharon White (Wonder Woman?) in a London based regulatory Justice League? Perhaps not. However, the proactive announcement of a review into its disciplinary process by a watchdog that has up until now looked like a blind snail with a broken leg - it only launched a full investigation into KPMG’s audit of HBoS eight years after the latter’s rescue and bail out - is quite the surprising development.  Read more FRC’s Haddrill might regret facing off with the Djokovic of oversight HBOS auditor back in spotlight as watchdog does U-turn on inquiry Andrew Tyrie says watchdog 'dragging feet' over HBOS auditor The FRC says it has responded to "stakeholder feedback" to set up a review of the sanctions imposed through its enforcement proceedings, the reasons for imposing them, whether they are fair, and crucially, whether they are “adequate to safeguard the public interest”.  You would be ever so slightly worried if “stakeholder feedback“  had involved big accountancy firms moaning about the FRC being too tough (it really isn’t).  But this will be an independent review, conducted by an independent panel.  The chair of that panel will be former Court of Appeal judge, Sir Christopher Clarke. He will sit alongside Peter Chambers, who as a former chief executive of Legal & General Investment Management should know a thing or two about corporate governance (which the FRC also oversees), and Andrew Long, another former judge and previous chair of the Regulatory Decisions Committee of the Financial Conduct Authority.  That’s a heavyweight trio, although I would venture to suggest that it is also a very establishment trio. You wouldn’t necessarily expect it to be arguing (as I would) that the sanctions imposed upon miscreant, or even just negligent, accountancy firms need radical reform and should be made very much tougher just for starters.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Good accountants are worth their weight in gold (sometimes quite literally), bad ones can do an awful lot of damage and if bringing the hammer down serves to deter even a handful of them from crossing the line, then that is what should happen.  But perhaps I'm jumping the gun (like The Flash!) and should await the panel’s findings before opining. Who knows, it might spring a surprise. It might even agree with me, albeit in a measured fashion. Perhaps Andrew Tyrie’s Treasury Committee could call in its members for a chat when they release their report.  The fact that it is planned is, regardless, a development that deserves a cautious welcome, albeit one qualified by the phrase “not before time”. I’d imagine the FRC has got rather used to hearing that of late. But that, of course, was prior to Mr Haddrill being struck by the Flash’s Speed Force!      More about: Financial Reporting Council Financial Regulation regulator accounting Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Westinghouse bankruptcy: Is the future of nuclear power in the UK in doubt? New £10bn plant in Cumbria is set to produce 7 per cent of the UK’s power Ben Chapman Thursday 30 March 2017 14:34 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Toshiba owns a 60 per cent stake in NuGen the company that is supposed to be building the Moorside plant in Cumbria Getty What has happened? Toshiba’s nuclear unit, Westinghouse, filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday after huge losses stemming from cost overruns and delays on the build of two power plants in the US. Why does it matter? It puts in doubt the future of a new nuclear plant in Cumbria that is set to produce 7 per cent of the UK’s power. It also raises wider questions about the future of nuclear as a source of energy.  Read more Toshiba shares tumble putting future of new UK nuclear plant in doubt Toshiba owns a 60 per cent stake in NuGen the company that is supposed to be building the Moorside plant in Cumbria. Westinghouse was contracted to build the reactors but a spokesperson for Toshiba said that the company was “uncertain” whether its subsidiary would now provide them.  The plant is set to employ 20,000 people and provide a major economic boost to the area. Those jobs may now be under threat if a new supplier cannot be found. The bankruptcy also puts a question mark over the future of nuclear power in the UK. What will happen? Westinghouse said on Wednesday that only its US operations would be affected but gave no specific reassurances about the future of Moorside. Read more Toshiba shares hammered after credit rating warning Toshiba losses could scupper plans for £10bn UK nuclear plant Toshiba chairman quits after huge losses Toshiba Stock Jumps On Chip Arm Spin-off Speculation Toshiba's record-breaking shares drop wipes $6.5bn off company's value A Toshiba spokesperson said that the firm was still seeking to sell part of its stake in the plant to new investors, as it had been doing since it first became involved in the project. However, the spokesperson added that Westinghouse’s bankruptcy “and recent changes in Toshiba’s policy on the nuclear power business require us to explore and investigate all possibilities”. Toshiba announced in February that it would no longer bid for contracts to build new nuclear plants. What has the Government done? Not much apart from issue a statement on Wednesday saying it is "committed to new nuclear power as an important part of the UK's energy mix". Rebecca Long-Bailey, the shadow business secretary, urged the Government to step in to underwrite the investment but it has not yet made any pledge to do so. “The Government must now urgently provide assurances about the future of Moorside. Relying on the private sector alone, in absence of a robust contractual legal structure, has failed,” Ms Long-Bailey said. “If this government is at all serious about delivering new nuclear as an important part of our energy mix it must act swiftly to ensure the security of our energy supply and guarantee the creation of thousands of highly-skilled and well-paid jobs that communities in Cumbria need and deserve.” The GMB union which represents nuclear workers has also demanded reassurances. “It is vital that this project is given the certainty it needs and therefore we are calling on an urgent government announcement to give clear and unambiguous clarity for the short, medium and long term future of Moorside,” senior organiser Chris Dukes said. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters The future of nuclear power Westinghouse’s bankruptcy court filing also raises questions the viability of other nuclear projects, and even the whole industry. In addition to its contract for Moorfields Westinghouse has a 150-year lease on Springfields nuclear fuel plant in Lancashire from the Government’s Nuclear Decommissioning Authority. It is unclear what effect the bankruptcy will have on that site. The two US reactors which have led to Westinghouse's downfall reportedly cost between $1bn and $1.3bn (£800m - £1bn) more than the company had expected.  In its bankruptcy court filing, Westinghouse blamed the vast overspend on safety regulations designed to protect nuclear reactors from terrorist attacks. It said this forced it to redesign the plants, resulting in “additional, unanticipated engineering challenges that resulted in increased costs and delays on the US AP1000 Projects.”  As concerns around terrorism continue to rise, regulations are not going to be relaxed any time soon and could even be strengthened.  This could make nuclear more expensive at a time when alternatives such as solar, wind and natural gas are decreasing in price. Remote controlled camera reveals hole in Fukushima nuclear plant Declining nuclear The New York Times reported that the cost overruns were also due in part to a lack of contractors with enough experience to build nuclear reactors, as few new plants have been built in recent years. Westinghouse says it is the manufacturer of 111 of the 450 nuclear reactors in operation globally. It will now not build new plants, further shrinking an already small field. Doug Parr, policy director at Greenpeace UK, said: “The world is watching the meltdown of a major corporation and questioning the cost of new nuclear.  “Declaring bankruptcy in the USA might shield Toshiba from Westinghouse’s debt, but as Toshiba’s share price ricochets and its multibillion-dollar losses escalate, the beleaguered nuclear industry is being shaken to the core again.” More about: Nuclear Power Toshiba Westinghouse Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Union files charges with labor board over outsourcing at GE Appl - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Union files charges with labor board over outsourcing at GE Appliance Park Posted: Wednesday, March 29, 2017 5:10 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, March 30, 2017 9:43 AM EDT By Chris Otts BioEmail Connect Biography cotts@wdrb.com Follow @christopherotts Members of IUE-CWA Local 761, led by president Dana Crittendon, rallied ahead of previous contract negotiations in May 2015. LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WDRB) -- The union representing about 4,000 workers at GE Appliance Park has asked the National Labor Relations Board to investigate whether GE Appliances violated federal labor law earlier this year by outsourcing the factory’s warehouse operation, a move that affected about 200 union workers. Workers at the warehouse, one of several buildings on the sprawling Appliance Park campus, manage the inventory of finished products and get them onto truck beds or train cars for delivery to customers. By outsourcing the operation, GE Appliances failed to “bargain in good faith” with the IUE-CWA Local 83-761 as required by law, according to a pair of "charges" the union filed with the NLRB on March 16. The outsourcing happened in January, but no warehouse workers were laid off because they were able to obtain other jobs at Appliance Park, GE Appliances spokeswoman Kim Freeman said. In the charges filed with NLRB, the IUE-CWA names Haier U.S. Appliance Solution, Inc. and two companies to whom the warehouse work was allegedly subcontracted, Dart Logistics Services and Quant US Corp. WDRB obtained copies of the documents under the federal Freedom of Information Act. Qingdao Haier, a Chinese firm, bought Louisville-based GE Appliances last year in a $5.6 billion deal. Freeman said GE Appliances is aware of the union’s charges, and the company "will be responding to them per the normal process steps required." She declined to comment further. Dana Crittendon, president of IUE-CWA Local 83-761, declined to comment Thursday.  Neither Dart Logistics nor Quant responded to inquiries. If successful, the union could eventually get the jobs reinstated, perhaps with back-pay, said David Suetholz, a Louisville attorney who represents unions but is not involved in the case. "If there is evidence there is anti-union animus that motivated this subcontracting – essentially, that they wanted to get rid of the union and stop bargaining with the workers in the warehouse – then Haier is going to have serious problems," Suetholz said. But first, the NLRB will investigate the union’s allegations and decide whether a case is warranted, Suetholz said. If the agency takes up the case, an administrative law judge would oversee a trial-like procedure, he said. One of the more prominent NLRB cases occurred in 2011 when the agency charged Boeing Co. with retaliating against its machinist union workers in Washington by opening a new airplane factory in South Carolina. The NLRB ultimately dropped the case. GE Appliances management said last year that the warehouse would be better run by a third-party company that specializes in logistics because its performance under the company's own workforce was dismal. GE Appliances first notified workers of the outsourcing plan in April, a decision Crittendon called “devastating” at the time. Then, after months of negotiations with the union, the company said in August that it would follow through with the outsourcing plan. The warehouse’s union workforce did not sufficiently improve its efficiency during the negotiating period, called “decision bargaining,” Freeman said in August. "They have failed to meet their key metrics" in areas like speed, cost and the rate of products that incur accidental damage, she said. Reach reporter Chris Otts at 502-585-0822, cotts@wdrb.com, on Twitter or on Facebook. Copyright 2017 WDRB News. All rights reserved. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Stories by Chris OttsMore>> Ford recall includes Escape SUVs made in Louisville Ford recall includes Escape SUVs made in Louisville Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 10:43 AM EDT2017-03-29 14:43:06 GMT The Ford Escape is made at Louisville Assembly Plant off Fern Valley Road. Ford Motor Co. is recalling more than 230,000 vehicles because of a risk of fire under their hoods, including some Escape SUVs made at Louisville Assembly Plant off Fern Valley Road in 2013 and 2014.  More >> Ford Motor Co. is recalling more than 230,000 vehicles because of a risk of fire under their hoods, including some Escape SUVs made at Louisville Assembly Plant off Fern Valley Road in 2013 and 2014. More >> University of Louisville Foundation scraps extra pay given to top administrators University of Louisville Foundation scraps extra pay given to top administrators Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 5:45 PM EDT2017-03-28 21:45:07 GMT U of L Foundation board, March 28, 2017 The University of Louisville Foundation will no longer supplement the salaries of administrators at the school with “deferred compensation” payments that have already cost the nonprofit organization over $20 million.  More >> The University of Louisville Foundation will no longer supplement the salaries of administrators at the school with “deferred compensation” payments that have already cost the nonprofit organization over $20 million. More >> Facing 'run on the bank,' University of Louisville Foundation used Owsley Brown Frazier gift to pay administrators Facing 'run on the bank,' University of Louisville Foundation used Owsley Brown Frazier gift to pay administrators Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 2:30 PM EDT2017-03-27 18:30:02 GMT The late Owsley Brown Frazier, left, announced a $25 million gift to the University of Louisville in 2011. Frazier said former U of L President James Ramsey, right, could decide how to spend the money. (U of L photo) Just before Christmas in 2011, then-University of Louisville President James Ramsey held a press conference to announce the largest individual gift in the school’s history -- a $25 million pledge from the late philanthropist Owsley Brown Frazier. About $7 million ended up being used by the school's foundation for extra administrator compensation. More >> Just before Christmas in 2011, then-University of Louisville President James Ramsey held a press conference to announce the largest individual gift in the school’s history -- a $25 million pledge from the late philanthropist Owsley Brown Frazier. About $7 million ended up being used by the school's foundation for extra administrator compensation. More >> Baptist Health CEO out amid continued operating losses Baptist Health CEO out amid continued operating losses Updated: Tuesday, March 21 2017 4:50 PM EDT2017-03-21 20:50:48 GMT Baptist Health CEO Steve Hanson left the organization effective March 21, 2017. Steve Hanson, the CEO of Louisville-based Baptist Health, is leaving “immediately” after about four years on the job. Baptist wouldn’t comment on the circumstances leading to Hanson’s abrupt departure, and Allen Rudd, the chairman of the nonprofit’s board of directors, declined an interview request. More >> Steve Hanson, the CEO of Louisville-based Baptist Health, is leaving “immediately” after about four years on the job. Baptist wouldn’t comment on the circumstances leading to Hanson’s abrupt departure, and Allen Rudd, the chairman of the nonprofit’s board of directors, declined an interview request.More >> University of Louisville trustees chairman: no more 'double dipping' for administrators with foundation paychecks University of Louisville trustees chairman: no more 'double dipping' for administrators with foundation paychecks Updated: Friday, March 17 2017 11:40 AM EDT2017-03-17 15:40:29 GMT J. David Grissom, chairman of U of L board of trustees University of Louisville administrators will no longer receive extra paychecks from the university’s nonprofit foundation, according to the new chairman of U of L’s board of trustees. In an interview, trustees Chairman J. David Grissom repudiated a program under which the foundation doled out over $20 million in “deferred compensation." More >> University of Louisville administrators will no longer receive extra paychecks from the university’s nonprofit foundation, according to the new chairman of U of L’s board of trustees. In an interview, trustees Chairman J. David Grissom repudiated a program under which the foundation doled out over $20 million in “deferred compensation."More >> Humana CEO: We're not coming back to Obamacare Humana CEO: We're not coming back to Obamacare Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 11:30 AM EDT2017-03-16 15:30:54 GMT Humana CEO Bruce Broussard (company photo) Regardless of the Obamacare overhaul Republicans are pursuing, Humana is out for good, the CEO of the Louisville-based health insurer said Thursday. More >> Regardless of the Obamacare overhaul Republicans are pursuing, Humana is out for good, the CEO of the Louisville-based health insurer said Thursday. More >> University of Louisville leaders want president who acts with "transparency" University of Louisville leaders want president who acts with "transparency" Updated: Wednesday, March 15 2017 5:10 PM EDT2017-03-15 21:10:05 GMT University of Louisville Belknap campus University of Louisville leaders are looking for the school’s president to be someone skilled in managing a $1 billion enterprise with “transparency;” someone with political savvy and good listening skills, as well as someone with “wisdom and judgment.” More >> University of Louisville leaders are looking for the school’s president to be someone skilled in managing a $1 billion enterprise with “transparency;” someone with political savvy and good listening skills, as well as someone with “wisdom and judgment.”More >> Attorney: University of Louisville Foundation pay deals tracked separately for 'obfuscation' Attorney: University of Louisville Foundation pay deals tracked separately for 'obfuscation' Updated: Tuesday, March 14 2017 5:44 PM EDT2017-03-14 21:44:51 GMT University of Louisville Foundation attorney David Saffer during a September 2016 meeting of the board The longtime attorney for the University of Louisville Foundation told board members Tuesday that the foundation had separate accounting to intentionally conceal a program under which it has paid over $20 million in extra compensation university administrators. “If you want my honest opinion, I believe it was done for obfuscation purposes, clearly,” attorney David Saffer told the foundation board. More >> The longtime attorney for the University of Louisville Foundation told board members Tuesday that the foundation had separate accounting to intentionally conceal a program under which it has paid over $20 million in extra compensation university administrators. “If you want my honest opinion, I believe it was done for obfuscation purposes, clearly,” attorney David Saffer told the foundation board.More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Poundland to expand low-cost fashion brand to compete with Asda While Poundland built its business on selling products at a flat rate of £1, Pep&Co prices range from £5 for a pair of trainers to £12 for jeans. Zlata Rodionova Thursday 30 March 2017 13:13 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Poundland was acquired by South African retailer Steinhoff International for £610m PA Discount retailer Poundland is reportedly expanding sales of its clothing brand Pep&Co to more than 100 stores by the end of the year in an attempt to replicate Asda's success with George. According to the Guardian, Poundland’s focus on clothing is also part of its wider strategy to broaden its price range to above £1. The company, which in September was acquired by South African retailer Steinhoff International for £610m, reportedly plans to introduce the brand to 200 of its 850 stores in the longer term. Read more Poundland sale: Steinhoff increases bid to £610m Pep&Co was founded by Andy Bond, the former boss of Asda’s George who now heads up Steinhoff’s European business. “We are putting clothing into big Poundlands," Mr Bond told the Guardian. "We are bringing back to high streets the kind of clothing that was once loved. This is not to shuffle in inflation but about new items,” he added. Commenting on the move in December Mr Bond said: “The relationship between Pep & Co and Poundland will become increasingly significant. “ Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters   “My ambition is that, over time, Pep&Co will become to Poundland like George is to Asda.” While Poundland built its business on selling products at a flat rate of £1, Pep&Co prices range from £5 for a pair of trainers to £12 for jeans. More about: Poundland Asda Pep&Co andy bond Steinhoff International Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business Comment Coffee cup charge would be step in the right direction, a ban would be better still A study by Cardiff University has indicated a plastic bag style levy could cut the mountain of disposable cups ending up in landfill  James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Thursday 30 March 2017 11:45 BST Click to follow The Independent Online A reusable cup in use at Costa Coffee Calling for a new tax isn’t going to make me terribly popular, but when it comes to disposable coffee cups, we need one. A study by Cardiff University, on behalf of coffee roaster Bewley’s, suggests it might just work. Britons get through a mountain of disposable cups every day. As many as 2.5bn of them end up in landfill every year.  The problem is created by the plastic lining that keeps the cups waterproof. It makes them hard to recycle.  Read more Charging for coffee cups could cut 25,000 tonnes of waste MPs launch probe over environmental damage of disposable drink cups Starbucks launches Nitro Cold Brew Coffee to their UK stores Coffee chains say they’re making efforts to improve “sustainability”, hard work they are fond of highlighting on their websites. The Whitbread-owned Costa says it will take your empties for recycling, including rivals’ cups. Costa and Starbucks will also give you a 25p discount if you use a re-usable cup.  Trouble is, most people take coffee away and then bin the cups at, say, their workplaces where recycling schemes aren’t geared up to get them to the specialist places that can handle them.  “We know you, our customers, are concerned. We are too. It’s a complex issue which requires the support of other coffee shops, manufacturers, waste companies, local authorities and customers,” says Costa. Saying something is complex is too often code for “it would take too much effort”. In fact, the issue is a simple one. We caffeine addicts need to be a bit less lazy, and coffee chains need to shift their focus from PR action to real action.  While the discount they offer people who opt for reusable cups looks like the latter, according to the study it has little impact on consumer behaviour. Imposing an extra charge, by contrast, works better.  This shouldn’t come as any surprise. Remember the fuss that was created about the plastic bag charge? Supermarkets hated the idea, and shoppers were up in arms, despite the fact that it had for years operated successfully in Ireland.  Now, we’re used to it. You want a bag, you’ll pay a small amount extra. It should really be more than the current 10p, but that has nonetheless cut use by 85 per cent.  That’s a lot of waste not going into landfill, and a lot of plastic not getting into the environment. And into us, via the food chain. This isn’t something that should just concern tree hugging greenies like me. It should concern anyone with an interest in their health. A gut full of plastic isn’t good for that.  To be fair, the study found that a coffee cup charge didn’t have that same impact as the bag charge when it was trialled. However, when combined with other measures, including environmental messaging in cafes, the distribution of free reusable cups, and making them more easily available, the numbers were encouraging.  Personally, I’ve a lot of sympathy with Friends of the Earth, which says that we need to shift to more eco friendly containers, and that this should be made compulsory.  But, in the absence of that, a charge would be a step in the right direction, sitting well with the established principle that the polluter pays. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Ministers aren’t terribly keen on the idea, not least because the coffee chains, and their lobbyists, insist that they’re doing things.  Of course, central Government doesn’t have to deal with waste disposal. That’s on local Government. It has been left scrambling to find solutions, such as the City of London’s “Square Mile Challenge” which aims to recover half a million cups in the City. “We want to give coffee cups one more shot!” it declares and more power to people who came up with the idea. But, really, it’s caffeine addicts like me that need to get shot of our addiction to disposable cups. If we did that, it would render such schemes unnecessary. More about: coffee cups High street coffee chains Costa Starbucks Recycling Friends Of The Earth Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Union files charges with labor board over outsourcing at GE Appl - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Union files charges with labor board over outsourcing at GE Appliance Park Posted: Wednesday, March 29, 2017 5:10 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, March 30, 2017 9:43 AM EDT By Chris Otts BioEmail Connect Biography cotts@wdrb.com Follow @christopherotts Members of IUE-CWA Local 761, led by president Dana Crittendon, rallied ahead of previous contract negotiations in May 2015. LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WDRB) -- The union representing about 4,000 workers at GE Appliance Park has asked the National Labor Relations Board to investigate whether GE Appliances violated federal labor law earlier this year by outsourcing the factory’s warehouse operation, a move that affected about 200 union workers. Workers at the warehouse, one of several buildings on the sprawling Appliance Park campus, manage the inventory of finished products and get them onto truck beds or train cars for delivery to customers. By outsourcing the operation, GE Appliances failed to “bargain in good faith” with the IUE-CWA Local 83-761 as required by law, according to a pair of "charges" the union filed with the NLRB on March 16. The outsourcing happened in January, but no warehouse workers were laid off because they were able to obtain other jobs at Appliance Park, GE Appliances spokeswoman Kim Freeman said. In the charges filed with NLRB, the IUE-CWA names Haier U.S. Appliance Solution, Inc. and two companies to whom the warehouse work was allegedly subcontracted, Dart Logistics Services and Quant US Corp. WDRB obtained copies of the documents under the federal Freedom of Information Act. Qingdao Haier, a Chinese firm, bought Louisville-based GE Appliances last year in a $5.6 billion deal. Freeman said GE Appliances is aware of the union’s charges, and the company "will be responding to them per the normal process steps required." She declined to comment further. Dana Crittendon, president of IUE-CWA Local 83-761, declined to comment Thursday.  Neither Dart Logistics nor Quant responded to inquiries. If successful, the union could eventually get the jobs reinstated, perhaps with back-pay, said David Suetholz, a Louisville attorney who represents unions but is not involved in the case. "If there is evidence there is anti-union animus that motivated this subcontracting – essentially, that they wanted to get rid of the union and stop bargaining with the workers in the warehouse – then Haier is going to have serious problems," Suetholz said. But first, the NLRB will investigate the union’s allegations and decide whether a case is warranted, Suetholz said. If the agency takes up the case, an administrative law judge would oversee a trial-like procedure, he said. One of the more prominent NLRB cases occurred in 2011 when the agency charged Boeing Co. with retaliating against its machinist union workers in Washington by opening a new airplane factory in South Carolina. The NLRB ultimately dropped the case. GE Appliances management said last year that the warehouse would be better run by a third-party company that specializes in logistics because its performance under the company's own workforce was dismal. GE Appliances first notified workers of the outsourcing plan in April, a decision Crittendon called “devastating” at the time. Then, after months of negotiations with the union, the company said in August that it would follow through with the outsourcing plan. The warehouse’s union workforce did not sufficiently improve its efficiency during the negotiating period, called “decision bargaining,” Freeman said in August. "They have failed to meet their key metrics" in areas like speed, cost and the rate of products that incur accidental damage, she said. Reach reporter Chris Otts at 502-585-0822, cotts@wdrb.com, on Twitter or on Facebook. Copyright 2017 WDRB News. All rights reserved. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Stories by Chris OttsMore>> Ford recall includes Escape SUVs made in Louisville Ford recall includes Escape SUVs made in Louisville Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 10:43 AM EDT2017-03-29 14:43:06 GMT The Ford Escape is made at Louisville Assembly Plant off Fern Valley Road. Ford Motor Co. is recalling more than 230,000 vehicles because of a risk of fire under their hoods, including some Escape SUVs made at Louisville Assembly Plant off Fern Valley Road in 2013 and 2014.  More >> Ford Motor Co. is recalling more than 230,000 vehicles because of a risk of fire under their hoods, including some Escape SUVs made at Louisville Assembly Plant off Fern Valley Road in 2013 and 2014. More >> University of Louisville Foundation scraps extra pay given to top administrators University of Louisville Foundation scraps extra pay given to top administrators Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 5:45 PM EDT2017-03-28 21:45:07 GMT U of L Foundation board, March 28, 2017 The University of Louisville Foundation will no longer supplement the salaries of administrators at the school with “deferred compensation” payments that have already cost the nonprofit organization over $20 million.  More >> The University of Louisville Foundation will no longer supplement the salaries of administrators at the school with “deferred compensation” payments that have already cost the nonprofit organization over $20 million. More >> Facing 'run on the bank,' University of Louisville Foundation used Owsley Brown Frazier gift to pay administrators Facing 'run on the bank,' University of Louisville Foundation used Owsley Brown Frazier gift to pay administrators Updated: Monday, March 27 2017 2:30 PM EDT2017-03-27 18:30:02 GMT The late Owsley Brown Frazier, left, announced a $25 million gift to the University of Louisville in 2011. Frazier said former U of L President James Ramsey, right, could decide how to spend the money. (U of L photo) Just before Christmas in 2011, then-University of Louisville President James Ramsey held a press conference to announce the largest individual gift in the school’s history -- a $25 million pledge from the late philanthropist Owsley Brown Frazier. About $7 million ended up being used by the school's foundation for extra administrator compensation. More >> Just before Christmas in 2011, then-University of Louisville President James Ramsey held a press conference to announce the largest individual gift in the school’s history -- a $25 million pledge from the late philanthropist Owsley Brown Frazier. About $7 million ended up being used by the school's foundation for extra administrator compensation. More >> Baptist Health CEO out amid continued operating losses Baptist Health CEO out amid continued operating losses Updated: Tuesday, March 21 2017 4:50 PM EDT2017-03-21 20:50:48 GMT Baptist Health CEO Steve Hanson left the organization effective March 21, 2017. Steve Hanson, the CEO of Louisville-based Baptist Health, is leaving “immediately” after about four years on the job. Baptist wouldn’t comment on the circumstances leading to Hanson’s abrupt departure, and Allen Rudd, the chairman of the nonprofit’s board of directors, declined an interview request. More >> Steve Hanson, the CEO of Louisville-based Baptist Health, is leaving “immediately” after about four years on the job. Baptist wouldn’t comment on the circumstances leading to Hanson’s abrupt departure, and Allen Rudd, the chairman of the nonprofit’s board of directors, declined an interview request.More >> University of Louisville trustees chairman: no more 'double dipping' for administrators with foundation paychecks University of Louisville trustees chairman: no more 'double dipping' for administrators with foundation paychecks Updated: Friday, March 17 2017 11:40 AM EDT2017-03-17 15:40:29 GMT J. David Grissom, chairman of U of L board of trustees University of Louisville administrators will no longer receive extra paychecks from the university’s nonprofit foundation, according to the new chairman of U of L’s board of trustees. In an interview, trustees Chairman J. David Grissom repudiated a program under which the foundation doled out over $20 million in “deferred compensation." More >> University of Louisville administrators will no longer receive extra paychecks from the university’s nonprofit foundation, according to the new chairman of U of L’s board of trustees. In an interview, trustees Chairman J. David Grissom repudiated a program under which the foundation doled out over $20 million in “deferred compensation."More >> Humana CEO: We're not coming back to Obamacare Humana CEO: We're not coming back to Obamacare Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 11:30 AM EDT2017-03-16 15:30:54 GMT Humana CEO Bruce Broussard (company photo) Regardless of the Obamacare overhaul Republicans are pursuing, Humana is out for good, the CEO of the Louisville-based health insurer said Thursday. More >> Regardless of the Obamacare overhaul Republicans are pursuing, Humana is out for good, the CEO of the Louisville-based health insurer said Thursday. More >> University of Louisville leaders want president who acts with "transparency" University of Louisville leaders want president who acts with "transparency" Updated: Wednesday, March 15 2017 5:10 PM EDT2017-03-15 21:10:05 GMT University of Louisville Belknap campus University of Louisville leaders are looking for the school’s president to be someone skilled in managing a $1 billion enterprise with “transparency;” someone with political savvy and good listening skills, as well as someone with “wisdom and judgment.” More >> University of Louisville leaders are looking for the school’s president to be someone skilled in managing a $1 billion enterprise with “transparency;” someone with political savvy and good listening skills, as well as someone with “wisdom and judgment.”More >> Attorney: University of Louisville Foundation pay deals tracked separately for 'obfuscation' Attorney: University of Louisville Foundation pay deals tracked separately for 'obfuscation' Updated: Tuesday, March 14 2017 5:44 PM EDT2017-03-14 21:44:51 GMT University of Louisville Foundation attorney David Saffer during a September 2016 meeting of the board The longtime attorney for the University of Louisville Foundation told board members Tuesday that the foundation had separate accounting to intentionally conceal a program under which it has paid over $20 million in extra compensation university administrators. “If you want my honest opinion, I believe it was done for obfuscation purposes, clearly,” attorney David Saffer told the foundation board. More >> The longtime attorney for the University of Louisville Foundation told board members Tuesday that the foundation had separate accounting to intentionally conceal a program under which it has paid over $20 million in extra compensation university administrators. “If you want my honest opinion, I believe it was done for obfuscation purposes, clearly,” attorney David Saffer told the foundation board.More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Aircraft Tire Market Financial Review: Fast Facts of You Should Know About Aircraft Tire Industry Analysis 2021 Aircraft Tire Market Research Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Aircraft Tire Industry for 2017-2021. Aircraft Tire Market, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years and discussion of the key vendors effective in this market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of Aircraft Tire globally. For further information on this report, please visit- http://www.marketreportsworld.com/10359387 The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. Following Companies Are Key Players of the Aircraft Tire Market: Bridgestone Dunlop Aircraft Tyres Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company Michelin Aircraft Tyre One trend in market is emergence of green aircraft taxiing systems. Aircraft taxiing involves the movement of aircraft on the ground under its own engine power, which burns a significant amount of fuel. An Airbus A320 aircraft uses approximately 600 liters of fuel while taxiing for an average of 3.5 hours a day. This has necessitated the adoption of alternative approaches for taxiing an aircraft. A number of stakeholders have directed their efforts in developing alternative hybrid or electrically driven approaches to mitigate the excessive fuel consumption and emission impact during taxiing aircraft. For example, Honeywell International and Safran entered into a collaborative agreement to address this growing concern. Since 2011 till 2016, these two companies worked on a project for developing an electric green taxiing system, which is designed to augment the airline operational efficiency by slashing carbon emission in aircraft taxi operations. Ask Sample PDF of Aircraft Tire Market Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10359387    According to the report, one driver in market is rise in aircraft retrofitting. There are many aircraft that have been in service for a long time across the globe. These aircraft require periodic component retrofitting for optimal functioning. Landing gear components, including tires and braking systems, need periodical replacements to keep an aircraft in optimum working condition, as well as to enhance the operational efficiency of aircraft landing gear systems. Retrofitting of landing gears would play greater importance in the growth of the global aircraft tire market, especially for the radial tires segment. For example, in 2015, Delta Airlines (a US-based airline) announced its plan to modernize and replace its aging fleet of aircraft by 2017 in order to achieve fuel efficiency and meet respective regulations. The airline plans to retrofit 225 aircraft that fly on domestic routes. This will also propel the market for aircraft components retrofitting in the US during the forecast period. Report also presents Geographical Segmentation analysis of Aircraft Tire Market of Americas, APAC, EMEA region.   For Any Query, Contact Our Expert @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10359387 Further, the report states that one challenge in market is dominance of OEMs and landing gear suppliers in dictating contract conditions. The high bargaining power of any single stakeholder is not a positive sign for any industry. Boeing and Airbus being the two major streamlined aircraft OEMs retain supremacy on finalizing the prices of aircraft tires for their respective aircraft. Also, major landing gear suppliers, such as General Electric (GE) and United Technologies Corporation (UTC), exercise control over structuring the overall features and prices of landing gear systems, which include tires along with other components. As the OEMs are final integrators of commercial aircraft and maintain MRO facilities in various countries across the globe, the aftermarket price of an aircraft tire thus gets influenced by the presence of OEMs. Therefore, selling tires to these OEMs accounts for a substantial share of the revenue of aircraft tire manufacturers, reflecting a constraint to the overall market performance. Therefore, the high bargaining power of OEMs may have a negative impact on the global aircraft tire market during the forecast period. Key questions answered in Aircraft Tire market report: What will the Aircraft Tire market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving Aircraft Tire market? What are the challenges to Aircraft Tire market growth? Who are the key vendors in Aircraft Tire market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? No of Pages: 70 Price of Report: $ 3500 (Single User License) Purchase Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10359387 CategoriesUncategorized TagsAircraft Tire Industry, Aircraft Tire Industry forecast, Aircraft Tire Industry Growth, Aircraft Tire Industry Report, Aircraft Tire Industry shares, Aircraft Tire Industry Size, Aircraft Tire Market, Aircraft Tire Market Analysis, Aircraft Tire Market Growth, Aircraft Tire Market Report, Aircraft Tire Market Shares, Aircraft Tire Market Size, Aircraft Tire Market Trends, Aircraft Tire Report, Best Aircraft Tire Industry Report, Best Aircraft Tire Market Report, Business, Companies, Google News, Industry, Latest Aircraft Tire Industry Report, Latest Aircraft Tire Market Report, Markets, Research, satPRnews, Space, World Companies Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Australia Ammonia Market Poised to Account for US$ 680.1 Mn by 2016 Next PostNext Millennial Makes Payment on Option of Pocitos West Project in the Pocitos Salar, Salta Province, Argentina Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Inflight Entertainment (IFE) Market to Reach $6.9 Million by 2022 – Analysis by Fit, Aircraft Type, Product Type & Region – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Inflight Entertainment (IFE) Market – Global Forecast to 2022” report to their offering. The inflight entertainment (IFE) market is projected to grow from an estimated USD 3.18 billion in 2016 to USD 6.91 million by 2022, at a CAGR of 13.80% during the forecast period. This growth is mainly attributed to factors such as the increase in demand for new aircraft and emergence of new technologies. However, the regulatory framework & certification, and increase in the overall weight of aircraft is expected to restrain the growth of this market. By aircraft type, the narrow body segment of the inflight entertainment (IFE) market is estimated to have constituted the largest share in 2016. Increase in demand by regional airliners is one of the driving factors for narrow body aircraft segment, globally. According to Boeing Outlook 2016, the global fleet size of narrow body aircraft is 14,870. The Asia-Pacific region and North America have the largest fleet of narrow body aircraft, with 4,540 and 4,010 aircraft respectively. By the end of 2035, the global fleet size of narrow body aircraft is expected to reach 32,280. The number of narrow body aircraft deliveries from 2016 to 2035 is expected to be 28,140, of which the Asia-Pacific region is expected to account for almost 39.65% of the total expected deliveries by 2035. Companies Mentioned Digecor, Inc. Global Eagle Entertainment, Inc. Gogo LLC Honeywell International Inc. Lufthansa Systems GmbH & Co. Kg Onair Panasonic Avionics Corporation Rockwell Collins, Inc. Thales Group Viasat Inc. Zodiac Aerospace Key Topics Covered: 1 Introduction 2 Research Methodology 3 Executive Summary 4 Premium Insights 5 Market Overview 6 Industry Trends 7 Inflight Entertainment (IFE) Market, By Product 8 Inflight Entertainment (IFE) Market, By Aircraft Type 9 Inflight Entertainment (IFE) Market, By Fit 10 Regional Analysis 11 Competitive Landscape 12 Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/t6t9wv/inflight CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Business, Companies, company, Entertainment, fleet, Industry, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Polyethylene Wax Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Next PostNext Global Oil & Gas Pipeline Leak and Theft Detection Market, 2019 By Onshore Vs. Offshore, Location of Application, Source of Revenue, Technology, Method of Leak Detection, Equipment/Device – Research and Markets Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat UAE Industrial Summit Offers Initiative to Promote Global Prosperity - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Crown Prince Chairs Meeting of Hajj Supreme Committee Gulf States: Our Doors Open to Iran on Principle of Good Neighborliness Heavy Weapons Halted in Mosul to Avoid Massacres Tillerson Discusses in Ankara Choice of Syria “Safe Zones” Erdogan Meets US Secretary of State, Urges Use of ‘Legitimate’ Actors in Syria Saudi King Meets China’s Vice-Chairman of Central Military Commission World World Italian Police Arrest 4 over Suspected Venice Terror Plot ‘Brexit’ Begins: The Point of No Return Washington Mulling to Back Down from Muslim Brotherhood Blacklisting 24 Crucial Hours for UK EU Receives Letter from Britain Launching Brexit Westminster Attacker’s Wife Condemns his Killing Spree Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia King Salman Sends Cable of Thanks to King of Jordan KSA, Jordan Sign $1Billion-Worth Trade Agreements King Salman Arrives in Jordan for Arab Summit Saudi Arabia: UK Parliament Terror Attacker Not on Security Radar There Houthis Indoctrinate Sectarianism into Schools, Kill Saudi Soldier in Cross-Border Attack Saudi Arabia Sends Heartfelt Condolences to British PM after London Attack | Opinion Opinion Stop Blaming. Start Governing. When will the War in Yemen End? The Repercussions of Misunderstanding History What You Can Do About Climate Change Jordan between Two Summits Not Leadership Material? Good. The World Needs Followers. Features Features Oldest Arab Universities Founded 1000 Years Ago Breitbart: At the Head of a Media Network Surrounding Trump ISIS Has Growing Number of Sympathizers in Lebanon’s Ain el-Hilweh Camp Questions Rise on Why Some Muslim Converts are Prone to Extremism Naturalization of Syrian Refugees Divides Turkey East Mosul Begins to Bustle as Suffering Worsens in City’s West Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports Jermain Defoe Rolls Back the Years to Show England What They Have Missed Arsenal and Manchester United Likely to Be Crowded Out by the Top Four José Mourinho Thinks Premier League Power is too Divided, but is he Right? Rogues’ Gallery: English Football’s Worst Owners, from Becchetti to Bates Entertainment Coming to Video Games Near You: Depressed Towns, Dead-End Characters The End of In-Flight Entertainment? The Best New Podcasts of 2016 Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 Business UAE Industrial Summit Offers Initiative to Promote Global Prosperity Musaid Al-Zayani21 hours agoMarch 30, 2017 99 Crown Prince Chairs Meeting of Hajj Supreme Committee - Arab Coalition Spokesman: We Will Not Ignore Iran’s Arms Smuggling in Yemen - Gulf States: Our Doors Open to Iran on Principle of Good Neighborliness - Heavy Weapons Halted in Mosul to Avoid Massacres - Tillerson Discusses in Ankara Choice of Syria “Safe Zones” - Study: Legume Consumption Lowers Risk of Diabetes - Taxes Threaten Lebanese Summer Festivals - Jermain Defoe Rolls Back the Years to Show England What They Have Missed - Arsenal and Manchester United Likely to Be Crowded Out by the Top Four - Stop Blaming. Start Governing. Abu Dhabi – Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces, launched the events on the Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Award for Global Prosperity on the occasion of the world Summit on industry and industrialization being held in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. The award is handed out annually to industrial innovations that serve humanity and contribute to a booming global economic prosperity. A UN-backed industrial summit got underway in Abu Dhabi on Tuesday, with speakers highlighting the significance of industrial manufacturing to the growth of the UAE’s economy. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Ruler of Dubai, has contributed to the creation of a culture of innovation at the local and international levels, said Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan. Reviewing accomplishments, Sheikh Mohammed Al Nahyan said they achieve greater and broader horizons and adopt innovation as a way of life for the happiness and prosperity of society. He stressed that it is no longer possible to achieve global economic prosperity and secure a better outlook for future generations without the international community cooperating and adopting a united global vision. International cooperation is key to developing the global industrial sector, especially after being empowered by the tremendous capacities offered by the Fourth Industrial Revolution, which provides opportunities for youth, endorses innovation and promotes development. The summit focuses on bringing together key industry experts and stakeholders to identify fundamental challenges in the manufacturing sector and provide transformational ideas and solutions, along with a vision for the future that supports and benefits the private and public sectors and civil society. Sheikh Mohammed Al Nahyan said that the industrial sector is central to achieving global economic growth, providing job opportunities and improving lifestyle quality. It has been and continues to be a prime catalyst for innovation, creativity and cultural advancement. The event also showcases a series of cross-industry R&D pilot projects that reflect the potential of convergent technologies and that will act as a catalyst to future collaborations and partnerships. Abu Dhabi’s advanced composite aerostructures manufacturing facility Strata Manufacturing, today unveiled plans for its second facility at Nibras Al Ain Aerospace Park. The Strata 2.0 facility will more than double Strata’s existing capacity and sets the company on a firm path towards Abu Dhabi’s long-term goal of achieving economic diversification and driving global competitiveness for the UAE’s manufacturing sector. Located adjacent to Strata’s existing facility, the second site will have a final size of approximately 60,000 sqm, with construction on the Strata facility expected to start in 2018, and set to become fully operational by 2020. The new plant will manufacture two of the most complex work packages that include the horizontal tail plane, HTP, for the Airbus A320 and the vertical fin for Boeing’s B787 airliners. These work packages will be manufactured, fully equipped, tested and delivered directly to the final assembly lines of both Airbus and Boeing. The Strata 2.0 facility will be designed as a “factory of the future” that will feature a range of smart technology solutions and equipment to support Strata’s ambition in becoming one of the top aero-structure companies globally, according to Ismail Ali Abdulla, Deputy CEO of Strata, who was speaking during a roundtable at the Global Manufacturing and Industrialization Summit, GMIS 2017, in Abu Dhabi. Musaid Al-Zayani More Posts Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related Abu DhabiGlobal EconomyIndustrial SummitprosperityUAE Previous ArticleLebanese Army Shells Militant Posts in Arsal OutskirtsNext ArticleSecurity Council Calls on Yemenis to Abide by Ceasefire What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 37725 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 27822 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 24072 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 22540 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 22008 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 237Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated March 31, 2017 8:02 am Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Toyota recalls three million cars worldwide after exploding Takata airbags linked to 16 deaths Mitisubishi cars have also been recalled as part of the car industry’s biggest-ever global recall Naomi Tajitsu Thursday 30 March 2017 08:15 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The airbag inflators made by Takata can explode after prolonged exposure to hot conditions Reuters Toyota is recalling 2.9 million vehicles in Japan, China, Oceania and other regions including its Corolla Axio and RAV4 due to potentially faulty airbag inflators. Fuji Heavy Industries, Mitsubishi and truck maker Hino Motors have also recalled around 240,000 vehicles in the domestic market over inflators made by Takata which can explode after prolonged exposure to hot conditions. At least 16 deaths have been linked to exploding Takata inflators, mainly in the United States, prompting the car industry’s biggest-ever global recall. Read more Toyota invests £240m in UK plant but issues warning over Brexit Global transport authorities consider Takata inflators containing the chemical compound ammonium nitrate to be unsafe if used without a drying agent, and have ordered all of the about 100 million on the market to be withdrawn. Toyota said that recalls were issued for about 1.16 million vehicles sold in Oceania, the Middle East and the carmaker’s smaller markets, while about 750,000 vehicles had been recalled in Japan. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Vehicles sold in North America, Toyota’s biggest market, were exempt from the latest recall, it added. Takata is currently seeking a financial sponsor to help pay for the costs related to the recalls. Last month, it pleaded guilty to a US felony charge as part of a $1bn (£800m) settlement over its faulty inflators. More about: Toyota airbags Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:06 GMT +331 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Blast Hits Northwestern Pakistan: Five People Killed, 40 Wounded Russia Gains Advantage as India’s Aviation Sector Accelerates © Sputnik/ Alexandr Astafiev Asia & Pacific 10:43 30.03.2017(updated 11:00 30.03.2017) Get short URL 11403191 Localizing production line under Make in India initiative puts Russia’s United Aircraft Corporation in advantageous position to tap India’s fast growing civil aviation sector. New Delhi (Sputnik) — India’s emergence as the third largest aviation market in terms of domestic passenger traffic overtaking Japan and now just behind China and the US comes as an opportunity for major aircraft manufacturers, including Russia’s United Aircraft Corporation, which recently expressed its desire to localise some of its production line in India with its local partner Mahindra Aerospace.   © Wikipedia/ Indian Navy India Sanctions Engine Repair Facility for Naval Carrier Aircraft MiG 29KIn its latest report, the Sydney-based think tank Capa – Centre of Aviation said that India with 100 million domestic air passenger traffic in 2016 stood behind only China (436 million) and the US (719 million). India beat Japan (97 million) and claimed third spot for itself. Not only that, India is expected to become the third largest aviation market (both domestic and international passenger traffic) by March next year overtaking the UK, according to Capa. India was projected to emerge as the third largest aviation market by 2020. “India will become the third largest market 2-3 years ahead of what was projected. This is because the growth has been much higher,” said Kapil Kaul, head of Capa India in a press release. Further growth in the sector will not come without investments and capacity expansion, including of aircrafts. The aviation sector is expected to notch investments worth US$ 15 billion by 2020, with about $10 billion alone coming from private sector after relaxation of foreign direct investment norms, says a FICCI-PwC report. © AP Photo/ Manish Swarup India Approves $203 Million to Ramp up Production of Indigenous Combat Aircraft TejasAs more airliners scramble for their share in India’s aviation pie, many of them will expand their fleets. The report expects approximately 300 small aircrafts, 250 helicopters and approximately 300 business jets to be added to the current fleet of Indian carriers in the medium term. This serves an opportunity for all, including Russia’s United Aircraft Corporation, the maker of – the Irkut MC-21, dubbed as a major challenger to Airbus and Boeing. Already the Russian firm has shown its intent to localise its production line with local partner Mahindra Aerospace. The decision was announced during the recent visit of Russian Trade and Industry Minister Denis Manturov. The Indian conglomerate is being considered for partnership for manufacturing parts of the IRKUT-MC21 civil aviation aircraft. "We have a very good example of a modern aircraft, the Sukhoi Superjet project. We are open to both exporting it to the Indian market as well as localizing some of the components production. We are working on another civil aviation project, the MC21 aircraft, which is scheduled to have its first flight soon, and we are having talks with Indian company Mahindra & Mahindra," PTI quoted Manturov who spoke to reporters at the International Engineering Sourcing Show (IESS) organised by EEPC India in Chennai along with Indian Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman. Mahindra Aerospace is already partnering with Russia in the manufacture of the Sukhoi Superjet. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 191 Related: Russian Firm to Deliver $25Mln Worth of Aviation Equipment to India Russia, India sign aviation, anti-drugs, debt agreements Multi-Billion Deal for Purchase of T-90 Tanks Between India & Russia Gather Pace With Russia's Help, India's Fleet of Su-30s is About to Get a Whole Lot Deadlier Tags: aerospace, emergence, market, aviation, aircraft, Russia’s United Aircraft Corporation (UAC), India, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Drain the swamp 12:06 30.03.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete We need more MBA types in Russian state and semi-state industries to shoot for more sales abroad. From rocket engines to kalashnikovs and everything in between, the low ruble has made our products extremely competitive.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:52Russia Hands India Kudankulam NPP's 2nd Unit for Guarantee Maintenance - ASE 09:23Flynn Offers to Testify on Trump Team's Alleged Ties With Russia Under Immunity 09:17Blast Hits Northwestern Pakistan: 30 People Reportedly Wounded 08:50NATO Foreign Ministers to Meet in Brussels Today 08:19China’s Manufacturing PMI For March at 5-Year-High – Statistics BureauAll news US Air Force F-22 Jets Now Armed With New Sidewinder Missiles 8753 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 8138 War in This Mideast Country is 'Becoming a PR Disaster for Saudi Arabia, US' 8004 From Soviet Archives: Rare Photos of McCain During Vietnam War Revealed 7946 Syrian Army Discovers Secret Daesh Weapons Caches in Aleppo 6478All news Washington's Greater Middle East Project 'Aims at Creating Kurdish State' 39 US Senators Get Lesson on Twitter Trolls at Costly Russian Interference Hearing 34 Trump Administration Signals It Won't Seek Assad’s Ouster 33 Blame Game?! US Lawmaker Cites Russian ‘Bots’ for Swing State Losses 33 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Monroe to Kardashian: How Beauty Standards Changed Throughout History And We All Thought Bush Was the Weirdest President Ever ... Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Actuator Systems Market in Aviation worth 1090.9 Million USD by 2021 The report „Actuator Systems Market in Aviation by Product (Electric, Electrohydraulic, Electromechanical, Electrohydrostatic), Application (Flight Control System, Landing Gear, Auxiliary Control), Aircraft Type, End User and Region – Global Forecast to 2021″, The aviation actuator systems market is projected to grow from USD 822.3 Million in 2016 to USD 1090.9 Million by 2021, at a CAGR of 5.82%. Increasing number of aircraft orders, growing trend towards for more electric aircraft (MEA), and increasing demand for automation in aviation industry are some of the key factors expected to drive the global aviation actuator systems market during the forecast period. Download PDF Brochure: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=137846800 Browse 71 market data Tables and 71 Figures spread through 131 Pages and in-depth TOC on „Actuator Systems Market in Aviation – Global Forecast to 2021” http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aviation-actuator-system-market-137846800.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on reports. The electrohydraulic segment to dominate the aviation actuator systems market Aviation actuator systems market is segmented on the basis of product into electric, electromechanical, electrohydraulic, and electrohydrostatic actuators. Electrohydraulic segment dominates the studied market and is expected to continue its dominance over the forecast period. The demand for electrohydraulic actuators is primarily driven by some of its advanced features such as high reliability, effectiveness in handling impulse load, high acceleration & stall torque capability, and simple & low power electronics. The wide body aircraft segment is expected to grow at the highest pace during the forecast period The global aviation actuator systems market has been segmented and analyzed on the basis of aircraft type including narrow body aircraft, wide body aircraft, very large aircraft, transport aircraft, and fighter jets. Wide body aircraft segment is anticipated to grow at the highest pace during the forecast period. It is expected to dominate the market on account of its efficiency and rise in passenger traffic. Increasing connectivity between important geographical locations of developing regions and developed regions has led to the rise in demand for wide body aircraft. The aviation actuator systems market is expected to witness the highest growth in the North American region The aviation industry in North American region has been witnessing strong growth over the past few years, mainly driven by the increasing demand from the major aircraft manufacturers in this region including Boeing and Bombardier. Increasing number of aircraft orders to these manufacturers by major airliners across the globe is expected to propel the market growth during the forecast period. Key players operating in the aviation actuator systems market are United Technologies Corporation (U.S.), Parker Hannifin Corp. (U.S.), Eaton (Ireland), Honeywell International, Inc. (U.S.), and Rockwell Collins (U.S.). Contracts, new product launches, expansions, partnership, collaborations, and agreements are the major growth strategies adopted by the players to strengthen their position in the market. About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the „Growth Engagement Model – GEM”. The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write „Attack, avoid and defend” strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M’s flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, „RT” connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan Markets and Markets  UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ Magarpatta city, Hadapsar Pune, Maharashtra 411013, India 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, attack, Business, Companies, company, defend, Industry, intelligence, major, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious global edible nuts market, estimating global revenues to surpass US$ 100 Bn by 2025 Next PostNext aloe vera extracts market, estimating global revenues to surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
  Universe TodaySpace and astronomy news Login Login Home Members Guide to Space Carnival Photos Videos Forum Contact Privacy The SES-10 satellite was manufactured by Airbus Defence & Space and is based on the Eurostar E3000 platform. It will operate in geostationary orbit.Credit: SES/Airbus Commercial Space, Earth, Falcon 9, Kennedy Space Center, Launches, Space Exploration Technologies, SpaceX SES ComSat Boss Proclaims High ‘Confidence’ in SpaceX’s Bold 1st ‘Flight-Proven’ Rocket Launch – March 30 Article Updated: 30 Mar , 2017 by Ken Kremer The SES-10 satellite was manufactured by Airbus Defence & Space and is based on the Eurostar E3000 platform. It will operate in geostationary orbit. Credit: SES/Airbus CAPE CANAVERAL/KENNEDY SPACE CENTER, FL – As the hours tick down to the history making liftoff of the world’s first recycled rocket, the commercial customer SES is proclaiming high “confidence” in the flight worthiness of the “Flight-Proven” SpaceX Falcon 9 booster that will blastoff with a massive Hi-Def TV satellite for telecom giant SES this Thursday, Chief Technology Officer Martin Halliwell told Universe Today at a media briefing. “We are confident in this booster,” SES CTO Martin Halliwell told me at a press briefing on March 28, regarding SpaceX CEO Elon Musk’s bold vision to slash launch costs by recovering and reusing spent first stage rockets from his firms Falcon 9 launch vehicle. The milestone SpaceX mission destined to refly the first ever ‘used rocket’ is slated for lift off on Thursday, March 30, at 6:27 p.m. EDT carrying the SES-10 telecommunications payload to orbit atop a ‘Flight-Proven’ Falcon 9 rocket from seaside Launch Complex 39A at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. SES-10 is to be the first ever satellite launching on such a SpaceX flight-proven first stage rocket, Halliwell explained. The Falcon 9 was designed from the start of development by SpaceX engineers to be reusable. The nearly six ton satellite will provide significantly improved TV, voice and data service to over 37 million customers in Central and South America. “This thing is good to go!” The Falcon 9 booster to be recycled was initially launched in April 2016 for NASA on the SpaceX Dragon CRS-8 resupply mission to the International Space Station (ISS) under contract for the space agency. Sunset blastoff of SpaceX Falcon 9 carrying SES-9 communications satellite from Space Launch Complex 40 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com The 156 foot tall first stage was recovered about eight and a half minutes after liftoff via a pinpoint propulsive soft landing on an tiny ocean going droneship prepositioned in the Atlantic Ocean some 400 miles (600 km) off the US East coast. The SES-10 launch comes barely 2 weeks after the prior SpaceX launch of EchoStar XXIII on March 16. It also marks the final round of March Launch Madness. Concldung the third and final round of launches this month. Recovered SpaceX Falcon 9 from Thaicom-8 mission after craning off ‘OCISLY’ droneship to ground processing cradle at Port Canaveral, FL. Workers had removed the first of four landing legs in this view from June 3, 2016. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com The booster is one of eight first stages recovered by SpaceX so far, either by landing on a barge at sea or on a landing pad on the ground. “We [SES] have been through this vehicle with a fine tooth comb,” Halliwell elaborated. The boosters are carefully checked and refurbished to confirm their integrity and utility, and the first stage Merlin 1D engines are re-fired multiple times to confirm they will function reliably and robustly. “SpaceX has been through this booster with a fine tooth comb. This booster is a really good booster.” Is this a high risk strategy to be first in line launching an expensive satellite on a used rocket, I asked? Why are you confident? “There is not a huge risk,” Halliwell stated emphatically. “In this particular case we know that the reusability capability is built into the design of the Falcon 9 vehicle. I think its baseline is to fly nine times. We are flight #2.’ “We have tested this thing. We have run the engines up! Halliwell elaborated. SpaceX has run full duration static fire tests as well as shorter 3 to 5 second hold down tests on the pad. Indeed this booster was successfully checked out during a brief engine test lasting approximately five seconds at 2 p.m. today, Monday March 27, with the sudden eruption of smoke and ash rushing into the air over historic pad 39A on NASA’s Kennedy Space Center during a picture perfect sunny afternoon – as I witnessed from Space View Park in Titusville, FL. SpaceX conducts successful static hot fire test of 1st previously flown Falcon 9 booster atop Launch Complex 39A at the Kennedy Space Center on 27 Mar. 2017 as seen from Space View Park, Titusville, FL. History making launch of first recycled rocket is slated for 30 March 2017 with SES-10 telecommunications comsat. Credit: Ken Kremer/Kenkremer.com “We have also looked at the airframe, Halliwell went on. “We have looked at the various components. This thing is good to go.” “We don’t believe we are taking an inordinate risk here.” SpaceX says the cost of a Falcon 9 launch is about $60 million. Halliwell would not disclose the discount SES is receiving for this launch by utilizing a recycled rocket. But SpaceX officials have been quoted as saying the savings could be between 10 to 30 percent. “So with that we can go back to our insurers and we can explain that risk exactly. And we can back it up with analysis and test data. So I don’t agree that we are taking a huge risk here!” Halliwell told me. “From a pricing point of view, the launch cost pricing is really irrelevant. The delta in cost is really not relevant or material.” The payload was encapsulated inside the payload fairing and bolted on top of the Falcon 9. It will be rolled back out to pad 39A overnight Thursday morning and erected. 13 hours of critical checks are needed to insure the satellite is still functioning perfectly after raising at the pad, Halliwell explained. The timeline is tight to get all the required work done in time to carry out a Thursday evening launch. Historic maiden blastoff of SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Launch Complex 39A at the Kennedy Space Center) at 9:38 a.m. EDT on Feb 19, 2017, on Dragon CRS-10 resupply mission to the International Space Station (ISS) for NASA. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com SpaceX, founded by billionaire and CEO Elon Musk, inked a deal in August 2016 with telecommunications giant SES, to refly a ‘Flight-Proven’ Falcon 9 booster. Luxembourg-based SES and Hawthrone, CA-based SpaceX jointly announced the agreement to “launch SES-10 on a flight-proven Falcon 9 orbital rocket booster.” The flight proven SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket will deliver SES-10 to a Geostationary Transfer Orbit (GTO). SES-10 has a launch mass of 5,300 kg or 11,700 pounds, which includes the dry mass and propellant. The spacecraft utilizes for both chemical propulsion for orbit raising and electric propulsion for station keeping. Liftoff of the Falcon 9 carrying the SES-10 telecommunications satellite is now slated for 6:27 p.m. EDT at the opening of the launch window The two and a half hour launch window closes at 8:57 p.m. EDT. SpaceX will webcast the launch live. SpaceX will also attempt to re-land the Falcon 9 first stage for an unprecedented second time, provided there are sufficient fuel reserves remaining after accomplishing its primary mission to delivering SES-10 to GTO, Halliwell stated. SES-10 will replace AMC-3 and AMC-4 to provide enhanced coverage and significant capacity expansion over Latin America, says SES. “The satellite will be positioned at 67 degrees West, pursuant to an agreement with the Andean Community (Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru), and will be used for the Simón Bolivar 2 satellite network.” Up to 3 additional SES satellites could launch on SpaceX Falcon 9 rockets by the end of this year. Stay tuned here for Ken’s continuing Earth and Planetary science and human spaceflight news. Ken Kremer …………. Learn more about SpaceX SES-10, EchoStar 23 and CRS-10 launches to ISS, ULA SBIRS GEO 3 launch, GOES-R launch, Heroes and Legends at KSCVC, OSIRIS-REx, InSight Mars lander, Juno at Jupiter, SpaceX AMOS-6, ISS, ULA Atlas and Delta rockets, Orbital ATK Cygnus, Boeing, Space Taxis, Mars rovers, Orion, SLS, Antares, NASA missions and more at Ken’s upcoming outreach events at Kennedy Space Center Quality Inn, Titusville, FL: Mar 31, Apr 1: “SpaceX SES-10, EchoStar 23, CRS-10 launch to ISS, ULA Atlas SBIRS GEO 3 launch, GOES-R weather satellite launch, OSIRIS-Rex, SpaceX and Orbital ATK missions to the ISS, Juno at Jupiter, ULA Delta 4 Heavy spy satellite, SLS, Orion, Commercial crew, Curiosity explores Mars, Pluto and more,” Kennedy Space Center Quality Inn, Titusville, FL, evenings Video Caption: SpaceX Falcon 9 hot fire test on March 27, 2017 for SES-10 launch on March 30 on KSC Pad 39A. Credit: Jeff Seibert Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related By Ken Kremer  -       Dr. Ken Kremer is a speaker, research scientist, freelance science journalist (Princeton, NJ) and photographer whose articles, space exploration images and Mars mosaics have appeared in magazines, books, websites and calendars including Astronomy Picture of the Day, NBC, FOX, BBC, SPACE.com, Spaceflight Now, Science and the covers of Aviation Week & Space Technology, Spaceflight and the Explorers Club magazines. Ken has presented at numerous educational institutions, civic & religious organizations, museums and astronomy clubs. Ken has reported first hand from the Kennedy Space Center, Cape Canaveral, NASA Wallops, NASA Michoud/Stennis/Langley and on over 70 launches including 8 shuttle launches. He lectures on both Human and Robotic spaceflight - www.kenkremer.com. Follow Ken on Facebook and Twitter Finite Light — Why We Always Look Back In Time How Long is a Year on Uranus? Elon Musk, Falcon 9 rocket, Featured, GTO, gwynne shotwell, kennedy space center, KSC, pad 39A, SES, SES-10, SES-9, SpaceX Related posts SpaceX Accomplishes American ‘Science Triumph’ with ‘Mind Blowing’ Historic 2nd Launch and Landing of Used Rocket Solar Probe Plus Will ‘Touch’ The Sun The Ever-Working Mars Orbiter Passes 50,000 Orbits 3 Responses SteveZodiac says: March 30, 2017 at 10:56 AM The prospect of a used spacecraft dealer now looms! Log in to Reply danR2 says: March 30, 2017 at 1:55 PM ‘Only 4000 miles on this baby…’ Log in to Reply danR2 says: March 30, 2017 at 1:51 PM “Concldung the third…” How on earth do such things get past the spellcheck phase? Hopefully the booster got a better checkout. Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Comments RSS Feed Subscribe to Universe Today via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 6,318 other subscribers Email Address Solar System The Sun Mercury Venus Earth Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune Pluto © Copyright 2017    Universe Today TOP Powered by Fraser Cain Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Close Help make Universe Today better today! See no ads, get videos early, hang out with the team
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Mar 31, 2017-Friday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re IPL in Days Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Indian Navy bids farewell to TU-142M aircraft after 29 years of service india Updated: Mar 30, 2017 10:48 IST IANS, New Delhi Navy Chief Admiral Sunil Lanba at the de-induction of India's long range maritime patrol aircraft, TU-142 M, at the INS Rajali naval air station in Arakkonam on March 29, 2017.(PTI) After dominating the skies above the seas for 29 years, the Indian Navy’s TU-142M aircraft were given a ceremonial farewell on Wednesday at the INS Rajali, India’s premiere Naval Air Station in Arakkonam, Tamil Nadu. “The ceremony was attended by Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Sunil Lanba, Vice Admiral HCS  Bisht, Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Eastern Naval Command, and serving and retired officers and men, who have served in the INAS 312 (the squadron of TU-142M),” the Indian Navy said in a statement. Lauding the stellar role played by the TU-142M aircraft as a Maritime Reconnaissance and Airborne Anti Submarine Warfare aircraft, Admiral Sunil Lanba recollected “the crucial role played by the squadron in Operation Cactus in the Maldives, where fleeing mercenaries were detected and tracked till they were apprehended by Indian warships.” He also mentioned the maiden participation by TU aircraft as the first Indian Naval aircraft in the Republic Day flypast of 1999. Acknowledging the professionalism of the pilots and maintainers, who kept the aircraft in peak efficiency during their long service, Lanba said: “The rich legacy of the squadron would continue as the baton is being passed on to the proud crew of the worthy successors, viz. the P-8I squadron.” Family members of Navy personnel pose for a photograph in front of TU-142M during its de-induction on Wednesday. (PTI) In the farewell flight, the TU-142M were accompanied by three Chetak helicopters, two Dorniers, one IL-38 and one Boeing P-8I. In appreciation of its service, a TU static display was also inaugurated by the Navy chief at INS Rajali. During its three decades of operational service, the aircraft participated in all major exercises and operations including Operation Cactus in the Maldives, Op Vijay in 1998, Op Parakram in 2002 and anti-piracy operations from 2011 till date. Commander Yogender Mair, the last Commanding Officer of the squadron with TU-142M aircraft handed over the reins to Commander V Ranganathan, who will be the first Commanding Officer of the squadron with the Boeing P-8I aircraft. P-8I is the third type of aircraft, after the Lockheed L1049G Super Constellation and the TU-142M aircraft, to be operated by INAS 312. P-8I, considered one of the most advanced maritime reconnaissance aircraft, was inducted in 2015. tags TU-142M aircraft Indian Navy Admiral Sunil Lanba INS Rajali Op Cactus more from india Yogi Adityanath’s appointment as UP chief minister worries Kashmir ahead of by-elections Mar 31, 2017 08:04 IST While you were away: Top 10 stories to bring you up to date Mar 31, 2017 07:58 IST Not a Drop to Waste- A Water Day Infographic Partnered Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Yogi Adityanath’s appointment as UP chief minister worries Kashmir ahead of by-elections Mar 31, 2017 08:04 IST While you were away: Top 10 stories to bring you up to date Mar 31, 2017 07:58 IST NGT issues notices to Centre, pollution board on 9-yr-old’s plea over climate c... Mar 31, 2017 07:42 IST This Diwali, lead-free paint will be a national norm Mar 31, 2017 07:17 IST Madrasa students in MP to be taught why they should be loyal to their country Mar 31, 2017 07:15 IST Co-ed engineering institutes will now include transgenders as well Mar 31, 2017 07:04 IST Danielle, found dead near Palolem beach in Goa, laid to rest in Ireland Mar 31, 2017 07:00 IST Ex-NSA Michael Flynn offers to testify in Russia probe in return for immunity Mar 31, 2017 08:33 IST Deposed South Korean president Park Geun-hye arrested, jailed after long saga Mar 31, 2017 08:23 IST US names Islamic State fighters, British cleric to ‘terror’ blacklist Mar 31, 2017 07:24 IST Russian President Putin says climate change not man-made Mar 31, 2017 07:17 IST Cyprus businessman suing Buzzfeed for unproven Trump dossier Mar 31, 2017 07:21 IST Danielle, found dead near Palolem beach in Goa, laid to rest in Ireland Mar 31, 2017 07:00 IST Several hurt in clashes at Turkey’s Brussels consulate, say police Mar 31, 2017 01:43 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi JNU teachers say cuts in number of MPhil, PhD seats in university unconstitutional Mar 31, 2017 07:45 IST This Jharkhand former cop’s son is a rich gangster with assets worth Rs 50 crore Mar 31, 2017 07:03 IST ‘Maharashtra govt needs to check what went wrong with FYJC admissions last year’ Mar 31, 2017 00:57 IST Soon, heritage walks around South Mumbai . Mar 31, 2017 07:55 IST ₹1.5-lakh stents will now cost ₹7K: Maharashtra govt Mar 31, 2017 00:38 IST Despite NEET, Maharashtra test for engineering and pharmacy sees only marginal drop... Mar 31, 2017 00:37 IST 1.2K guards to man 14 medical colleges in Maharashtra Mar 31, 2017 07:55 IST Maharashtra government to probe illegal tree cutting since 2010 Mar 31, 2017 00:30 IST BMC budget rationalised, now for accountability Mar 31, 2017 00:27 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Heat waves will singe India soon. But most cities clueless about tackling it Mar 30, 2017 22:18 IST Nikki Haley is right. Gender discrimination is a reality in Indian judiciary Mar 30, 2017 21:14 IST Yogi Adityanath’s anointment will consolidate resurgent Hindu vote bank in UP Mar 31, 2017 07:34 IST Why concerns about an India-Pakistan nuclear war are highly exaggerated Mar 31, 2017 07:27 IST The Mental Health Care Bill covers many gaps in treatment and services Mar 29, 2017 16:59 IST Pakistan ride on Shadab Khan show to take 2-0 lead in T20 Series vs West Indies Mar 31, 2017 08:39 IST PCB mulls legal action against BCCI for refusing to play bilateral series Mar 31, 2017 00:28 IST IPL 2017: Sunrisers Hyderabad likely to miss services of Mustafizur Rahman Mar 30, 2017 23:24 IST Losing Quinton de Kock, JP Duminy big blow for Delhi Daredevils: Rahul Dravid Mar 30, 2017 22:57 IST West Indies vs Pakistan 2nd T20I score, Port of Spain: PAK beat WI Mar 31, 2017 08:26 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Pakistan ride on Shadab Khan show to take 2-0 lead in T20 Series vs West Indies Mar 31, 2017 08:39 IST Afghanistan knock India out of Emerging Teams Cup; Bangladesh vs Pakistan tied Mar 31, 2017 00:29 IST Saina Nehwal, PV Sindhu set up quarterfinal blockbuster at India Open badminton Mar 31, 2017 00:22 IST PCB mulls legal action against BCCI for refusing to play bilateral series Mar 31, 2017 00:28 IST IPL 2017: Sunrisers Hyderabad likely to miss services of Mustafizur Rahman Mar 30, 2017 23:24 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Game of Thrones season 7: The first glorious new promo is finally here Mar 30, 2017 23:23 IST Kim Kardashian copies mom Kris Jenner on Instagram Mar 30, 2017 21:27 IST The Mindy Project to end after sixth and final season Mar 30, 2017 21:20 IST Is Zac Efron’s Baywatch body fake? Priyanka Chopra thought so too Mar 30, 2017 21:11 IST Karishma Sharma: Yeh Hai Mohabbatein star’s sexiest Instagram photos Mar 30, 2017 21:45 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch There is more trust, less jealousy in consensual open relationships, finds study Mar 31, 2017 08:24 IST Loss of teeth, gum disease in postmenopausal women signals increased death risk Mar 30, 2017 21:23 IST Beware, Hepatitis B, C may increase the risk of Parkinson’s disease Mar 30, 2017 21:23 IST Denim trends you need to watch out for your summer wardrobe this year Mar 30, 2017 19:53 IST Eat peanuts with your meals to prevent heart attack risk Mar 30, 2017 19:06 IST Snapdeal’s boardroom battle among investors hits its funding Mar 31, 2017 07:56 IST BS-III ban: Up to Rs 20K discount on two-wheelers, Rs 50K-1L off on cars as automakers... Mar 31, 2017 07:29 IST High-value funds transferred electronically could also come under scrutiny Mar 31, 2017 07:23 IST Demonetisation: People stuck with scrapped notes hope for another deposit window Mar 31, 2017 07:36 IST India, Korea to cooperate on startups, tech transfer Mar 31, 2017 07:46 IST NGT asks oil cos to stop plying BS-I, BS-II vehicles in NCR Mar 30, 2017 20:12 IST How India quietly pulled up Amazon over doormat insulting national flag Mar 31, 2017 07:48 IST Twitter eases 140-character limit in replies Mar 31, 2017 07:32 IST Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ launch: Hits and fails of the new smartphone Mar 30, 2017 16:13 IST Samsung Galaxy S8,S8+ launch: Unique, top features and should you buy it? Mar 30, 2017 14:51 IST Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ launched: Here is how much the phones will cost you? Mar 30, 2017 10:29 IST Samsung DeX PC dock launched with Galaxy S8, S8+: What is it and how to use? Mar 30, 2017 10:12 IST In Pics: Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ with Bixby assistant and DeX launched Mar 30, 2017 10:27 IST Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+, DeX, new Gear 360,Connect Home: Launch highlights Mar 30, 2017 10:21 IST JNU teachers say cuts in number of MPhil, PhD seats in university unconstitutional Mar 31, 2017 07:45 IST Here’s how 28 Indian varsities made it to subject-wise Top 500 rankings Mar 30, 2017 20:21 IST Faridkot medical college gets 45 more PG seats, Patiala GMC gets five Mar 30, 2017 23:39 IST Skill development ministry to set up separate education board for Industrial Training... Mar 30, 2017 19:32 IST ‘Suicide city’ Kota’s new preventive tactic is ceiling fans with springs, sirens Mar 30, 2017 20:33 IST Skulls, noose, mice and Gandhi: Tamil Nadu farmers’ innovative protest for... Mar 30, 2017 17:30 IST In pics: MPs play football to promote U-17 Fifa World Cup 2017 Mar 29, 2017 21:20 IST Driven by passion classical instrument makers struggle to continue... Mar 29, 2017 13:41 IST Navratri 2017: Festival of nine nights begins Mar 29, 2017 08:55 IST Kashmir encounter: 3 civilians killed in Chadoora Mar 28, 2017 18:43 IST Teacher thrashed for allegedly assaulting students in Odisha Mar 30, 2017 16:42 IST Last day to deposit demonetised notes Mar 30, 2017 12:35 IST Eight coaches of Mahakaushal Express derail near Kulapahar, UP Mar 30, 2017 12:22 IST 2 dead after massive inferno at Kolkata’s plush hotel Mar 30, 2017 11:52 IST Ban on slaughterhouses in UP forces meat sellers to shut shop and sell tea Mar 30, 2017 11:20 IST ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout The story behind Snapdeal's increasing cart of woes Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #GrowMyMoney #TravelCafe News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks-business Mar 30, 2017 09:14 AM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com Hot stocks: Geojit Financial has recommended a buy call on these three scrips Cadila Healthcare, Bharat Forge and Bharat Electronics are on its radar. Geojit Financial Services recommends the following stocks: Bharat Electronics  | Rating: BUY                                Bharat Electronics (BEL) is a Navaratna enterprise having 37 percent market share in Indian Defence Electronics. BEL’s core capabilities are in radar and weapons systems, defence communication & electronic warfare. BEL's current order book is at Rs 33,806 crore, which is 4.7 times FY16 sales, provides strong revenue visibility for next four years. The current trend of strong order intake is expected to continue going for next few years given likely finalization of a few of the large orders like LRSAM, MRSAM and Akash system. To benefit from the government's higher focus on Make in India and higher indigenous procurement given its strong execution capabilities, technological tie-ups with a higher focus on R&D. Given shift of business towards system integration, margins are expected to improve going forward. We maintain a buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1,761. Bharat Forge | Rating: Hold                            Bharat Forge (BFL) is a leading player in the forgings industry serving several sectors including automobile, power, oil and gas, rail & marine, aerospace, construction, mining etc. We expect the domestic auto segment to register double digit growth on the back of improved demand from the OEM's. BFL's order from Boeing for developing and manufacturing 777x titanium forgings will start reflecting in its revenue from FY19 estimates. The company is eyeing for 100-200 percent volume growth in defence space by 2020. The long term growth outlook remains robust on the backdrop of improved revenue visibility. We expect 13 percent revenue CAGR over FY17-19E led by pick in domestic CV market and de-risking the utilization in non-auto sector. Cadila Healthcare | Rating: BUY Cadila Healthcare (Cadila) is India’s leading vertically integrated pharmaceutical company. With its presence across the value chain, it manufactures finished dosage forms, active pharmaceutical ingredients, animal healthcare products and wellness products. The recent clean chit given to the Moraiya facility (60 ANDA's pending for approval from this plant) and acquisition of specialty player in pain therapy in the US (Sentynl, annual sales of USD 58 million) will drive overseas growth (US contributes 42 percent of consolidated revenues). Domestic business continues to be on strong footing with a diversified portfolio and dominant presence in categories such as cardiac, anti infective and respiratory. The company is well positioned to leverage the volume-driven growth in the domestic pharma space through new product launches, penetration into tier II towns & increasing sales force productivity.With, robust US pipeline and a strong earnings growth trajectory, we estimate revenue/PAT growth at a CAGR of 11.5 percent/14.4 percent over FY16-19E and expect the stock to sustain premium valuations as compared to it’s peers. tags #Bharat Electronics #Bharat Forge #Cadila Healthcare #Companies #Fundamental picks #Stocks Views Related news Business Like Adani Enterprises, Ambuja Cements; support for Bharti Infratel around Rs 315: Prakash Gaba Mar 31, 2017 12:16 PM Business Change in transaction charges revenue neutral but India at par with the World: BSE Mar 31, 2017 11:57 AM Business Buy Reliance Infrastructure, RCF, LT Foods: Sandeep Wagle Mar 31, 2017 11:36 AM Business Buy State Bank of India on dips, Infibeam may slip to Rs 1013: Mitessh Thakkar Mar 31, 2017 11:24 AM Business Jindal Steel and Power, Deep Industries look good: Prakash Gaba Mar 31, 2017 10:58 AM Business Bad loans: Govt may crack down on 5-10 top wilful defaulters Mar 31, 2017 10:20 AM Business Ashok Leyland may break below Rs 81, test Rs 76; JSPL to remain range bound: Mitessh Thakkar Mar 31, 2017 10:07 AM Business Punjab National Bank looks interesting, State Bank of India may hit Rs 310: Mitessh Thakkar Mar 31, 2017 09:56 AM Business Here are some fundamental ideas from Deven Choksey Mar 31, 2017 09:41 AM News Most Popular Top News Maybe it's time for hostile takeovers; govt must back honest risks: Uday Kotak D-Mart bumper listing: Should you buy, book profits or hold shares? Govt wants to ban cash transactions above Rs 2 lakh Will auction Aamby Valley if Rs 5,000 cr not paid: SC to Sahara Market Live: Nifty under pressure, Midcap outperforms; metals stocks shine Tepid listing: CL Educate share price opens at Rs 402, falls 20% Forget Sensex or Nifty, these top ten sectors likely to sizzle in FY18 Govt to announce revised allowances as per 7th Pay Commission in April see more Video of the day See opportunity in future M&As; like PSU banks, but be choosy: Sundaram MF Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Gamechanger Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch Power your Ttade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » Power Your Trade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Friday March 31, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Hunter Breakfast | Thursday, March 30, 2017 30 Mar 2017, 6:43 a.m. Your morning news snapshot from around the Hunter, regional Australia and beyond. Hunter roads: All Hunter roads are clear. Hunter trains: There is a good service on the Hunter line and the Central Coast and Newcastle line. Hunter weather: Cloudy and rainy day for Newcastle strong winds (26 degrees), Raymond Terrace is in for a cloudy day with showers (24 degrees), cloudy for Maitland with showers and possible thunderstorms (26 degrees) and a partly cloudy with showers in the afternoon for Scone (26 degrees). Hunter beachwatch: The day should start off quite okay but things will deteriorate as the day progresses. The wind will be warm north to north-west at first but a southerly change will move along the coast during the afternoon. The swell is from the east around half to one metre but is expected to increase in size quite quickly late in the day. For a surf this morning try the Cowrie Hole, Newcastle, Bar Reef, The Cliff and Redhead in the city. To the south try Hams, Catho, Frazer Park and Soldiers and at Port Stephens try Samurai and Birubi. Maybe try some of the protected southern corners once the wind goes southerly. Most beaches are good for a swim but some heavy edges will develop later. The water temperature is 22 degrees.  ► IT started between one-time mates, included a shooting, turned into mass defections, led to a wild street brawl and has festered into highly dangerous tit-for-tat attacks between now feuding gangs. More here. ► Felicity and Gwyn Williams decided to finally take control of their energy bills four years ago by installing 20 solar panels on the roof of their late-1800s Mayfield Federation-style home. More here. ► NEWCASTLE clinicians are at the forefront of what is being dubbed “practice-changing” research in the treatment of prostate cancer, with the results of a new clinical trial showing treatment times can be halved without adverse affects on patients. More here. ► INDEPENDENT MP Greg Piper says Lake Macquarie City Council should “step up” and do more to help dozens of land buyers in the stalled Bunderra Estate development. More here. ► IT shapes as the game that could tempt Jack Bird to become the highest-paid player in Newcastle’s history, or alternatively convince him to steer well clear of the rebuilding Knights. More here. ► JOIN Tony Butterfield and Josh Callinan for a quick set of the week's big rugby league issues.  More here. ► NEWCASTLE City Council has called for greater clarity on the role of the Hunter Development Corporation in making planning decisions in the city. More here. ► THE RSPCA will not prosecute a Fullerton Cove boarding kennel for animal cruelty, after autopsy results ruled out heat stress as the cause of death for a popular Fern Bay greyhound. More here. ► CANDID Newcastle captain Nigel Boogaard says that jobs deserve to be on the line after a string of poor results ended the Jets’ finals hopes. More here. ► THE HUNTER now has its own ghost-busting team. Scott Faulkner and Nick Potts have founded East Coast Paranormal Investigations.  More here. ► UNIMAGINABLE.  That’s how Newcastle writer Greg Ray described the horror of 60,000 dead Australians in World War I, a figure he said was unfathomable in today’s times. More here. ► A steel plate left on the New England Highway at Maitland caused havoc and some costly repairs for Maitland motorists on Tuesday. More here. ► Speculation international fashion retailer H&M will set up shop in the $412 million Stockland Green Hill’s redevelopment has prompted a huge community reaction on social media. More here. ► Muswellbrook woman Anna Periscal managed to snap a picture with Arnold Schwarzenegger this month. The photograph was taken at the Arnold Classic in Melbourne and it got us thinking about celebrity selfies… So we dredged up this gallery of our favourite celebrity selfies taken by people from across the Hunter. More here. ► Maitland and the wider Hunter are about to be pounded with heavy rain, flash flooding  and wild winds as the aftermath of Cyclone Debbie heads south. More here. ► A program has been launched at Lake Haven to help Indigenous job seekers find a job they will be passionate about. More here. ► POLICE are appealing for information following an alleged armed robbery in San Remo overnight. More here. ► Raymond Terrace body builder Andi Condon has placed second in the grand masters category of the Arnold Classic and it has only fueled his hunger to win. More here. ► Port Stephens Council has refused to back down on code of conduct proceedings against Cr Geoff Dingle. More here. ► Doctors have told Anna Bay’s Tania Clark to get her affairs in order but she’s more determined to make sure future cancer patients have an easier run. More here. Need a national news snapshot first thing - well, we have you covered. Regional news ►LAUNCESTON: If you’re looking to expand your family, a happy cow might be just what you were looking for.  A curious ad appeared on the online buy-and-sell site Gumtree on Tuesday evening advertising an Ashgrove Farm ‘happy cow’ was going free to a good home. Read more. ►BALLARAT: The thunder of hooves and the crash of timber on armour will fill the grounds of Kryal Castle this weekend as our Australian jousters take on their New Zealand counterparts in the Tasman Shield International Jousting Tournament. Ballarat veteran Phillip Leitch is joining compatriots Cliff Marisma and Andrew McKinnon to combat the NZ team of Jezz Smith, Vikki Subritzy and Simon Neilsen. Read more. ►MANDURAH: In the wake of recent statistics showing a significant increase in the number of people taking methamphetamines and seeking help for drug addiction, the Palmerston Association is set to roll out a comprehensive community response to meth for families and individuals in the Peel region. A recent secret test of wastewater undertaken by the Australian Criminal Intelligence Commission has shown a significant rise in the amount of people addicted to methamphetamines. Read more. ►NEWCASTLE: THE RSPCA will not prosecute a Fullerton Cove boarding kennel for animal cruelty, after autopsy results ruled out heat stress as the cause of death for a popular Fern Bay greyhound. The death of Baron the greyhound on December 28 sparked outrage among animal lovers, after Fern Bay man Nathan Wilson publicly criticised Jane’s Pet Resort following the death of his beloved pet, believing the dog died of dehydration and heatstroke while in the boarding kennel’s care. Read more. ►WOLLONGONG: Kevin Condon's is not the face you usually see splashed across a news story about vaccination. It's usually a chubbier, more youthful visage. About seven decades more youthful. The babies and preschoolers of parents opposed to vaccinations are the unrivalled targets of government and media focus surrounding immunisation rates. But the children of anti-vaxxers and vaccine-hesitant people form a tiny subset of Australia's under-vaccinated population. Read more. ►GRIFFITH: A convicted killer who's been on the run since skipping a Melbourne court date seven years ago has reportedly been seen in NSW. Police say Graham Gene Potter was spotted in Griffith twice in July 2016 - once in a shop and another at a gym. There were reports of possible sightings in August last year, but Victoria Police have released more information about the fugitive and his movements. Read more. ►TASMANIA: Alisha Powell and her mum Cherie Mackean were heartbroken when they discovered two kittens fighting for their lives at Cataract Gorge.  The pair were about to begin their morning run when Ms Powell heard screeching from the bushes.  “We thought it was a bird,” she said. Read more. ►MURRAY BRIDGE: There are more than 2,300 little corella sites across South Australia, according to a study released this month by Discovery Circle, an initiative of the University of South Australia. The statewide report aimed to identify steps, based on research and consultation with the public, to help reduce issues with little corellas. Read more. National news ► Bronwyn Bishop has avoided a planned review of her use of entitlements over the last 10 years by cutting short her participation in the investigation, which had already led to the former Speaker repaying taxpayers $6700 for costs related to her attending her colleague's weddings and Kerry Packer's funeral. Read more. ►A convicted murderer who attempted to sue the NSW prisons boss over his incarceration in Goulburn's Supermax prison has been shot in Sydney's west. Emad Sleiman was shot in the chest and leg inside an Auburn apartment block at 9.20pm on Wednesday. Read more. ►A man has died and another man is seriously injured in hospital after their car crashed following a police pursuit in the NSW central west. Both men were ejected from the car in the single vehicle crash in South Bathurst, near the intersection of Lloyds Road and Vale Road, police said The car was being pursued by police moments before the driver lost control just after 1pm on Wednesday. Read more. ►There is more to income inequality than the famed 1 per cent versus the 99 per cent or standing chief executive officers next to average workers. Inequality in wages, new research has found, is increasingly defined by where you work not what your job title is. Read more. National weather radar World news ► BANGKOK: Cambodian authorities have permanently banned the sale and export of human breast milk after suspending exports from a US company that has been collecting it from impoverished mothers for more than two years. The ban has put the spotlight on a global trade in breast milk to other mothers, bodybuilders, cancer patients and breast-milk fetishists. Read more. ► PERU: A Boeing jet operated by Peruvian Airlines caught fire on Tuesday while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru after it swerved on the runway, but there were no serious injuries, a government minister said. Peruvian Airlines said in a statement that the Boeing 737-300 jet drove off the runway for unspecified reasons during the scheduled landing, after swerving to the right. It said that all 141 people on board the flight, which originated in Lima, were evacuated safely. Read more. ► LONDON: London: In the day of terror that besieged Westminster just seven days ago, one particular eyewitness account stood out as especially horrific. "I saw a body fall into the water," a horrified worker who had been sitting on Parliament's balcony told Fairfax Media. An hour earlier he had seen the horror Khalid Masood was able to unleash in just 82 seconds, beginning at 2.40pm. Read more. On this day 1461 –  The armies of two kings, Henry VI and Edward IV, collide at Towton. 1827 –  Composer Ludwig van Beethoven is buried in Vienna amidst a crowd of over 10,000 mourners. 1867 –  The United States purchases Alaska from Russia for $7.2 million dollars. 1886 –  Coca-Cola goes on sale for the first time at a drugstore in Atlanta. Its inventor, Dr. John Pemberton, claims it can cure anything from hysteria to the common cold. 1903 –  A regular news service begins between New York and London on Marconi's wireless. 1936 –  Italy firebombs the Ethiopian city of Harar. 1941 –  The British sink five Italian warships off the Peloponnesus coast in the Mediterranean. 1951 –  The Chinese reject Gen. Douglas MacArthur's offer for a truce in Korea. 1962 –  Cuba opens the trial of the Bay of Pigs invaders. 1967 –  France launches its first nuclear submarine. 1973 –  The last U.S. troops withdraw from South Vietnam. 1976 –  Eight Ohio National Guardsmen are indicted for shooting four Kent State students during an anti-war protest on May 4, 1970. 1986 –  A court in Rome acquits six men in a plot to kill the Pope. Faces of Australia  Ryker Harris – Ryker Harris pushes and barters with his parents just like any other three-year-old but unlike his peers he battles every day with a genetic disorder called Meier-Gorlin Syndrome. His mother Lana Stewart said Ryker was diagnosed within four hours of birth as one of about 53 individuals worldwide with this syndrome.  “To have this syndrome you need three things, small ears, no kneecaps and short stature,” she said. Read more. Latest News Sirens sound in Lismore as levee cracks and city floods Andrew McManus walks free over suitcase full of cash Long wait over for Tupou Renewed Hawks back home to play premiers The best of Herald Instagram shots | photos Editor's Picks A gentle man who endured with dignity The Elf on the Shelf in the Hunter | PHOTOS Extra-supermoon rising this month | photos Popular Hearts are locked and loaded Searching for some Hunter hearts of gold A whole lotta love hearts A gentle man who endured with dignity Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive The Hunter’s best restaurants in pictures | photos CHECK out the top picks from our Weekender diners. Muswellbrook Art Prize 2017 CAST your vote in the Muswellbrook Art Prize People's Choice award. The best of Herald Instagram shots | photos The Hunter as captured on the smartphones of Fairfax photographers. The week that was March 25 - March 31 | photos Photos from around the Hunter’s top news websites. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport 90Minutes Red and Blue HQ Tipping Competition Soccer NRL National Sport AFL Basketball Tournaments Racing Form Fishing Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Opinion Liz Love Eats Out Column of the Day GREG RAY: Pictures of the Past Community Events Photo Sales Competitions Find Local Products & Services Newspapers in Education Forms Local Business Feature The Man on the Street Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Hunter Health Kick Kilgour Prize Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Theatre Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive The Herald TV Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 29 °C 14 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 32 °C 16 °C Pretoria, South Africa 22 °C 12 °C Cape Town, South Africa 32 °C 21 °C Durban, South Africa 31 °C 14 °C Mbombela, South Africa 31 °C 16 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 31 °C 15 °C Polokwane, South Africa 26 °C 16 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 29 °C 17 °C East London, South Africa 36 °C 17 °C Upington, South Africa 31 °C 14 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story Pravin Gordhan removed as Finance Minister Story Cabinet reshuffle: Meet SA's new ministers Story Ford extends recalls to include Fiesta ST Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Brazil aerospace sector seeks to dodge economic turbulence Money Thursday 30 March 2017 - 1:37am The the E195-E2 commercial jet's first prototype is pictured in Sao Jose dos Campos, Brazil, March 7, 2017. Photo: Reuters RIO DE JANEIRO - Brazil may be in the midst of an economic storm, but sitting back in a leather seat on Embraer's latest luxury jet, Gustavo Teixeira says the aviation industry is dodging the turbulence. The crisis "is on our radar but hasn't hurt us," the Embraer executive said in an interview aboard a glistening Legacy 500 jet displayed at the inaugural International Brazil Air Show, held at Rio de Janeiro's Tom Jobim Airport. Brazil, Latin America's biggest economy, may be best known right now for a deep recession, political instability and a mammoth corruption scandal ripping through the political leadership. But the first ever Rio air show, backed by Airbus, Saab, Lufthansa, the IATA travel industry association and other international players, hopes to show that aviation opportunities in Brazil and across Latin America are sky high. "This is the right time. During a crisis, you need to bring people together," Paula Faria, director of the air show, told AFP. According to the Brazilian Aviation Institute, two years of recession have taken a measurable toll. The country's fleet of commercial planes fell from 727 to 686 in 2016, while the overall stock of planes rose just 0.1 percent to 21,895. However, the aviation institute's president, Francisco Lyra, said the industry is "resilient" and that Brazil is a sure bet when it comes to air travel investment. "In a continent-sized country the only practical, efficient way of travelling is by plane," he said in a speech. Think globally Embraer is the third biggest aeroplane manufacturer after Boeing and Airbus, an unusually prominent Brazilian high-tech success story with a strong line in executive jets. Speaking aboard the Legacy 500, which seats up to 12 passengers and has a $21.5 million price tag, Teixeira said the secret was having a global footprint. Embraer exports about 90 percent of its production and the biggest market is North America, so while "there's a regional component, it doesn't have a big impact," said Teixeira, sales director for Latin America. "When Brazil's credit rating went down, Embraer's credit rating remained at investment level. People understand the quality of our product, the quality of our service and they understand that we are a global player." Rafael Alonso, Airbus president for Latin America and Caribbean, told AFP that while airlines were looking to delay new Airbus deliveries because of falling passenger numbers, Latin America's growing middle class means plenty of potential for the European giant. "Brazil has just had its biggest crisis in history but we are seeing signs of recovery and the indicators are starting to look a bit more optimistic," he said.  "Brazil is a country with currently less than 0.5 (air) trips per inhabitant and we predict that by 2035, this will more than double." Teixeira said small, nimble executive jets will also continue to take off. Even if they seem like the ultimate luxury, in huge countries like Brazil business leaders may find them a necessity. "Brazil has 5,500 municipalities and of these, about 130 are served by commercial aviation," he said. "But if I'm not from these 130, how am I going to get around?" AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES Brazil to challenge Canada over Bombardier subsidies 19 December 2016 Brazil's Embraer, a direct competitor with Bombardier in the executive jet market, welcomed the move. KLM to buy Embraer planes for intra-Europe service 30 March 2015 The 17 aircraft from the Brazilian manufacturer will cost R9,2bn and will be used by KLM's regional subsidiary, Cityhopper. Brazil's Embraer eyes bigger defense role 14 April 2013 Embraer, the world's third largest commercial aircraft maker, wants to boost its presence in the lucrative defense sector, with strong support from Brazil's government. Trending 1Cabinet reshuffle: Meet SAs new ministers 2LIVE BLOG: Pravin Gordhan removed as Finance Minister 3UPDATE: Rand takes biggest weekly dive since 2015 4ICYMI: Gigaba replaces Gordhan in cabinet reshuffle 5Maimane calls on Parliament to axe Zuma Full coverage Zuma reshuffles cabinet List of new ministers 'came from somewhere else': Mantashe Ahmed Kathrada 1929 - 2017 Official memorial service for Kathrada to take place in Soweto The Trump Presidency Former Trump advisor Flynn offers testimony for immunity: report Guard our children Child trafficking: 15 cases thwarted this year View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 13.4542 -0.6015 GB Pound 16.7758 -0.7183 Euro 14.3742 -0.5905 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 53.07 1.2 Gold $ 1243 -0.39 Platinum $ 946.5 -0.68 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 45220.38 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 52261.18 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 31787.67 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON 24h Live Stream DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
× Thank you for Reading. Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Purchase a Subscription × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 39° Overcast Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Partly cloudy and windy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Gusty winds during the evening. Low around 30F. Winds WNW at 25 to 35 mph. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph. Updated: March 30, 2017 @ 11:35 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Close 1 of 5 Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News John Esch, the director of Air Force Plant 42 in Palmdale, said the facility does a lot of testing there for the military. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Edwards Air Force Base is a place for innovation. This test dummy was configured to be able to change direction for a safe landing upon ejection from a plane. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Chris Klug, a senior civilian technical adviser to the 412th test wing, described how drones are being used at EAFB at a recent media roundtable. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Edwards AFB Brigadier General Carl Schaefer discusses what could happen if privately owned drones invaded the base's air space. jbnelson Tony Rubino, the range squadron director for the 412th Test Wing at EAFB, tells how innovation is key at the base. Edwards AFB: A place where 'we want innovators to innovate' BY JILL BARNES NELSON jbnelson@tehachapinews.com jbnelson Mar 30, 2017 Updated 3 hrs ago Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News John Esch, the director of Air Force Plant 42 in Palmdale, said the facility does a lot of testing there for the military. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Edwards Air Force Base is a place for innovation. This test dummy was configured to be able to change direction for a safe landing upon ejection from a plane. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Chris Klug, a senior civilian technical adviser to the 412th test wing, described how drones are being used at EAFB at a recent media roundtable. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Edwards AFB Brigadier General Carl Schaefer discusses what could happen if privately owned drones invaded the base's air space. jbnelson Tony Rubino, the range squadron director for the 412th Test Wing at EAFB, tells how innovation is key at the base. EDWARDS AFB — They do more than just test fighter planes. Many of the ideas for the future are hatched at the base and at Air Force Plant 42 in Palmdale, leaders of those operations shared at a recent media roundtable held here. “We have a lot of innovation here,” said Anthony “Tony” Rubino, who is the range squadron director for the 412th Test Wing at EAFB. “We're sort of like Silicon Valley where new ideas are formed and tested." Or, as he put it, the base can sometimes be like the television show “Shark Tank.” Rubino said there are 45 programs in the works, testing out ideas. “We have panels that investigate and accelerate moving forward on those ideas if we think it's necessary, like they do on 'Shark Tank.' We want innovators to innovate.” Rubino reported one “innovator,” Trever Bush, discovered a better way to recover test dummies ejected from a jet. “Trever devised a new steering system on the test dummy so when ejected, it could safely land without much damage,” Rubino said. “A $6,000 test dummy can now be recovered for just a cost of $1,600 with new equipment, and the cost should go down in the future.” In addition to new innovations, everyday problems also are being addressed. James Judkins, the base's head civil engineer, is working on getting a 350-megawatt solar plant at Edwards. There currently are three facilities of five megawatts each on site. “We're working with public and private partnerships to possibly sell back some of the electricity,” he said. Judkins also noted the base has conserved water like other areas around the region. “We cut down our water consumption by some 40 percent,” he said. “We want to be good neighbors and be as green as we can.” Chris Klug serves as a senior civilian technical adviser to the 412th Test Wing. He described how drones are used. “They're helping us perform our missions more efficiently,” he said. “We're exploring the technology. It could hold tremendous potential and could be used in weapons. Right now is a time of unprecedented change in testing those technologies.” Brigadier General Carl Schaefer of the 412th Test Wing was asked about possible encroachment of civilian drones on the base. “They are a concern as anyone can buy one,” he said. “They are not allowed to invade our airspace and we could detain that person if they do. However, right now we have nothing in place concerning the rules of engagement. We couldn't just shoot it down, but we're looking into the different issues concerning them.” Schaefer also reported the Air Force has a “very robust” cyber defense mechanism in place. “We're very well defended on the ground and on-board,” he said. “But we're always checking our 50 major weapon systems.” John Esch is the director of Air Force Plant 42, a 5,600-acre facility in Palmdale. It does a lot of testing for such things as the aircraft, security, communications and logistics. “We are a unique asset,” he said. “We have some 8,500 contract and government personnel working here. We also work with NASA. It's an exciting place to be.” Esch noted the Air Force has never actually built a plane; companies such as Boeing and Northrop-Grumman do, but his base does much of the testing on new aircraft. “We're always moving things along,” he said. “We try to make everything more efficient.” Like other military facilities, Esch said they are working on the infrastructure at Plant 42. “The original facility was built some 57 years ago and (there) is a need for a reinvestment in it,” he said. “We working on a budget plan and with the FAA to bring us into the next generation.” More information +4 Edwards AFB looks to the future EDWARDS AFB — If you use the GPS on your cell phone, you can thank the Air Force. jbnelson Follow jbnelson Close Get email notifications on jbnelson daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever jbnelson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow jbnelson Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles The last whistle: Model train store Trains, Etc. set to close April 30 Concern grows as theft, vandalism hit area TUSD board takes no action on teacher contract at board meeting Edwards AFB looks to the future THS cheer team displays 'big heart' at USA Spirit Nationals Tehachapi Save Mart renovations nearly complete Timeout: Shaq statue gets maybe a little too much unveiling Tehachapi's Macias punches his way to 15-0 on national TV PHOTO GALLERY: Spring has sprung — the flowers say so Tehachapi Mountain Bike Team takes first place Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Sponsored Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Friday, March 31, 2017 Home World War & Peace Economy Climate Rights Solutions U.S. Canada Medicare for All! The 'Morally Obscene' Trump Budget Trump Resistance TrumpCare Falls Making America Insecure Again Published on Thursday, March 30, 2017 by TomDispatch Making America Insecure Again On national (in)security and what the Trump presidency really means for Americans at the edge by Rajan Menon 0 Comments Expect President Trump to dwell obsessively on threats that have a low probability of harming Americans, while offering no effective solutions for the quotidian hardships that actually do make so many citizens feel insecure. (Photo: Pixabay/CC0) Donald Trump’s supporters believe that his election will end business as usual in Washington. The self-glorifying Trump agrees and indeed his has, so far, been the most unorthodox presidency of our era, if not any era. It’s a chaotic and tweet-driven administration that makes headlines daily thanks to scandals, acts of stunning incompetence, rants, accusations, wild claims, and conspiracy theories.  On one crucial issue, however, Trump has been a complete conformist. Despite the headline-grabbing uproar over Muslim bans and the like, his stance on national security couldn’t be more recognizable. His list of major threats -- terrorism, Iran, North Korea, and China -- features the usual suspects that Republicans, Democrats, and the foreign policy establishment have long deemed dangerous. Trump’s conception of security not only doesn’t break the mold of recent administrations, it’s a remarkably fine fit for it.  That’s because his focus is on protecting Americans from foreign groups or governments that could threaten us or destroy physical objects (buildings, bridges, and the like) in the homeland.  In doing so, he, like his predecessors, steers clear of a definition of “security” that would include the workaday difficulties that actually make Americans insecure.  These include poverty, joblessness or underemployment, wages too meager to enable even full-time workers to make ends meet, and a wealth-based public school system that hampers the economic and professional prospects, as well as futures, of startling numbers of American children. To this list must be added the radical dangers climate change poses to the health and safety of future citizens. Trump may present himself as a maverick, but on security he never wavers from an all-too-familiar externally focused and militarized narrative. Conjurer-in-Chief Barack Obama wrote a bestselling book titled The Audacity of Hope.  Perhaps Donald Trump should write one titled The Audacity of Wealth.  During the presidential campaign of 2016 he morphed unashamedly from plutocrat to populist, assuring millions of people struggling with unemployment, debt, and inadequate incomes that he would solve their problems.  The shtick worked.  Many Americans believed him. Fifty-two percent of voters who did not have a college degree chose him.  Among whites with that same educational profile, he did even better, winning 67%of their votes. Unemployment, underemployment, stagnant wages, and the outsourcing of production (and so jobs) have hit those who lack a college degree especially hard.  Yet many of them were convinced by Trump’s populist message.  It made no difference that he belonged to the wealthiest 0.00004% of Americans, if his net worth is the widely reported $3.5 billion, and the top 0.00002% if, as he claims, it’s actually $10 billion. Former Louisiana Governor Huey Long, perhaps the country’s best-known populist historically speaking, was born and raised in Winn Parish, a poor part of Louisiana.  In the 1930s, his origins and his far-reaching ideas for redistributing wealth gave him credibility.  By contrast, Trump wasn't cut from humble cloth; nor in his present reincarnation has he even claimed to stand for the reallocation of wealth (except possibly to his wealthy compatriots).  His father, Fred Trump, was a multimillionaire who, at the time of his death in 1999, had a net worth of $250 million, which was divided among his four surviving children.  The proportional allocations are not publicly known, though it’s safe to assume that Donald did well.  He also got his start in business -- and it wasn’t even an impressive one -- thanks to lavish help from Fred to the tune of millions of dollars.  When he subsequently hit rough patches, Dad’s connections and loan guarantees helped set things right. A man who himself benefited handsomely from globalization, outsourcing, and a designed-for-the-wealthy tax code nonetheless managed to convince coal miners in West Virginia and workers in Ohio that all of these were terrible things that enriched a "financial elite" that had made itself wealthy at the expense of American workers and that electing him would end the swindle. He also persuaded millions of voters that foreign enemies were the biggest threat to their security and that he’d crush them by “rebuilding” America’s military machine.  Worried about ISIS? Don’t be.  Trump would “bomb the shit out of them.”  Concerned about the nuclear arms race?  Not to worry.  “We’ll outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all.” Yet few if any Americans lie awake at night fearing invasion by another country or the outbreak of nuclear war.  Fifteen years after 9/11, terrorism still ranks high on the American list of concerns (especially, the polls tell us, among Republicans).  But that danger is not nearly as dire as Trump and the U.S. national security state insist it is.  A litany of statistics shows thatdeaths from car crashes leave death-by-terrorist in the dust, while since 2002 even bee, hornet, and wasp stings have killed more Americans annually in the United States than “Islamic terrorists.” Since 9/11, only 95 Americans -- 95 too many, let it be said -- have been killed in terrorist attacks in the U.S.  Not one of the perpetrators was a tourist or someone on another type of temporary visa, and several were non-Muslims.  Nor were any of them refugees, or connected to any of the countries in Trump's two Muslim bans.  Indeed, as the journalist Nick Gillespie notes, since the adoption of the 1980 Refugee Act no refugee has been involved in a terrorist attack that killed Americans.  Still, Trump’s hyperbole has persuaded many in this country that terrorism poses a major, imminent threat to them and that measures like a 90-day ban on travel to the United States by the citizens of certain Muslim countries will protect them.  (A recent poll shows that 54% of the public supports this policy.)  As for terrorist plots, successful or not, by white far-right extremists, the president simply hasn’t felt the urge to say much about them. In other words, President Trump, like candidate Trump, embraces the standard take on national security.  He, too, is focused on war and terrorism.  Here, on the other hand, are some threats -- a suggestive, not inclusive, list -- that genuinely make, or threaten to make, millions of Americans insecure and vulnerable. Poverty: According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2015, 43 million Americans, 13.5% of the population, lived below the poverty line ($11,700 for an individual and $20,090 for a three-person household) -- an increase of 1% since 2007, the year before the Great Recession.  For children under 18, the 2015 poverty rate was 19.7%.  While that was an improvement on the 21.1% of 2014, it still meant that nearly a fifth of American children were poor. The working poor: Yes, you can have a job and still be poor if your wages are low or stagnant or have fallen. The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) uses a conservative definition for these individuals: “People who spent at least 27 weeks in the labor force during the year -- either working or looking for work -- but whose incomes were below the poverty level.” Though some studies use a more expansive definition, even by the BLS’s criteria, there were 9.5 million working poor in 2014. Even if you work and bring in wages above the poverty line, you may still barely be getting by.  Oxfam reports that 58 million American workers make less than $15 an hour and 44 million make less than $12 an hour.  Congress last raised the minimum hourly wage to $7.25 in 2007 (and even then included exceptions that applied to several types of workers).  That sum has since lost nearly 10% of its purchasing power thanks to inflation. Wage stagnation and economic inequality: These two conditions explain a large part of the working-but-barely-making-it phenomenon.  Let’s start with those stagnant wages.  According to the Economic Policy Institute (EPI), for about three decades after World War II, hourly wage increases for workers in non-supervisory roles kept pace with productivity increases: at 91.3% and 96.7%, respectively.  Then things changed dramatically.  Between 1973 and 2013, productivity increased by 74.4% and wages by only 9.2%.  In other words, with wages adjusted for inflation, the average American worker made no more in 2013 than in 1973.  As for economic inequality, the EPI reports that from 1980 to 2013 the income of the top 1% of wage earners increased by 138% compared to 15% for the bottom 90%.  For those at the lowest end of the wage scale it was even worse. In those years, their hourly pay actually dropped by 5%. When was the last time you heard Donald Trump talk about stagnant wages or growing economic inequality, both of which make his most fervent supporters insecure? In reality, the defunding of federal programs that provide energy subsidies, employment assistance, and legal services to people with low incomes will only hurt many Trump voters who are already struggling economically. Climate change: There is a scientific consensus on this problem, which already contributes to droughts and floods that reduce food production, damages property, and threatens lives, not to speak of increasing the range of forest fires and lengthening the global fire season, as well as helping spread diseases like cholera, malaria, and dengue fever.  Trump once infamously described climate change as a Chinese-fabricated “hoax” meant to reduce the competitiveness of American companies.  No matter that, in recent years, the Chinese government has taken serious steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.  Now, President Trump is gearing up to take the U.S. out of the climate change sweepstakes entirely. For instance, he remains determined to withdraw the country from the 2015 Paris Agreement (signed by 197 countries and so far ratified by 134 of them) aimed at limiting the increase in global temperature to a maximum of two degrees Celsius during this century.  Scott Pruitt, his appointee to run the Environmental Protection Agency, denies that climate change is significantly connected to “human activity” and is stocking his agency with climate change deniers of like mind. Needless to say Pruitt didn’t balk at Trump’s decision to cut the EPA’s budget by 31%. Nor do Trump and his team favor promoting alternative sources of energy or reducing carbon emissions, even though the United States is second only to China in total emissions and among the globe’s largest emitters on a per-capita basis. Trump seems poised to scale back President Obama’s plan to increase the Corporate Annual Fuel Efficiency Standard -- created by the government to reduce average automobile gas consumption -- from the present 35.5 miles per gallon to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025, end the 2015 freeze on leases for coal mining on federal land, and ease power plant emission limits. Worse yet, Trump’s America First Energy Plan calls for producing more oil and gas but contains nary a word about climate change or a green energy strategy. If you want a failsafe formula for future environment-related insecurity, this, of course, is it. Bogus Remedies Candidate Trump certainly did tap into a deepening sense of insecurity about wage stagnation, the disappearance of good working-class jobs, and increasing economic inequality.  But in the classic national security mode, he has artfully framed these problems, too, as examples of the economic hardship that foreign countries have inflicted on America. And the four remedies he offers, all rooted in a nationalistic economic outlook, won’t actually help American workers, could hurt them, or are at best cosmetic. First, he favors renegotiating multilateral trade deals like NAFTA and wasted no time withdrawing the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, accords which he believes hurt American workers.  Second, he wants to impose tariffs of 35% to 45% on imports from countries such as Mexico and China that he accuses of unfair trade practices. Third, at least on the campaign trail he pledged to punish countries like China, Japan, and Germany for supposedly devaluing their currencies in order to boost their exports unfairly at America’s expense.  Fourth, he’s high on slapping a border tax on companies that import from their branches or subcontractors abroad the components needed to make products to be sold in the United States, as well as on firms that simply import finished products and sell them locally. Some of these punitive moves, if actually pursued, will only provoke retaliation from other countries, harming American exporters and consequently the workers they employ.  Tariffs will, of course, also increase the cost of imported goods, hurting consumers with low incomes the most, just as taxing U.S. corporations for importing from their subsidiaries abroad will increase the prices of locally made goods, possibly reducing demand and so jobs.  Even the nullification of trade pacts, whatever positives might be involved, won’t bring industries like steel, textiles, and basic machine-making that once provided good jobs for the working class back to the United States.  Trump blames China for the decline in manufacturing employment, as does one of his top economists, Peter Navarro.  (Despite holding a Harvard Ph.D. in economics, Navarro evidently doesn’t grasp that trade deficits don’t have a major effect on employment and that protectionism doesn’t cut trade deficits.) What’s really requiredare policies that help displaced manufacturing workers to get decent jobs now, while addressing wage stagnancy, which has been significantly aided and abetted by a sharp decline in union membership in recent decades.  According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, between 1983 and 2015 membership in public-sector unions held reasonably steady.  Not so for private-sector union membership, which plunged from 12 million in 1983 to 7.6 million in 2015.  As a result, workers have been increasingly incapable of combatting wage stagnation through collective bargaining.  Tellingly enough, however, as of 2015, the median weekly paycheck of unionized workers was still 21% larger than that of workers who did not belong to a union.  Consider Trump’s business history when it comes to labor (including the hiring and stiffing of undocumented workers), as well as the make up of his immensely wealthy, GoldmanSachs-ified economic team, and the Republican Party’s attitude toward unions.  Then ask yourself: How likely is it that this administration will be well disposed toward unionization or collective bargaining? And don’t forget automation, a subject Donald Trump has essentially been mum about.  It has contributed decisively to job loss and wage stagnancy by reducing or even eliminating the need for labor in certain economic sectors.  As economists Michael Hicks and Srikant Devraj have demonstrated, increased productivity through automation has been far more crucial in reducing the need for human labor in U.S. manufacturing than outsourced jobs and imports.  Thanks to labor-displacing technologies, U.S. manufacturing output actually increased in value by 17.6% between 2006 and 2013 while the workforce continued to shrink. Another source of wage stagnancy is rising economic inequality, which stems partly from the fierce corporate focus since the 1980s on boosting quarterly earnings and paying dividends that will keep shareholders happy, even if that requires incurring debt, rather than increasing workers’ wages. Alternative Policies Trump claims that he will create more jobs by lowering the corporate tax rate.  At 35% -- 38.9% including the average state tax -- the American corporate tax rate is significantly higher than the global average (29.5%).  Nonetheless, the familiar high-corporate-taxes-kill-jobs narrative that Trump trumpets is simplistic. More than 60% of American companies are so-called S corporations.  They pay no corporate tax: they pass their profits on to stockholders who then report the gains when filing income tax returns.  And even the corporations that do pay taxes manage to reduce the burden significantly through such steps as claiming accelerated depreciation on equipment and establishing offshore companies whose books reflect their profits.  As a result, their true tax rate isn’t anything like 38.9%.  High corporate taxes aren’t what stops companies from creating jobs or paying workers more, which means that changing that rate won’t fix any problems, not for American workers anyway. There are other solutions to low wages and unemployment, even if President Trump will never favor them.  Investing more in public education, for example.  Local property taxes and state monies still count heavily in funding public schools. (Federal support is less than 15%.)  So the quality of a school can depend greatly on the zip code in which it’s located, especially because parents in wealthy neighborhoods normally raise more money to help their schools than their non-affluent counterparts can.  School quality can also depend on how wealthy your state is. Though other factors doubtless play a role, in general, the better the quality of the school, the greater the likelihood that a child will go to college and the stronger his or her income and prospects will be.  Increasing federal funding to schools that lack adequate resources could improve matters.  But if you expect President Trump and Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos to consider such a proposition, think again. Raising the minimum wage significantly could also help reduce income inequality and the number of working poor. Democrats have favored raising the minimum wage to $10.10, which, it is believed, would reduce the number of people living in poverty by an estimated 4.6 million.  That’s hardly an outlandish proposal.  Some experts, like former Labor Secretary Robert Reich, have called for a minimum wage of $15 an hour, though they are in the minority.  But even certain mainstream economists, like Princeton’s Alan Krueger, support a $12 rate and reject the right-wing claim that it would kill jobs. Don’t expect the Trump administration (or the GOP) to push for any form of such a policy. Take a look at the members of the president’s Strategic and Policy Forum (SPF), whose duties include providing advice on job creation, and you'll realize that such a relatively modest goal will be off the table for at least the next four years.  You’ll find representatives from the Blackstone Group, Walmart, IBM, General Motors, Boeing, and General Electric in the SPF, but not one labor advocate.  Case closed.  Prepare for Business as Usual The net worth of Trump’s cabinet (the president excluded) is $5 billion, and that’s a conservative estimate (no pun intended).  By some calculations, it may be $13 billion.  According to Politifact’s Tom Kertscher, that “modest” $5 billion figure exceeds the net worth of the bottom one-third of all American families.  Now, what likelihood do you think there is that Trump would ever implement policies that threatened to transform the distribution of wealth and power in America to the detriment of the economic class from which he and his cabinet hail?  (In that spirit, remember that candidate Trump proposed a tax plan that would focus on the wealthiest Americans by cutting the top tax rate from 39.6% to 25% and eliminating the estate tax, 90% of which is paid by the country’s wealthiest 10%.) It’s much easier to scapegoat outsiders, whether China, Japan, Mexico, and Germany (whose government Trump trade adviser Navarro has also accused of currency manipulation), or undocumented workers who generally hold jobs in the U.S. that require lower skills, pay less, and that most American citizensavoid.  It’s also easier to stick with the standard militarized conception of national security and, for good measure, hype the perils posed by Islam, which for Steve Bannon, Trump’s chief political strategist, and Stephen Miller, his senior adviser on policy, amounts to a synonym for extremism and violence, even if Islamic terrorists pose the most miniscule of threats to most Americans.   Not surprisingly, Trump proposesto increase the country’s already staggering defense spending for next year by another $54 billion.  To put that increment in perspective, consider that Russia’s total defense spending in 2015 was $66 billion and Britain’s $56 billion, while the United States already spends more on defense than at least the next seven countries combined.  (In fairness to Trump, Senators John McCain and Mac Thornberry, respectively the chairmen of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the House Armed Services Committee, want to bulk up the defense budget even more.) Trump also seems determined to stay the course on America’s forever wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. Neither he nor his generals show any sign of abandoning the Obama-era strategy of whack-a-mole drone strikes and raids by Special Operations forces against terrorist redoubts around the world (as witness a recent failed special ops raid in Yemen and 24 drone strikes -- half of the maximum number that the United States launched against that country in any preceding year). Trump has already deployed 400 Marines as well as Army Rangers to fight ISIS in Raqqa, Syria, and another thousand troops may soon be heading that way.  And General John Nicholson, commander of the US-led military coalition in Afghanistan, has called for “a few thousand” additional troops for that country. So expect President Trump to dwell obsessively on threats that have a low probability of harming Americans, while offering no effective solutions for the quotidian hardships that actually do make so many citizens feel insecure. Expect, as well, that the more he proves unable to deliver on his economic promises to the working class, the more he’ll harp on the standard threats and engage in saber rattling, hoping that a continual atmosphere of emergency and vulnerability will disarm critics and divert attention from his failures.  In the end, count on one thing: voters who were drawn to Trump because they believed he would rein in interventionism abroad and deal with festering problems at home are in for a disappointment. © 2017 TomDispatch.com Rajan Menon Rajan Menon is Anne and Bernard Spitzer of International Relations at the Powell School, City College of New York/City University of New York. He is a senior research fellow in the Saltzman Institute of War and Peace Studies at Columbia University. He is the author, most recently, of The Conceit of Humanitarian Intervention (Oxford University Press, 2016). Share This Article More in: U.S. , Inequality, Donald Trump, Healthcare, Poverty, Workers Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Join the resistance! Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Rajan Menon Making America Insecure Again Robert C. Koehler How Many Civilians Can We Kill? Chase Strangio Don’t Be Fooled by North Carolina, There Is No Repeal of The Anti-Trans HB2, Only More Discrimination. Amy Goodman, Denis Moynihan In Trump’s America, Your Privacy Is for Sale Steven Singer Newsflash! Betsy DeVos Opens Mouth. Nonsense Falls Out Dana Drugmand Green Jobs and Intergenerational Justice: Trump’s Climate Order Undermines Both Tom Engelhardt Running Over Future Generations Christopher D. Cook Trump’s Labor Nominee, Alexander Acosta, Is More Dangerous than You Think Helena Norberg-Hodge Trump Trauma Peter Frumhoff The House Science Committee’s Shameful Climate Sideshow Ralph Nader Crash of Trumpcare Opens Door to Full Medicare for All Glenn Greenwald To Serve AT&T and Comcast, Congressional GOP Votes to Destroy Online Privacy More Views News That Matters Nunes Intel Came From White House, Raising 'Profound Questions' RESIST DAY #70: What You Can Do Today VP Pence Casts 'Awful' Tie-Breaking Vote to Defund Critical Family Planning Program Lawsuits Pile Up, Resistance Revs Up Against Trump's KXL Order Americans Aghast As Fate of Internet Privacy Rests in Trump's Hands Oklahoma Bar Launches Investigation to Determine If Trump's EPA Chief Lied Under Oath Watch: Bernie Sanders Talks 'Dark Money' with Journalist Who Literally Wrote the Book On It Bannon May Have Violated Ethics Pledge by Talking to Breitbart: CREW With Schools-as-Uber Analogy, Betsy DeVos Exposes Ignorance—Again Advocates Cry Foul as NC Lawmakers Pass 'Bait and Switch' HB2 Deal More News Further On April, Maxine, Melania and Susan B. Anthony, Who - Note to Our Clueless Loser - Yeah We've Heard Of Tough call, but Most Gag-Inducing Moment of an ignoble week has to be the sordid spectacle of the Pussy-Grabber-In Chief smugly blathering about his respect for women's achievements as his enabler-in-chief reads words about gender empowerment and "respect for people from all backgrounds" - all as white guy cohorts mock two high-achieving black women for their hair and uppitiness. We drown in irony; nevertheless, we persist in counting on the thousands of women newly running for office. Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Jobs Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster / General Info 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Science & Environment » Space ﻿ Spacewalk mishap: Astronauts lose important piece of space station's protective shielding By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Thursday, March 30, 2017 - 23:44 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment (Image for representational purposes only) Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: During Thursday's spacewalk, a regular event in support of space station assembly and maintenance, an essential piece of cloth shielding needed for the ISS went astray. NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson, who was conducting the spacewalk along with Shane Kimbrough, reported the mishap immediately to Mission Control, which was able to track the adrift cloth bundle. NASA said it would be monitored to make sure it doesn't come back and hit the station. It is highly unfortunate that the accident happened midway through Peggy Whitson's record-setting spacewalk, the eighth of her career, thereby making her the only spacewoman with the maximum number of spacewalks. As per an Associated Press (AP) report, there was frustration in Whitson's voice as she spoke to Mission Control, informing them about the setback. The piece of shielding the astronauts lost, protects against micrometeorite debris and was one of four pieces that Whitson and Kimbrough were installing over the spot left by a relocated docking port. NASA spokesman Dan Huot said the three remaining shields were installed to cover the most vulnerable spots, the report said. He further stated that it was not immediately clear who let the shield go or how it got away; it's supposed to be tethered to the station or spacewalker at all times. This is not the first time spacewalkers have lost objects during a spacewalk. However, usually the items are small, like bolts. In 2008, an astronaut lost her entire tool kit during a spacewalk, the AP report recalled. According to NASA, each fabric shield weighs 18 pounds. When unfolded, it is about 2 inches thick and measures about 5 feet by 2 feet. The entire 250-mile-high space station is protected, in some fashion, against possible debris strikes. During last Friday's spacewalk, Kimbrough – the space station's commander and six-time spacewalker – disconnected the docking port for flight controllers in Houston, who moved it to a new and better location on Sunday. It will serve as one of two parking spots for commercial crew capsules under development by SpaceX and Boeing. The spacewalkers hooked up vital heater cables to the docking port and removed a cover from the top. Then they turned to the shields, and that's when one of the folded coverings got away, the report further added. Mission Control instructed the astronauts to retrieve the cloth cover just removed from the docking port, and try to fashion it over the gaping hole left by the lost shield. First Published: Thursday, March 30, 2017 - 22:23 More from zeenews   India Malaysian PM on 5-day India visit, business, defence, infra projects on talks table China hopes New Delhi will cancel Dalai Lama's activities in India: Envoy Can't use astrologers, tarot readers for result prediction to bypass ban on exit polls: EC More from India World Indonesia police arrest five ahead of demonstration: TV One Foreigners in Japan face significant levels of discrimination: Survey 2 Indians abducted in South Sudan released: Sushma Swaraj More from World Sports Former UEFA chief Michel Platini lashes out at Sepp Blatter FIFA reveals proposed slots for 48-team 2026 World Cup EPL Preview: Premier League top-four rivals turn for home More from Sports Entertainment Intention behind ‘Maatr’ is not commercial success, says Raveena Tandon Priyanka Chopra vouches for ‘Baywatch’ co-star Zac Efron's abs 'Naam Shabana' movie review: As good as 'Baby', Tapsee Pannu’s film grips you More from Entertaiment Health This new genetic scoring technique can predict reading ability through DNA Research shows that dopamine levels fall during migraine attack People exposed to electromagnetic fields at double the risk of developing ALS More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed CBI confirms Delhi health minister Satyendra Jain's indulgence in Hawala business Watch: CM Yogi Adityanath's first speech in UP Assembly house Should army take strict action against stone pelters of J&K? Etawah: UP cops caught drunk while on duty DNA: Reason behind electricity crisis in India despite being power surplus nation Left to die on road, pregnant Lucknow woman writes to PM Narendra Modi to end 'triple talaq', says 'I voted for BJP' The Kapil Sharma Show: No Sunday episode this weekend? Here’s why India vs Australia: Virat Kohli takes reconciliatory path, says his friendship comment was 'blown out of proportion' Sunil Grover joining AIB? Here’s the truth Reliance Jio closes in on 50 million paid users Related News Spacewalkers successfully connect adapter for commercial crew flights - Watch NASA's Cassini spacecraft captures 'Earhart' propeller in Saturn's A ring Have you ever imagined astronauts video-conferencing from space? Scientists say it's possible NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter completes 50,000th orbit of Red Planet ISS astronauts Shane Kimbrough, Peggy Whitson to conduct second spacewalk on Thursday! TAGS NASA spacewalk International Space Station ISS Peggy Whitson Shane Kimbrough Spacewalk mishap Space news Photos Reliance Jio Prime Membership Expires today Stunning Instagram Photos of Celebrities DAY IN PICS - 31 March 2017 Top Videos UP meat sellers may call off strike after meeting with CM Adityanath DNA: Sachin Tendulkar and Rekha under fire over low attendance in Rajya Sabha When will Muslim women be relieved from triple talaq? Watch: CM Yogi Adityanath's first speech in UP Assembly house More from other Sections Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Shaharyar Khan resigns After Virat Kohli, another blow for RCB: KL Rahul out of IPL 2017 with shoulder injury Sunil Grover back as Dr Mashoor Gulati but not in ‘The Kapil Sharma Show’? Karan Johar shares glimpse of babies’ nursery designed by Gauri Khan Summer diet tips: What to eat and drink during a heatwave Are your eggs safe to eat? 'Artificial eggs' made out of 'plastic' sold in Kolkata market contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info Careers WHERE TO WATCH Partner Site: DAILY NEWS AND ANALYSIS news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Science US astronaut breaks record for most spacewalks by a woman US astronaut breaks record for most spacewalks by a woman The goal of the spacewalk is to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. By: AFP | Miami | Published:March 30, 2017 10:19 pm US astronaut Peggy Whitson(AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool) American astronaut Peggy Whitson made history when she floated outside the International Space Station today, breaking the record for the most spacewalks by a woman. Whitson, 57, is making her eighth career spacewalk, surpassing the record of seven previously held by American Suni Williams. The spacewalk formally began at 7:29 am (local time) when Whitson and Shane Kimbrough switched their spacesuits to battery power before venturing outside the airlock and into the vacuum of space. “Be safe and enjoy your time out,” said French astronaut Thomas Pesquet as the hatch opened. “I will be waiting for you.” The goal of the spacewalk is to continue upgrading the International Space Station for the arrival of commercial spaceships in the years to come. Today’s walkabout is the second in a series of three spacewalks to outfit the exterior of the orbiting outpost with parking spots for a new generation of space taxis ferrying astronauts to the station. SpaceX and Boeing are currently designing crew vehicles that will begin flying people to the ISS as early as next year. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Best of Express Two Indian nationals abducted in South Sudan released, tweets Sushma Swaraj EntertainmentNaam Shabana movie review: Why action heroine Taapsee Pannu needs 'big bro' Akshay Kumar? EntertainmentBaahubali 1 earned Rs 600 crore but made zero profit. The reason is Baahubali 2 EntertainmentSunil Grover returns as Mashoor Gulati, Rinku Bhabhi but not on Kapil Sharma Show EntertainmentKaran Johar reveals his baby nursery made by Gauri Khan. Here are the beautiful pics Must Read SportsPost Ind-Aus, 'Friendship' talk continues into IPL SportsSindhu, Saina set up monumental clash at Siri Fort SportsKL Rahul set to miss IPL 2017: Reports TechnologyReliance Jio Prime offer deadline ends today: Three points to keep in mind  Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ are here: Infinity Display to Bixby, the key features TechnologyMTNL's counter to Jio: 2GB data per day, call benefits for Rs 319 LifestyleTop 5 wanderlust destinations for Delhiites to get away from the summer heat in April Mar 31: Latest News Heavy discounts on bikes, rush at showrooms as auto companies offload BS-III vehicles PV Sindhu vs Saina Nehwal: Previous battle, head-to-head, everything you need to know Miami Open: Alexander Zverev, Nick Kyrgios involved in feisty encounter over dodgy line call Shilpa Shinde files defamation case against three film and TV associations Ayodhya dispute: What is your locus standi, SC asks Subramanian Swamy, refuses to expedite case                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
About News Articles Equipment Directory Books Journals More... Videos Software Contact Newsletters Search Advertise Videos Software Market Reports Contact Newsletters Advertise Search Facebook Twitter Google Plus Become a Member Search Menu Posted in | Consumer Robotics Swinburne-Sponsored Robocats Team Succeeds in FIRST Robotics Competition Download PDF Copy Request Quote Published on March 30, 2017 at 8:29 AM Written by AZoRoboticsMar 30 2017 An all-girls team sponsored by Swinburne's Innovation Precinct has won the South Pacific Regional of the FIRST Robotics Competition. The RoboCats team travelled to Sydney Olympic Park to compete in the South Pacific Regional. (Credit: Swinburne Univeristy of Technology) The RoboCats are made up of 17 girls from Melbourne high schools aged 14–18 based at Swinburne’s Factory of the Future. The RoboCats finished the competition as a part of the top ranked alliance and have been invited to compete in the championships in Houston, Texas. The team was led by Dr Therese Keane, Deputy Chair of Education at Swinburne, and Swinburne alumnus Milorad Cerovac. Related Stories More than 20,000 Students Test their Engineering Skills at Annual Robotics Event Swinburne's Robotic Innovations to be Displayed at Student Project Showcase Over 10,000 Students from Around the Globe Test Robotic Skills at 2013 FIRST Championship “I am very proud of the girls and their achievement this year, and the effort they have put into the build sessions during their school holidays and weekends,” Dr Keane says. The team had six weeks to to design, build, program and drive a robot, according to this year’s theme, Steamworks. The robot had to deliver plastic balls and gears to prepare an airship for launch. “It was a rewarding experience for the girls, their parents, mentors, Swinburne staff and alumni,” Dr Keane says. “It will be a good experience for the girls to go to the championships and see what it is like to compete against 600 teams.” Dr Keane was awarded the prestigious Woodie Flowers Finalist Award, which celebrates effective communication in the art and science of engineering and design. The award recognises a mentor who has done an outstanding job of motivating and encouraging their team with the use of effective communication. “We thank our sponsors, particularly Swinburne’s Innovation Precinct, Ford, BAE Systems, Boeing, Salesforce, Invetech and Rockwell Automation for their generous support with the RoboCats,” Dr Keane says. The RoboCats will be competing at the championships in Houston on 19–22 April. Source: http://www.swinburne.edu.au/ Download PDF Copy Request Quote Comments Tell Us What You Think Do you have a review, update or anything you would like to add to this news story? Cancel reply to comment Leave your feedback Login     (Logout) Public Comment Private Feedback to AZoRobotics.com Submit Latest interviews Featured equipment Trending stories Automated Robots for the Land Mining Industry Matthew Rendall Matthew Rendall, CEO at Clearpath Robotics talks to AZoRobotics about automated robots for the land mining industry. Elderly Care Robot Antonio Espingardeiro Antonio Espingardeiro, PhD student at the University of Salford talks to AZoRobotics about the P37 S65 Elderly Care Robot. Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Myomectomy Dr. Antonio R. Gargiulo Dr. Antonio R. Gargiulo, Medical Director of the Center for Robotic Surgery of Brigham and Women’s Health Care in Boston, Massachusetts talks to Kal Kaur at AZoRobotics about Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Myomectomy. Ruggedized High-Resolution IP67 LWIR Camera - Xenics Serval-640-GigE Serval-640-GigE Imaging is a high-resolution LWIR camera designed for reliable and long-term stable operation under harsh environmental conditions. It has a compact, reliable, and ruggedized design, making it suitable for in-line process and quality control in extreme industrial conditions. From Xenics 6-Axis Nano-Robotics Precision Positioning Stage, PIMars P-562 from PI PI’s 6-Axis nanopositioning stage offers motion in six degrees of freedom with extreme precision. It is utilised for nano-manufacturing and test and inspection of semiconductor processes. From PI (Physik Instrumente) LP TITAN 4 Manipulator Systems from Schilling Robotics, LLC. Hundreds of TITAN 4 manipulator systems are in use worldwide every day. TITAN manipulators are the highest quality system on the market for the dexterity and strength needed to withstand the industry's harsh and repetitive needs day after day. From Schilling Robotics, LLC. 1 ST Robotics Introduces New High-Speed Robot Arm 2 General Dynamics Completes Comprehensive Evaluation of Knifefish SMCM Unmanned Undersea Vehicle 3 NASA-Sponsored Regional FIRST Robotics Competition to Happen for Second Consecutive Year in Huntsville 4 Unique Hybrid UAV May Transform Future of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles 5 Makeblock's Modular Drone and Programmable Building Blocks Platform Receive Prestigious Red Dot Award 6 Milrem to Develop Smart Unmanned Ground Vehicle for Modern Battlefield Thought Leaders Application of LEGO-based Robotics in Higher Education: An Interview with Dr. Chris Rogers 3 Apr 2014 New Curriculum for Simulation-based Robotic Surgery: An Interview with Khurshid Guru and Thenkurussi Kesavadas 3 Jun 2013 Elderly Care Robot: An Interview with Antonio Espingardeiro, PhD student at the University of Salford 11 Mar 2013 Newsletters you may be interested in 3D Printing (Preview) Advanced Alloys (Preview) Aerospace (Preview) See all Newsletters » Other Sites from AZoNetwork AZoM AZoNano AZoCleantech AZoOptics AZoBuild AZoMining AZoSensors AZoQuantum News Medical Useful Links About News Articles Equipment Directory Books Journals Videos Software Market Reports Courses Events Manufacturers Distributors Consultants Newsletters Become a Member Search The Team Contact Help/FAQs Advertise Terms Sitemap back to top Facebook Twitter Google Plus AZoRobotics.com - An AZoNetwork Site Owned and operated by AZoNetwork, © 2000-2017 This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more. x
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 31 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Domestic tourism in Saudi 'to surge by 40% between 2015 and 2020' Toyota recall extends to nearly 40,000 UAE cars CEO and vice chairman step down at investment conglomerate Dubai Holding UAE's Emirates airline, Scoot planes damaged in Singapore Riyadh to reap $1.25bln per year from new white land tax Rent declines still 'not enough' to make Dubai housing affordable to everyone Dubai Property launches new apartment project in Dubailand Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital UAE prepares for post oil era with diversification Dubai's Drake & Scull breaches covenants on sukuk, other bank facilities Abu Dhabi's ZonesCorp finalizes auto hub master plan Qatar among shareholders investing $807mln in London's Heathrow Airport Abu Dhabi's TAQA reports $5bln loss due to oil and gas impairment UAE state fund Mubadala nearly triples net profit in 2016 PetroChina latest China oil major to consider Aramco listing National Bank of Abu Dhabi raises $587mln in green bond debut CEO and vice chairman step down at investment conglomerate Dubai Holding FGB customers can now withdraw money from NBAD's ATMs at 'no cost' UAE state fund Mubadala nearly triples net profit in 2016 National Bank of Abu Dhabi raises $587mln in green bond debut Dubai's Drake & Scull breaches covenants on sukuk, other bank facilities Saudi Arabia considering changes to debut dollar sukuk structure Saudi Aramco pays premium in debut sukuk sale Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital Samsung launches Galaxy S8 UAE state fund Mubadala nearly triples net profit in 2016 US's SpaceX to launch first reused rocket, testing cost-cutting model Samsung unveils its Galaxy S8 smartphone Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE prepares for post oil era with diversification Iranian sovereign fund targeting healthcare, high-tech Egypt lowers customs exchange rate to 16.5 pounds/dlr in April Putin says Russia has many friends in the United States UAE prepares for post oil era with diversification UAE's Emirates airline, Scoot planes damaged in Singapore Saudi Arabia, instead of UAE, to host 2018 Arab summit Saudi top 20 brands valued at $37bln First Lebanon budget in 12 years targets 8.7% deficit Turkey wraps up military operations in northern Syria Arab summit concludes with a 'message of peace' Lebanon’s summer electricity ambitions met with skepticism Egypt lowers customs exchange rate to 16.5 pounds/dlr in April AfDB says it disburses second $500mln loan tranche to Egypt Tunisian former PM Jomaa launches "non-ideological" political party Summit offers venue for Saudi-Egyptian fence mending Gulf airlines Etihad, Qatar work around U.S. cabin laptops ban UAE's Emirates airline, Scoot planes damaged in Singapore UN looks for Trump foreign policy hints from tough-talking envoy Italian police arrest pro-Islamic State trio over suspected Venice bomb plot Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Oil dips after 3-day rally, but support seen above $50 per barrel Egypt central bank leaves key interest rates unchanged Kuwait rebounds in volatile session, Dubai, Saudi firm Abu Dhabi's TAQA reports $5bln loss due to oil and gas impairment Kuwait rebounds in volatile session, Dubai, Saudi firm PetroChina latest China oil major to consider Aramco listing Saudi Aramco formally appoints banks to advise on share sale Kuwait weighed down by ex-dividend shares, region quiet Egypt central bank leaves key interest rates unchanged National Bank of Abu Dhabi raises $587mln in green bond debut Saudi Aramco pays premium in debut sukuk sale Egypt sees return to international markets early 2018 Oil dips after 3-day rally, but support seen above $50 per barrel Egypt to monitor not ban private sector wheat imports during harvest OPEC compliance with oil curbs rises in March as UAE joins cut UK' BP sees trading benefits from oil boom in the Americas Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Recruitment firms 'have role to play in Saudi labor amnesty' Smoking shisha or applying make-up while driving calls for fines in UAE Qatar denies violating labour law by blocking migrants from leaving Saudi religious police is deemed redundant by many Qatar denies violating labour law by blocking migrants from leaving Drive wants Bahraini lawyers only to advise state Riyadh to reap $1.25bln per year from new white land tax Dubai mulls reducing speed limit on two major roads Italian police arrest pro-Islamic State trio over suspected Venice bomb plot UAE seizures of Captagon, crystal meth up 280% in 2016 Egyptian twins jailed for supporting Daesh Abu Dhabi Police arrest hackers who stole over $272,309 Recruitment firms 'have role to play in Saudi labor amnesty' Britain to demand tech firms to do more to tackle extremism Dubai's Drake & Scull breaches covenants on sukuk, other bank facilities Corruption cases decline by 7.5% in Oman Smoking shisha or applying make-up while driving calls for fines in UAE Qatar denies violating labour law by blocking migrants from leaving New regulatory regime for the private school sector in Dubai Saudi religious police is deemed redundant by many Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Dubai charts system for complete Autism care Gulf airlines Etihad, Qatar work around U.S. cabin laptops ban Samsung launches Galaxy S8 Over 300mln people worldwide suffer from depression Dubai charts system for complete Autism care Over 300mln people worldwide suffer from depression Are any fad diets good for heart health? Dubai to add health insurance fines to visa fees Sharjah to set up arts academy to provide training to theatre fans German Siemens $109mln in software licenses to UAE universities Education sector employs 12% of Qatari workforce Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Samsung launches Galaxy S8 Two Eids in the school summer holidays Sharjah Children's Reading Festival begins in April Ten activities not to miss at Mother of the Nation Festival Gulf airlines Etihad, Qatar work around U.S. cabin laptops ban Lady pilots overwhelmed by support Reasons residents don't wear seat belts Etihad offers free Wi-Fi, iPads to premium passengers Second day of Saudi Film Festival highlights socio-cultural issues Steve Aoki to headline Nasimi Sessions in Dubai Dylan to receive Nobel prize in Stockholm Rishi Kapoor discusses his 'uncensored' book in Dubai 'Hideous' Cristiano Ronaldo statue sparks social media laughs Hodge apologises to Kohli over injury comments Emirates Golf Federation gives after-school golf lessons Scoring runs will help captaincy, says England's Root Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home The Future of Manufacturing Article defence UAE's Tawazun empowers more women in defence industry 30 March, 2017 ABU DHABI, 30th March, 2017 (WAM) -- More UAE women are being encouraged to engage in the country's growing defence industry thanks to incentives offered by Tawazun Holding, according to Saif Al Hajeri, Chief Executive Officer of state-owned investment firm Tawazun Holding and Tawazun Economic Council, during a panel discussion at the Global Manufacturing and Industrialisation Summit. In 2009, the strategic investment firm focused on defence and strategic manufacturing, launched a flexible work schedule for female employees to enable them to benefit the most from their work, while also taking care of their families, Al Hajeri said. Tawazun also built a nursery at a Abu Dhabi highway site. "We created the passion for work. We could not say no to their requests," the Chief Executive Officer added. Al Hajeri noted that despite flexible work schedules and other incentives, Tawazun still provides very challenging jobs to all Emirati men and women as part of the organisation's preparations for the post-oil era that requires a highly-qualified workforce. The company is also working with Strata, Boeing and Airbus to bring in advanced technology to the UAE, as it identified which technologies are needed the most in the country, Al Hajeri concluded. © Copyright Emirates News Agency (WAM) 2017. © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: manufacturing uae Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News UAE's Thuraya Telecoms appoints Acting CEO 21 hours ago UK's UTEC offshore and onshore survey co. welcomes new Chief Executive Officer 22 hours ago  from Fifth Ring Integrated Corporate Communications Bahrain Islamic Bank announces the appointment of AGM, Head of Information Technology 2 days ago EU's Airbus Defence and Space appoints four new executive committee members New organisation focuses on four programme lines: Military Aircraft, Space Systems, CIS, Unmanned Aerial Systems. 27 Mar 2017 New assistant marketing manager joins Millennium Airport Hotel Dubai 26 Mar 2017 US's Coca-Cola Company announces senior leadership appointments 26 Mar 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
About US Contact US Client Login Registration Thursday March 30th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Washington State delegation joins German aerospace cluster at Aircraft Interiors Expo By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  March 30, 2017  /  Comments Off on Washington State delegation joins German aerospace cluster at Aircraft Interiors Expo       Print       Email MIL OSI USA – Source: Washington State News Headline: Washington State delegation joins German aerospace cluster at Aircraft Interiors Expo Commerce leads 11 Washington companies seeking to strengthen connections, build on opportunities with Germany’s Hanse-Aerospace group at international trade show OLYMPIA, Wash.  –  Washington State, the leading global hub for aerospace design, development and manufacturing, is the only U.S. state exhibiting at this year’s Aircraft Interiors Expo (AIX), April 4-6 in Hamburg, Germany. For its third appearance at AIX, the Washington Department of Commerce joins more than 80 companies exhibiting under the umbrella of Germany‘s Hanse-Aerospace association of aviation and space industry companies. One day before AIX, Commerce staff and several members of the delegation will visit Airbus at its center in Hamburg Finkenwerder. Hosting their largest AIX delegation to date, the “Choose Washington” team has its own island exhibit (#6A70/F) inside the Hanse-Aerospace Pavilion – the focal point of the show. Participating Washington State delegates are: AIM Aerospace , locations in Renton, Auburn and Sumner, Wash. AMGI, Inc , Seattle, Wash. Color Craft, Inc. , Tukwila, Wash. General Plastics Manufacturing Company, Tacoma, Wash. Professional Plastics, worldwide offices include Tukwila, Wash. Tool Gauge, Tacoma, Wash. IDEA International, Mukilteo, Wash. Orion Industries, Auburn and Mukilteo, Wash. Structural Integrity Engineering (SIE), Mukilteo, Wash. Windspeed LLC, Everett, Wash. Aircraft Cabin Systems, global headquarters Redmond, Wash. Washington’s aerospace sector numbers more than 1,400 related firms, employing nearly 139,000 of the world’s most highly trained workers, supplying every major aircraft equipment manufacturer worldwide. Aircraft interiors is one of the fastest-growing segments, and Washington companies are on the leading edge of demand for new technology and design, with features and materials that are redefining comfort and function in the air. “Our aerospace industry serves the full breadth of commercial, military, general aviation and space, producing nearly 90 percent of all passenger planes manufactured in North America,” said Brian Bonlender, director of the Washington State Department of Commerce. A major driver of Washington’s economy, the powerful aerospace sector strengthens communities all across the state, with aerospace-related businesses employing people in 35 of 39 counties, Bonlender said. “We would not be able to attend such prestigious international industry events as AIX in Hamburg without the continued support and guidance from the Washington State Department of Commerce,” explains Debbie Lee, CEO of Tool Gauge. “As a fast-growing Washington-based aerospace supplier, the ability to connect directly with our European customers is instrumental to our future success and we are grateful to Commerce for providing us with those opportunities.” “IDEA International was formed in early 2005. Our ability to operate on a global level has definitely been enhanced through the invaluable support of the Washington State Department of Commerce and their support team. We have traveled to Europe, the Middle East and Asia and gained multiple contracts as a result. A jolly big thank you to one and all,” said Julian Shape, President/CEO, IDEA International, an engineering and certification consultancy specializing in structures and interiors stress analysis. “The Aircraft Interiors Expo (AIX) in Hamburg is the most cost-effective event for us to meet international customers, including airlines and OEMs, for the very large aircraft interiors market,” said John Courtright, director of sales and marketing for Structural Integrity Engineering (SIE). “SIE is in the business of providing quality installation engineering and supplemental type certificates for complex cabin interior reconfigurations and aircraft connectivity systems and, as a small supplier, this business is important to us.  Without the teamwork and guidance of the Washington State Department of Commerce aerospace team, SIE would not have the global reach needed to get to this international customer base.” “Orion is appreciative of the guidance from the Washington State Department of Commerce and the U.S. Export Assistance Center that we received while introducing our capabilities to a larger market, and promoting our products and services on an international stage,” said John Theisen, president and CEO of Orion Industries, and Pacific Northwest Aerospace Alliance 2017 Executive of the Year. A three-time Boeing Supplier of the Year, Orion is a leader in the manufacturing, painting and finishing of precision metal fabrication parts. Its nonprofit training and education division, Orionworks, was recently honored with a 2017 Innovation Award by the Puget Sound Business Journal for its work addressing diverse populations and employing persons with disabilities or other barriers to employment. Several companies in this year’s AIX delegation received export vouchers and other assistance including market research, business-to-business matchmaking and other services from the Department of Commerce international trade team. Learn about all of the companies in this year’s AIX trade show online. Visit Washington State’s exhibit in Hamburg in the Hanse-Aerospace Pavilion, stand 6A70/F.  Follow on social media @WAStateCommerce.     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on March 30, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: March 30, 2017 @ 9:20 pm Filed Under: 24/7 OSI, AIM Aerospace, Aircraft Cabin Systems, Aircraft Interiors Expo, Americas, AMGI, Color Craft, Economics, English, General Plastics Manufacturing Company, Growing the Economy, Hanse-Aerospace, IDEA International, Intelligence, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Orion Industries, Professional Plastics, Security, Structural Integrity Engineering, Tool Gauge, trade show, United States Government, United States of America, US State Governments, Washington State News, Windspeed LLC NEXT ARTICLE → SPC – No watches are valid as of Thu Mar 30 08:02:02 UTC 2017 About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Washington State delegation joins German aerospace cluster at Aircraft Interiors Expo SPC – No watches are valid as of Thu Mar 30 08:02:02 UTC 2017 SPC – No MDs are in effect as of Thu Mar 30 08:02:02 UTC 2017 SPC Mar 30, 2017 0600 UTC Day 1 Convective Outlook SPC Mar 30, 2017 0600 UTC Day 2 Convective Outlook © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
