null
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Travel Blogs Photos Videos Property TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Nagpur Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News Home » City » Nagpur Air India invites bids to lease out Mihan-SEZ MROShishir Arya | Sep 24, 2016, 03.02 AM IST Nagpur: Air India, which took over the $100 million aircraft maintenance repair overhaul (MRO) depot at Mihan-SEZ a year ago, is now inviting bids for leasing out the facility. If it works out, this will be the second change-of guard at this MRO. It was originally supposed to be run by American aircraft maker Boeing which built the unit. Mainly catering to Air India's own fleet, once leased out the carrier will only send its aircraft to Nagpur if the offer is competitive. The tender conditions call for the bidder to have a net worth of $10 million and a turnover with $50 million at least. The lessee will have to offer a guaranteed amount of $14 million with a yearly increase in line with wholesale price index (WPI). A monthly percentage of gross revenue will have to be shared over and above that. MRO was a part of the offset obligation to be fulfilled by Boeing following $11 billion aircraft deal with Air India in 2006. In 2010, the plan was changed and Boeing's role was limited to construction of MRO to be taken over by Air India Engineering Services for operations. After running the MRO for a year mainly catering to in-house aircraft, Air India is now planning to rope in a partner. There are plans to lease it out for 30 years on revenue sharing basis. Sources said the decision was taken recently while earlier there were plans of Air India to go solo. H R Jagannathan, CEO of Air India Engineering Services, told TOI a partner would bring in additional resources helping the MRO expand operations. Once leased out there would be no guarantee of in-house business from Air India and the operator will have to compete in open market, he said. Air India already has similar facilities in Mumbai and Delhi. Even if the offer fails, Nagpur MRO will continue to be an important facility for Air India in light of new acquisitions to happen. In the next 18 months, Air India may end up acquiring 40 new aircraft which will be a mix of Boeing and Airbus. A part of the fleet would be serviced in Nagpur. There are plans to expand the services in Nagpur by getting approvals from directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA). An approval is already there for Boeing 777 and an application has been put up for Airbus 320. The application for Boeing 737 aircraft will be moved soon, a source said. In a Nutshell * The $100 million Boeing MRO was announced in 2006 * It was considered an anchor investor to attract other units in Mihan-SEZ * Earlier Boeing was supposed to run the MRO * Eventually Boeing built it and handed it over to Air India * Now Air India wants to lease it out to a private companyStay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Woman arsonist set afire 42 buses for biryani and Rs 100 Media made me feel like a murderer, terrorist after 2007 World Cup: MS Dhoni Malaysia confirms debris found in Tanzania is from MH370 Indian tourists join Baloch activists in candlelight protest outside UNHRC Indian tourists joined Baloch activists in a candle light protest outside United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) to highlight Pakistan’s atrocities in Balochistan. Hyderabad: Waterlogging brings life to a standstill Incessant rainfall in Hyderabad has disrupted the normal life in several parts of Hyderabad. The rainwater has entered houses causing inconvenience to the people. The areas of Begumpet, Nizampet, Allwyn colony, Qutubullapur and Malkajgiri are worst-affected. The meteorological department has predicted rainfall in the next 24 hours. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Nagpur From our Global Partners State scraps VIDC tenders, no decision on fate of old contractors Construction site in Laxmi Nagar is mosquito breeding ground Study finds parasite posing threat to Great Indian Bustard City neurosurgeon brings paralyzed patient back to normal State approves max 2.95 FSI by paying premium to civic bodies LAD girls’ ode to art and artists Father, whose throat was slit by son, dies No garbage lifting, threatens Kanak Trees mercilessly trimmed in CPWD quarters, officials unaware 1Air India invites bids to lease out Mihan-SEZ MRO 2State scraps VIDC tenders, no decision on fate of old contractors 3Construction site in Laxmi Nagar is mosquito breeding ground 4Study finds parasite posing threat to Great Indian Bustard 5City neurosurgeon brings paralyzed patient back to normal 6State approves max 2.95 FSI by paying premium to civic bodies 7LAD girls’ ode to art and artists 8Father, whose throat was slit by son, dies 9No garbage lifting, threatens Kanak 10Trees mercilessly trimmed in CPWD quarters, officials unaware About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Breaking News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News | Movie Reviews | Weather Today FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Uri Terror Attack Sunny Leone Bikini Pics How to Get Pregnant Breaking News Cauvery Water Dispute US Elections 2016 Majnu Movie Review Banjo Movie Review Suspect in New York City bombing apprehended Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `


Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 51-55 We set you thinking Friday 18 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream China&India Forget movie stars — in Hong Kong, tutors are the real celebrities 1479478278 Singapore Good Shepherd Loft nursing home in breach of MOH rules, faces possible closure 1479477480 World U.N. says Aleppo faces 'bleak moment', Syria convoys all blocked 1479476706 World Northern Ireland court refers Brexit challenge to UK Supreme Court 1479476251 World Merkel: Didn't discuss sanctions on Russia over Syria with Obama, EU leaders 1479475261 Business Wall Street closes in on record high 1479476807 World Obama, EU leaders agree to stick together, stay tough on Russia 1479477408 World Some Turkish military officers at NATO seeking asylum: alliance chief 1479475639 World U.N. investigators in area probing Aleppo convoy attack: Eliasson 1479476706 World Pacific rim leaders to debate future of trade post-Trump 1479475776 World More academics, mayors detained as Turkish purges enter fifth month 1479475689 Lifestyle Take a walk in space this weekend 1479477079 Lifestyle 15 things to do with your kids this school holiday 1479476760 Singapore Man jailed, caned for obscene acts with a child 1479476775 Lifestyle Hipster parents, unite this weekend 1479475860 Lifestyle Where hipster parents hang out for great grub 1479474060 World Uganda's Museveni names new top electoral official, critics say he lacks credibility 1479474223 Business Rio Tinto in spotlight as Australia fraud police targets resources industry 1479475559 Business LafargeHolcim's higher payout fails to cheer investors 1479474598 World Iraqi troops expand foothold in Mosul as IS pledges more suicide attacks 1479474737 Business Abercrombie & Fitch quarterly sales miss estimates, shares skid 1479475208 Business Can Trump make coal great again? At least some companies think so 1479467167 Business Oil set for first weekly gain in five on OPEC deal optimism 1479474716 Business Dollar charges to 14-year high, bond tantrum in full swing 1479474193 Singapore Third fostering agency to be set up next year 1479475279 Singapore High Commission advises S'poreans visiting KL to 'exercise vigilance' during Bersih rally 1479473520 World Scottish lawyers invited to address UK Supreme Court's Brexit hearing 1479472600 World Putin, Obama likely to talk on sidelines of Lima summit: Kremlin 1479472829 World Sri Lanka says 32 'elite' Muslims have joined IS in Syria 1479471049 World Pakistan navy 'pushed' Indian submarine clear of its waters 1479470438 World Swiss set to call EU's bluff on immigration curbs 1479473487 Business OPEC moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer 1479472431 World Several injured in Dutch train, truck crash 1479471405 World No compromise in sight, EU ministers at odds over immigration 1479469930 Business Fed's Bullard says leaning toward supporting December rate hike 1479470290 Business Dollar heads for best fortnight vs. yen since 1988 1479472775 Singapore Woman jailed 10 months for failing to protect her child 1479473772 Business Modi’s push for Gujarat to rival Singapore spurs derivatives plans 1479473479 World Race wide open as France ticks down to presidential primaries 1479469873 World November deadly for migrants crossing Mediterranean, IOM says 1479468766 Business BMW, Baidu joint project on self-driving cars breaks down 1479469630 World NATO says 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance 1479464858 World Malaysia arrests pro-democracy group chief ahead of anti-PM rally 1479468193 World China, U.S. look past tensions with joint relief drill 1479470166 World Thirteen workers trapped, three dead, in Turkish copper mine after landslide 1479455536 World Philippine dictator Marcos buried at heroes' cemetery amid protests 1479467590 Lifestyle Dining Guide: Where to get your tasty treats (Nov 19 to 20) 1479469877 Lifestyle How to get a car for S$2K a month (or less) 1479468660 Singapore 62-year-old e-biker killed in accident with lorry at Cecil Street 1479465060 World Thousands of Indonesians expected to rally against rising intolerance 1479465554 Business U.S. lawmakers have 'grave concern' over Boeing, Airbus Iran licenses Rep. Hensarling speaks during the testimony of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Director Cordray in Washington. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 11:35 PM, September 23, 2016 WASHINGTON - Senior Republican U.S. House of Representatives lawmakers made clear on Friday they will keep campaigning against Boeing and Airbus jetliner sales to Iran, despite the Treasury Department's announcement that it had begun issuing licenses for the exports. Republican Representatives Pete Roskam and Jeb Hensarling wrote to Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, which oversees sanctions, demanding more answers about any security implications of the delivery of aircraft to Iran. "There is little evidence indicating that Iran Air has indeed stopped transporting weapons, troops, and cash to terrorist groups and rogue regimes," the congressmen wrote in a letter, dated Thursday, seen by Reuters. Both congressmen hold influential financial positions in the House. Hensarling is chairman of the House Financial Services Committee. Roskam is chairman of the tax-writing Ways & Means Committee's Oversight subcommittee. Airbus<AIR.PA> and Boeing <BA.N> said on Wednesday they had received U.S. Treasury approval to begin exporting over 200 jets to Iran, under a deal struck in January. The news is likely to ease complaints from Iran over implementation of last year's international nuclear agreement, in which Tehran agreed to curtail its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the deal could cost jobs at Boeing plants, but opponents of the deal argue that security concerns are more important. The letter to Adam Szubin, acting under secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, asked for answers to several detailed questions on issues including Iran Air's leadership, the Treasury's ability to control transfers of aircraft or parts once they are in Iran's hands and the nuclear pact. Foreign banks have been reluctant to finance the aircraft deals, fearing they could fall foul of remaining sanctions prohibiting the use of the U.S. financial system for Iranian business. With U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump strongly critical of the rapprochement, some banks fear they could be left with no insurance if Iran sanctions "snap back." Republican members of Congress unanimously opposed the nuclear agreement, seen as one of Democratic President Barack Obama's foreign policy achievements. Arguing that Obama was more concerned with enhancing his legacy than national security, they have pushed legislation and other measures seeking to overturn or undermine the agreement. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With tougher rules, China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Inside Today World Iraqi troops expand foothold in Mosul as IS pledges more suicide attacks Uganda's Museveni names new top electoral official, critics say he lacks credibility Swiss set to call EU's bluff on immigration curbs Putin, Obama likely to talk on sidelines of Lima summit: Kremlin Scottish lawyers invited to address UK Supreme Court's Brexit hearing Business Rio Tinto in spotlight as Australia fraud police targets resources industry Abercrombie & Fitch quarterly sales miss estimates, shares skid Oil set for first weekly gain in five on OPEC deal optimism LafargeHolcim's higher payout fails to cheer investors Dollar charges to 14-year high, bond tantrum in full swing Sports Joseph Schooling is home, as packed week awaits From football’s whipping boys to regional heavyweights NZ surprises by hiring Scotsman as sevens coach Experienced defence the key in Lions’ Suzuki Cup bid Want to stay happy and positive? Exercise Entertainment Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ gown sold for almost S$7m Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group

null
November 18, 2016 0346 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:169140 Publish Date: Fri, 23 Sep 2016 18:57:55 GMT Service: Iran US gives Boeing, Airbus go-ahead for sales to Iran The US green light for Boeing and Airbus sales to Iran has broken a taboo and opens the door to a potential boom in foreign financial dealings with Tehran. As well as a long overdue modernization for its aging fleet of passenger planes, Wednesday's announcement of US licenses for Airbus and Boeing serves to reassure other foreign firms and major banks on doing business with the Islamic Republic. "A taboo has been broken. This deal will ease the fears of major foreign banks and companies which want to work with Iran," an official of an Iranian private bank told AFP, speaking on condition of anonymity. "It will allow financial channels to be put into place for big foreign banks to work with Iran." An Iranian newspaper, Donya-e Eqtesad, said experts were now predicting that "major Western banks will soon renew ties with Iran's banks'. The approvals from the US Treasury Department allow Airbus and Boeing to proceed with sales worth billions of dollars into a country that had been entirely off-limits prior to Iran's landmark 2015 nuclear deal with world powers. "We have issued the first two licenses for the export of certain commercial passenger aircraft to Iran under this new policy — to Boeing and Airbus," a US Treasury spokesperson said on Wednesday. The approval allows Boeing to fulfill a June memorandum of understanding with Iran Air that covered the sale of 80 planes, consisting of single-aisle 737 and the long-range 777 aircraft. The sales will be the US aircraft-maker's first to Tehran since Iran's 1979 Islamic Revolution which was followed a year later by a break in diplomatic ties with Washington. Iran's Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi said other licenses would follow 'in coming weeks', in comments following a meeting between Iran and major powers in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly. Before the nuclear deal, which went into effect in January, under which Iran modified its atomic program in return for the lifting of international sanctions, an embargo dating from 1995 prevented Western manufacturers from selling equipment and spare parts to Iranian companies. In January, European giant Airbus struck a similar preliminary agreement as its US competitor to sell Iran 118 aircraft, but it also required US approval because some of the planes' components are made in the United States. The announcement of the licenses comes after repeated complaints by Iranian leaders that Washington was dragging its feet on the lifting of sanctions under the nuclear deal and putting up financial obstacles for the non-US companies and banks lining up to do business with Tehran. The Boeing deal is estimated to be worth roughly $25 billion while the Airbus accord was initially valued at $25 billion. Iran's current commercial aviation fleet numbers around 140 planes with an average age of around 20 years, with many in desperate need of replacement. Iran projects a demand for between 400 and 500 commercial airliners over the next decade. Iranian newspaper Donya-e Eqtesad said international banks would play a key role in financing the huge contracts with Boeing and Airbus.     KeyWords US jet IranDaily   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Iran beats Saudi Arabia in India oil supply drive OPEC moves closer to output deal as Iran gets new offer Tremor shakes western Iran Norway’s DNO to study key Iranian oil field Saudi-proposed anti-Syria resolution rewarding terror sponsors: Iran Iran rejects 'baseless' claims by Arab states Iran warns against Israel’s bid to erase al-Quds Islamic identity Senior Iranian official warns US against failing to comply with nuclear deal Germany will try to ensure Iran nuclear deal survives with Trump Iran pours cold water on Hong Kong Most Visited Obama vows to veto bill seeking to block Iran plane sales US House renews sanctions on Iran, sets sanctions on Syria Trump not going to ‘hurt’ Clinton www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0819 sec
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Breaking News World Routes helps facilitate Condor’s latest transatlantic growth Breaking down the barriers to bring low-cost success to Central and South America Will President-elect Trump’s first act in office benefit aviation? IAG boss sees place for A380 in Iberia and Aer Lingus fleets Tropic Air delivers international flights to Chetumal View All Malaysia Airlines takes steps to recovery Routes Asia News Header Malaysia Airlines takes steps to recovery Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Posted 23 September 2016 16:00 Richard Maslen Editor, Routesonline LinkedIn Twitter Follow @routesonline 5,901 followers From the outside little appears to have changed, however over the past 18 months Malaysia Airlines has been completely re-born as a business, and is now planning a growth trajectory across southeast Asia under the stewardship of former Ryanair executive, Peter Bellew. As one of the first customers for the Airbus A380 Super Jumbo it is a bold decision to cut the iconic airliner from its fleet, but such a move highlights the new commercial vision of Malaysia Airlines and the re-birth of the famous Asian flag carrier on the international stage. For the embattled airline big many no longer be beautiful, at least in aircraft size after it also recently retired the Boeing 777, as it attempts to become a leader across its home region and capture and ride the air traffic boom across Asia. A recent commitment for up to 50 Boeing 737MAX airliners is a clear sign of the airline’s future strategy. These aircraft will arrive from 2019 and will enable the carrier to operate more competitively and efficiently against rivals. The deal comprises a firm order for 25 MAX-8s and options for up to 25 MAX-8s or MAX-9s and will be used not only to replace older equipment on short-haul routes but to grow the airline’s network. Its recently appointed chief executive officer, Peter Bellew, describes the deal as “a game-changer” for Malaysia Airlines providing it with “much lower costs and greater efficiency” to develop its network and return to profitability. “This new aircraft order will set the stage for our continued recovery and success into the next decade,” he says. The additional range of the new generation airliner means that Malaysia Airlines will also be able to utilise the equipment on many longer routes of up to six or seven hours, opening a significant number of new city pair options out of Kuala Lumpur and other parts of Malaysia that are not commercially sustainable for widebodied equipment. Markets such as Australia, India and Pakistan are attractive to Malaysia Airlines, however, like many others across the region, one stands out more than others… China. Bellew, says the carrier has barely scratched the surface in a market that offers so much potential. “Our planes are almost full [to China]. With three, four, five more aircraft, we will be able to make money even next week.” Malaysia Airlines suffered a massive blow to its brand after flight MH370, which was carrying 239 passengers and crew, disappeared in March 2014. In July 2014, another flight, MH17, was shot down over eastern Ukraine, killing all 298 people aboard. The writing had been on the wall for the old Malaysia Airlines long before these atrocities, but they provided the impetus for a bold restructuring by the state-run airline’s sole shareholder, Khazanah Nasional Berhad and a new commercial outlook. In May 2015 an administrator was appointed to facilitate the transfer of selected assets and liabilities from the existing Malaysian Airline System Berhad to a brand new company, Malaysia Airlines Berhad. The original business continued to operate through to August 31, 2015, with the new operator, effectively a start-up, taking to the air for the first time from September 1, 2015. The transition of the business was a key component of the 12-point Malaysia Airlines Recovery Plan, which was announced in August 2014 to restructure the national carrier and set it on a path towards sustainable profitability. Taking the lead role in this transformation was Christoph Mueller, who has built a reputation in the industry in helping oversee the restructuring of troubled airlines, most recently turning around the fortunes of Aer Lingus in the Republic of Ireland. With a vision to run the new company entirely on commercial terms he has worked to develop a modern operation without the legacy costs that had forced the old airline into debt. However, just less than a year into his contract, Mueller resigned as group managing director and chief executive officer in March 2016 and from July 1, 2016 Peter Bellew, previously chief operating officer at the carrier, was appointed to the helm in an accelerated leadership transition, less than a year after first joining the business. Irish national, Peter Bellew, spent ten years learning the airline sector at low-cost carrier Ryanair, where a focus on cost management helped it establish itself as one of the world’s most successful airlines. Initially as deputy director of flight operations, he held positions in sales, marketing, training and recruitment before being appointed director of flight operations before joining Malaysia Airlines.  He took up his role as chief operating officer in Kuala Lumpur in September 2015 and alongside group managing director and chief executive officer, Christoph Mueller, has been a key figure in the transformation of the airline. He replaced Mueller as chief executive officer from July 1, 2016 and is responsible for continuity in the execution of the Malaysia Airlines’ turnaround plan and further progress of the overall restructuring effort, as set out by state-controlled shareholder Khazanah Nasional Berhad in its 12-point MAS Recovery Plan. Despite the transition at the top, the turnaround of the airline remains on-track, says Bellew, who is confident the airline will be profitable by 2018 and could be listed on Bursa Malaysia as early as spring 2019. A man that understands the importance of managing costs from his Ryanair days says these are now “under control” and the focus is now “to boost revenues”. The net profit recorded by the carrier in the first quarter of this year would seem to confirm this. Prior to exceptional items, the first quarter was marginally profitable for the airline at the operating level, driven by favourable fuel prices and market conditions, coupled with operational improvements and a particularly strong performance in February. The performance gives a strong indication that the turnaround initiatives are delivering positive results. While its new short-haul fleet will play a key role in this strategy, and a new agreement with Emirates Airline and increasing partnerships with oneworld alliance partners will maximise connectivity, widebodied equipment will remain part of the Malaysia Airlines fleet. After the last of its 777s left in January 2016, it is left with a fleet of 13 A330-300s and six A380s. The Super Jumbos are earmarked for retirement from 2018 when all six of its new A350-900s are due to have been delivered on leases from Air Lease Corporation (the first aircraft is due in 2017). The A350s will directly replace the A380 on its only remaining scheduled route – Kuala Lumpur – London Heathrow – as well as to serve some stronger medium-haul markets in Asia and into Australasia. As part of its restructuring, the airline has suspended non-stop services to Amsterdam, Paris and Dubai, and is using its new codeshare partnership with Dubai-based Emirates Airline to connect its passengers to destinations in Europe, Africa and the United States. Other destination closures over the past couple of years have included Brisbane, Australia; Kunming, China; Frankfurt, Germany; Cochin, India; Male, Maldives; Krabi, Thailand; and Istanbul, Turkey. After a period of significant change, Malaysia Airlines is set a period of stability to enable it to focus on its service offer and enhancing the customer experience. A new Business Class offering is being installed on its A330 fleet while a Premium Economy offering is also being rolled-out on the type and from the end of the year also on the A380. A more flexible pricing policy will also help boost loads while better matching capacity to demand will help to keep robust yields. This focus will help support a return to network growth and Bellew confirms that “new routes from various Malaysian airports to new unserved Asean destinations” are under discussion. “The goal will be to fly customers safely to places they want to go with great value fares and superior service on clean modern aircraft. We will stop doing things that lose money,” he adds. While most of the hard work may now seem to have been done, the Irishman warns the airline can’t be complacent in what is a competitive environment. "Long term booking prospects vary. While demands still run strong in northern Asia, performance is relatively weak in Southeast Asia and Australia due to oversupply," he says. But, he remains confident. “We will fix it. I am sure it will be a road with many interesting turns,” he says. “Our first quarter showed performance indicators on track with yield up 23.4%, costs down by 32.9% and our bottom line ahead of budget.” This article is modified from an original feature that appeared in... ROUTES NEWS - ISSUE 6, 2016  PLEASE CLICK HERE to view the magazine. Register for Routes Asia 2017 in Okinawa, Japan, 19 - 21 March 2017 The Fundamentals of Route Development This essential download gives you all you need to get started with air service development. Based on the ASM training course by the same name, the exclusive guide explains the three rules of route development and presentation advice when pitching to potential partners. Download White Paper Share Article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print About The Author... Richard Maslen Editor, Routesonline Richard leads the Routesonline community delivering content every day via our Airlineroute schedules blog and through regular features and analysis on latest developments and trends within the sector. With almost 20 years in the industry working for a number of aviation publications he brings the team a wealth of experience and insight. Questions? Leave a comment below or send him a tweet! Related Organisations View View Related Topics Malaysia Airlines Malaysia Airports Holdings Berhad Routes Update Routes News Asia Related Stories Malaysia Airlines grows its presence in China Posted 4 November 2016 09:40 British Airways Confirms its Return to Kuala Lumpur Posted 17 September 2014 15:45 Malaysia Airlines W16 Kota Kinabalu – Tokyo schedule changes Posted 14 October 2016 06:30 World Routes Interview: Malaysia Airlines plans possible A380 wet-lease operation Posted 25 September 2016 21:00 Malaysia Airlines Confirms A380 Route Cut for Paris Posted 4 July 2015 16:45 Etihad Teams with Tourism Malaysia to Boost Inbound Arrivals Posted 3 June 2015 11:25 All Related Stories Top Stories Emirates reveals new A380 interior for ultra-long-haul routes Posted 16 November 2016 02:00 United Arab Emirates (UAE) carrier Emirates Airlines has confirmed it has adopted a new 516-seat configuration for future Airbus A380... Read more Lufthansa S17 European routes additions Posted 16 November 2016 17:15 Lufthansa today (16NOV16) announced a number of European routes additions for summer 2017 season, which will be gradually introduced in March and... Read more AerLingus adds new European destinations in S17 Posted 16 November 2016 06:00 AerLingus in summer 2017 season is adding two new European service from Dublin, including the offering of Porto in Portugal, and Split in Croatia.... Read more Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Careers Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2016 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Friday 18 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing awards Avcorp multiple production contracts By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · September 23, 2016 Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) has been awarded multiple production contracts from Boeing, which consists of complex metal bond and multi-material structural assemblies that complement Avcorp´s capability as an integrated supplier within the aerospace industry. The new contracts include: production of spoilers for the Boeing 737 MAX program, production of metal bond panels for the Boeing 777X, production and supply of doors for the Boeing Next-Generation 737 and 737 MAX. Avcorp´s order backlog is currently estimated at USD579 million, in consideration of attaining full award values, after reduction for sales made during the first two months of the current quarter. The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Fuji Heavy Industries and Lockheed Martin. Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc. Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Related posts Alaska Airlines, US Marines partner to deliver Toys for Tots November 18, 2016 Alaska Airlines has partnered with the US Marines and Toys for Tots to deliver 15,000... EDM uses Mach Loop Challenge to test pilot skills November 18, 2016 EDM has reported it plans to test pilot skills with its Mach Loop Challenge at... FLY Leasing reports USD23m in Q3 2016 net income November 18, 2016 FLY Leasing Limited (NYSE: FLY) has reported USD22.9 million or USD0.70 per share in third... Aer Lingus to launch Dublin/Miami service November 18, 2016 Aer Lingus, the national airline of Ireland, has reported plans to launch service between Dublin,... Boeing receives 777X jet engine exhaust system component from Safran November 18, 2016 Safran Nacelles has delivered the initial jet engine exhaust system component for Boeing´s new 777X... « Panasonic Weather Solutions selected by DIA for ground ops weather forecasting ATC Global offers essentials for ATM growth » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 September 2016 M T W T F S S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. lawmakers have "grave concern" over Boeing, Airbus Iran licenses By Reuters Published: 11:23 EST, 23 September 2016 | Updated: 11:23 EST, 23 September 2016 e-mail By Patricia Zengerle WASHINGTON, Sept 23 (Reuters) - Senior Republican U.S. House of Representatives lawmakers made clear on Friday they will keep campaigning against Boeing and Airbus jetliner sales to Iran, despite the Treasury Department's announcement that it had begun issuing licenses for the exports. Republican Representatives Pete Roskam and Jeb Hensarling wrote to Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, which oversees sanctions, demanding more answers about any security implications of the delivery of aircraft to Iran. "There is little evidence indicating that Iran Air has indeed stopped transporting weapons, troops, and cash to terrorist groups and rogue regimes," the congressmen wrote in a letter, dated Thursday, seen by Reuters. Both congressmen hold influential financial positions in the House. Hensarling is chairman of the House Financial Services Committee. Roskam is chairman of the tax-writing Ways & Means Committee's Oversight subcommittee. Airbus and Boeing said on Wednesday they had received U.S. Treasury approval to begin exporting over 200 jets to Iran, under a deal struck in January. The news is likely to ease complaints from Iran over implementation of last year's international nuclear agreement, in which Tehran agreed to curtail its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the deal could cost jobs at Boeing plants, but opponents of the deal argue that security concerns are more important. The letter to Adam Szubin, acting under secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, asked for answers to several detailed questions on issues including Iran Air's leadership, the Treasury's ability to control transfers of aircraft or parts once they are in Iran's hands and the nuclear pact. Foreign banks have been reluctant to finance the aircraft deals, fearing they could fall foul of remaining sanctions prohibiting the use of the U.S. financial system for Iranian business. With U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump strongly critical of the rapprochement, some banks fear they could be left with no insurance if Iran sanctions "snap back." Republican members of Congress unanimously opposed the nuclear agreement, seen as one of Democratic President Barack Obama's foreign policy achievements. Arguing that Obama was more concerned with enhancing his legacy than national security, they have pushed legislation and other measures seeking to overturn or undermine the agreement. (Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Dan Grebler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/18/16 10:40 AM EST Sessions as AG raises stakes for Comey, Clinton By Kyle Cheney Donald Trump's selection of Sen. Jeff Session as his attorney general pick raises the stakes for FBI Director James Comey and Hillary Clinton, who have... Congress Updated 11/18/16 10:37 AM EST Meet the Rust Belt meditation guru challenging Pelosi By Kyle Cheney A former football star from the Rust Belt who wrote a book about meditation is challenging Nancy Pelosi for minority leader. 11/18/16 10:33 AM EST Trump’s picks for AG, CIA, national security adviser accept nods By Matthew Nussbaum "I am humbled to have been asked by President-elect Trump to serve as Attorney General of the United States,” Sen. Jeff Sessions said. Updated 11/18/16 10:24 AM EST Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA By Elana Schor, Kyle Cheney, Alex Isenstadt and Louis Nelson The president-elect starts building out his administration with loyalists. 11/18/16 10:21 AM EST Trump transition sends landing teams to DOJ, State, Pentagon and NSC By Brent Griffiths Here are a few of the notable names. 11/18/16 10:15 AM EST In nod to Trump, GOP likely to push Sessions through confirmation By Burgess Everett and Elana Schor But Democrats will probably put enormous pressure on centrist Republicans to block Sessions on the floor. 11/18/16 10:08 AM EST Playback: Clinton’s first appearance since the election 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Next for the DNI By Tim Starks Talks about the Vulnerability Equities Process — Section 702 goes to court 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Canada, Mexico to talk about the elephant in the room By Adam Behsudi Transition kicks into high gear — Farm bureau chief: Trump is a trade president 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Proposed rule on airborne cellphone calls coming By Brianna Gurciullo Upton: Flint aid likely to go in a CR — Donald the disrupter… to the aerospace industry 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tax prom takeaway By Bernie Becker Call to arms — More online action 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tech to tee off with Trump? By Li Zhou Rosenworcel nomination facing potential death blow — FTC delivers 'sharing economy' assessment 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST 2018 Senate strategizing starts in the House By Theodoric Meyer Updates on North Carolina governor's race, CA-49 — More candidates step forward for upcoming gubernatorial elections 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST White House Fall Reg Agenda By Ted Hesson Hoffa pulls ahead in election — Will Rauner sign teacher pension bill? 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could quick Obamacare repeal sink the individual market? By Dan Diamond Pharma off the hook on Cures funding — How the health care sector sees the possible Trump administration 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tim Ryan, healthy food advocate, challenging Pelosi By Catherine Boudreau Trump transition watch — California (drought) dreamin' 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Hoosier policies head to Washington By Benjamin Wermund Bracing for Trump’s deportation sweep — Common core critics push Trump 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Congress talking big! By Darius Tahir From Trump Tower — On CMMI 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could California drought deal actually get done? By Anthony Adragna AGs ordered deposed in Exxon case — McKinley for EPA chief? Updated 11/18/16 09:57 AM EST 2018 showdown looms: House Republicans vs. Democratic senators By Elana Schor and Burgess Everett Reps. Ryan Zinke and Kevin Cramer eye Senate bids in friendly territory represented by Democrats. Germany expected to deny asylum to thousands By Esther King 5 things to watch in France’s conservative primary By Nicholas Vinocur Angela Merkel’s new job: Global savior By Konstantin Richter 11/18/16 09:30 AM EST NEWSOM calls for ‘sanctuary campuses’ -- CALIFORNIA water deal on the way? -- PELOSI challenged by Ohio’s Ryan Nerdcast 11/18/16 09:07 AM EST Nerdcast: Your 2016 questions answered By Charlie Mahtesian, Scott Bland and Katie Glueck It's time for Episode 31 of the 2016 Nerdcast, POLITICO's podcast on the race for the White House. 11/18/16 08:52 AM EST Kanye West: If I voted, I would have voted for Trump By Louis Nelson Kanye West announced that he did not vote in last week's presidential election, but if he had, he would have voted for Donald Trump. 11/18/16 08:43 AM EST Trumpsition Day 10: Trump taps loyalists, hardliners in new staff picks By Patrick Reis and Matthew Nussbaum Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo has been offered the position of CIA director, per a transition spokesman. 11/18/16 08:30 AM EST Sessions tapped as attorney general By Jeremy Herb Trump taps Flynn as national security adviser — Congress moves to CR for Trump 11/18/16 08:00 AM EST Trump-land mindmeld By Ben White and Andrew Hanna A different view on Wall Street and Trump — MM vs. Kudlow — Troubled waters 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST Trump takes credit for keeping Ford plant in U.S. that wasn't leaving By Louis Nelson Ford was never planning to move the facility in question to Mexico. 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST SESSIONS TAPPED FOR ATTORNEY GENERAL – Republicans ready to play hardball on Supreme Court – REP. TIM RYAN CHALLENGING PELOSI – Lawmakers nearing deal on CR Longtime Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions has been tapped as President-elect Donald Trump’s attorney general, Bloomberg reports this morning. 11/18/16 07:54 AM EST Reports: Trump picks Sessions for attorney general By Matthew Nussbaum Sessions, an early Trump supporter and staunch opponent of illegal immigration. 11/18/16 07:38 AM EST ILLINOIS’ SHAMEFUL secret of abuse -- O’HARE STRIKE threat over THANKSGIVING -- DURKIN calls out MADIGAN DURKIN calls out MADIGAN 11/18/16 07:32 AM EST 44 to 45: Comparing the Trump transition to Obama’s By Henry C. Jackson and Brent Griffiths On Thursday, Nov. 14, 2008 President-elect Barack Obama announced he would resign his Senate seat effective Sunday Nov. 18. 11/18/16 07:30 AM EST DE BLASIO tries a do-over after 2016 campaign flop -- TIMES gets Trump bump -- SUNY POLY turnover continues SUNY POLY turnover continues 11/18/16 07:18 AM EST PASSAIC mayor pleads guilty in kickback scheme -- CHRISTIE, in snub to GUADAGNO, talks about staying -- NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY 11/18/16 07:09 AM EST ROMNEY meeting with TRUMP this weekend -- KARYN POLITO’s private island -- ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call 11/18/16 07:06 AM EST OVERHEARD AT TOSCA -- Pelosi’s challenge -- TRUMP versus Ford on keeping jobs in the U.S. -- DAVID BROCK’s new project -- DAVID REMNICK interviews Obama -- JARED KUSHNER profile -- B’DAY: Megyn Kelly By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman 11/18/16 07:00 AM EST As state GOP chair’s race begins, senior Trump advisor Wiles praises (doesn’t endorse) Ingoglia – Morgan breaks silence, takes dig at Putnam – Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin The Friday Cover 11/18/16 06:30 AM EST The Friday Cover: What Trump Voters Want Now — The blue-collar workers who put him in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Cartoon Carousel 11/18/16 05:19 AM EST The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics By POLITICO Staff 11/18/16 05:15 AM EST Judicial Crisis Network already running ads ahead of Trump SCOTUS pick By Burgess Everett The ad may end up being just the opening salvo in what could be a bruising confirmation fight. The Friday Cover 11/18/16 05:11 AM EST What Trump Voters Want Now By Michael Kruse The blue-collar workers who put Donald Trump in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:10 AM EST In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit By Annie Karni Trump's son-in-law has a reputation for trusting his own judgment over expert advice, and believing he has a 'golden touch.' Congress 11/18/16 05:06 AM EST GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees By Burgess Everett Republicans warn that Democratic obstruction of Trump’s pick will come at a steep — possibly historic — price. Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:02 AM EST Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart By Isaac Arnsdorf and Taylor Gee Under White House rules, Donald Trump's chief strategist would have to steer clear of the alt-right website he oversaw. 11/18/16 12:04 AM EST Cordell Hull addresses Congress: Nov. 18, 1943 By Andrew Glass During World War II, on this day in 1943, Secretary of State Cordell Hull became the first Cabinet officer ever to address a joint meeting of Congress. 11/17/16 11:47 PM EST Ivanka Trump sits in on meeting with Japanese prime minister By Cristiano Lima Her inclusion comes as Trump faces questions about how he plans to wall off his business ventures from the White House. Updated 11/17/16 10:03 PM EST Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn By Bryan Bender The retired lieutenant general’s hardline views on Islam — as well as laudatory statements about Russia — have made him a lightning rod, as did his strident... 11/17/16 08:44 PM EST 45 After Dark: Getting a MOU on edition By Henry C. Jackson Trump’s transition team has all its paperwork in for a memorandum of understanding with the White House. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart What Trump Voters Want Now Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA POLITICO Morning Trade A daily speed read on global trade news Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Americans say: TPP who? By Adam Behsudi 09/23/16 10:00 AM EDT With help from Doug Palmer and Megan Cassella AMERICANS SAY: TPP WHO? There could be a sliver of hope for the languishing TPP deal after all, despite the beating it’s taking from Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in their race for the White House, a first-ever poll conducted for POLITICO and the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health suggests. Story Continued Below That’s because nearly a year after the White House finished negotiating the landmark trade pact, most Americans still don’t know about the agreement, considered the economic linchpin of President Barack Obama’s rebalance toward Asia. Seventy percent of those polled said they hadn’t heard or read anything about the TPP, and among the 29 percent who had, views of the agreement were mainly negative: 63 percent of those respondents were against it, and 68 percent opposed a vote on its ratification in the lame-duck session of Congress. The percentages show that efforts of labor and environmental groups to stir up opposition to the agreement have had limited impact, providing the White House with an opening to make both its economic and national security case for the agreement to the rest of the public. Pro Trade’s Doug Palmer has the story here. Read the full poll results here. IT’S FRIDAY, SEPT. 23! Welcome to Morning Trade, where your host would like to point out Hillary Clinton’s latest declaration that she is “not down with TPP.” Clinton’s “Between Two Ferns” appearance is in contrast to President Barack Obama’s slow jam TPP endorsement of “yeah, you know me.” Got any other cool ways to explain your position on TPP? Let me know: abehsudi@politico.com or @abehsudi. TRUMP’S RISE TURNING GOP AGAINST TRADE: The poll also found that a large majority of Republican voters are repudiating their party’s traditional support for free trade, and falling sharply in line with nominee Donald Trump’s insistence that trade costs Americans more jobs than it creates. Meanwhile, Democrats, whose representatives in Congress have traditionally been far more skeptical of trade deals — and largely voted against giving President Barack Obama the “fast-track” authority to negotiate the TPP last year — are now far more apt than Republicans to see the benefit of trade, according to poll. Forty-seven percent of Republicans surveyed said that trade deals have hurt their communities over the last ten years, compared to only 24 percent of Democratic voters. Only 18 percent of Republicans surveyed said that trade deals helped, while 33 percent of Democrats believe free trade helps. POLITICO Pro Europe Brief’s Ben Oreskes has the story here. More from the POLITICO-Harvard poll: Despite the United States’ long and deep relationship with the United Kingdom, more Americans oppose boosting trade with the country to help it with its “Brexit” from the European Union than support the idea. Read the story here. BOEING: U.S. WILL DO WHAT IS RIGHT IN AIRBUS CASE: The U.S. says it’s ready to negotiate a deal with the European Union to end trade distorting subsidies in each side’s respective aircraft industries. But after the U.S. declared a “sweeping victory” Thursday against the EU when Brussels and four member state governments were faulted for not removing illegal subsidy programs for Airbus, Boeing says it has no problem with Washington pursuing retaliation. “We’re confident that the United States will pursue those remedies necessary to help Europe and help Airbus move away from the practices that have been put in place over these many, many years,” Ted Austell, Boeing’s vice president for international policy, said in a press call. The WTO issued a ruling that found the EU, along with France, Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom, failed to comply with a 2011 Appellate Body decision that faulted European governments for providing $22 billion worth of illegally subsidized financing to cover costs for the development of a number of Airbus aircraft. The U.S. notified the WTO in 2011 that the harm caused by the illegal subsidies translated to between $7 billion and $10 billion in retaliation. But the road to retaliation could be a long one. With the EU having a chance to appeal Thursday’s ruling, it could be six to nine months before the U.S. would be in a position to put in place countermeasures. Also still pending is a decision examining whether the U.S. has complied with a ruling that faulted federal and state-level aid for Boeing. The EU has also filed another case alleging Washington state provide billions worth of trade-distorting subsidies to the U.S. aerospace giant. Decisions in those cases could color any negotiations between the two sides and how far the U.S. is willing to go in the retaliation process. In any scenario, Boeing officials said they want an outcome that ends EU “launch aid” — or loans to fund jet development — and other support programs once and for all. CHINA SQUASHES THE BEEF WITH THE U.S.: China has lifted restrictions that have kept U.S. beef out of that major market since 2003 over fears of mad cow disease, but exporters aren’t jumping for joy just yet. The statement from the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture clarifies the new policy would only apply to U.S. beef from animals under 30 months of age but is short on other details. “We look forward to prompt engagement by the relevant authorities for further technical discussions on the specific conditions that will allow trade to resume,” Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a statement Thursday. “True access to China's beef market — consistent with science-based, international standards for trade — remains a top priority for the United States.” China imported just $10 million worth of beef per year from the U.S. just prior to the ban, but meat consumption has grown exponentially since and the beef import market is now reported to be worth as much as $150 million a month. Chinese beef imports reached a record $2.3 billion in 2015, USDA said. The department estimates China will surpass Japan as the second-largest beef importer (after the U.S.) at 825,000 tons in 2016. Canadian beef producers also got good news from China this week when Beijing announced it would further lift similar restrictions that have been in place since 2003. China has allowed boneless cuts of Canadian beef since 2010 but this week said it would also let in bone-in beef from cows under 30 months. CORN GROWERS: FARMS AT RISK WITHOUT TPP: Corn growers blanketed Capitol Hill this week with more than 6,000 letters urging lawmakers to support passage of the TPP. The effort organized by the National Corn Growers Association is among a number of other initiatives taken by agriculture groups in recent weeks to promote the benefits of the trade pact among congressional members. “At a time when the farm economy is struggling, exports represent a rare bright spot for American agriculture,” NCGA President Chip Bowling said. “America’s farmers and ranchers stand ready to share our bounty and meet the challenge of feeding and fueling a growing world. But we can’t do that without trade agreements like TPP.” In one letter, corn growers highlight the declining price of corn — 34 percent since 2010 — and the fact that farm incomes are at their lowest since 2002. TPP, they said, would boost corn as a result of increasing exports of beef and pork, which are reliant on the crop for feed. END OF THE ROAD FOR EX-IM RESCUE EFFORTS: Senate Republicans put forth a short-term funding bill on Thursday that doesn’t include a provision to restore the Export-Import Bank to full functionality, prompting Sen. Lindsey Graham to vow he won’t support it. “I will not vote for a continuing resolution which does not contain a fix for the Export-Import Bank," Graham, one of the bank's strongest supporters, said in a statement after the text was released. "We are losing American jobs to foreign competitors for no good reason." Two of the bank’s biggest beneficiaries, Boeing and General Electric, both are major employers in Graham’s home state of South Carolina. Graham had spearheaded the effort to introduce a provision into previous appropriations legislation that allow the entire membership of the bank's board of directors, if less than full capacity, to constitute a quorum. With only two of five board seats filled, the bank currently lacks the quorum needed to approve deals worth more than $10 million. But some of Ex-Im’s detractors were encouraged by the development. The Koch-backed group Freedom Partners, which previously sent a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan urging Congress to reject all efforts to overhaul the bank’s quorum rules, celebrated the move but continued to urge Republican congressional leaders to oppose Ex-Im rescue efforts not just now but also in the lame duck. “Freedom Partners is encouraged that lawmakers haven’t caved to the back-door efforts that would unleash billion in corporate welfare,” senior policy adviser Andy Koenig said in a statement. THE FLAKE PHILOSOPHY ON A LAME-DUCK TPP VOTE: Congress’ lame-duck session is usually a time for doing “things that you know you need to do but you just can’t bring yourself to do in regular time,” Sen. Jeff Flake said on Thursday — and those things, he added, should include the TPP. Flake, an ardent free-trade supporter who voted in favor of fast-track legislation last year, said that passing the trade pact would take top priority during the lame duck if it were up to him, but he added that many of his colleagues may have other priorities. "Just dealing with funding the government is going to be top priority for most of my colleagues,” the Arizona Republican said at the event. He added he's hopeful lawmakers will be able to find a way during lame duck to "tweak here or there to say, 'Oh, now I can support this.'" "We cannot grow economically if we shut ourselves off ... and I think if you step back, most of my colleagues understand that, even the ones who are going against," Flake said. "Be that as it may, statements have been made, and there's going to have to be some way for people to get back on board." Congress' approval of trade promotion authority last year indicates that TPP still has a chance, he added. That vote "is what gives me hope that in the end, as we get past this political silly season, then we get back to doing what we should do," he said. FARM BILL 2018: THE CONSERVATIVE VIEW: The Heritage Foundation previewed its asks for a 2018 farm bill, calling on Congress to change its approach to crop insurance, food stamps, renewable fuels and trade. The conservative think tank released a 148-page report on Thursday that offers a window into how it may attack negotiations over the 2018 farm bill. The document goes beyond previous calls to split the legislation in two — to create a separate bill for food stamp assistance — to suggest a wholesale rewrite, which it says is "a valuable starting point to change the status quo." It calls for the elimination of the Renewable Fuel Standard as well as trade-stifling tariffs and tariff rate quotas. It criticizes Congress for inviting World Trade Organization disputes by subsidizing cotton producers and acting too slowly to stop country-of-origin labeling for meat. It suggests moving catfish inspections back to the FDA. COMING UP NEXT: NEWS FROM GENEVA: Pro Trade’s Megan Cassella is headed to Switzerland this weekend to cover the World Trade Organization’s public forum, an event that marks one of the biggest meetings of WTO members since the Doha round effectively died in Nairobi in December. Some 1,500 ambassadors, officials and other trade gurus from around the world will be descending upon Geneva next week along with Megan, so stay tuned to Morning Trade next week as she keeps us posted. Headed to Geneva and want to say hi? Or staying here and want to offer questions or tips? She’ll be at mcassella@politico.com or @mmcassella. INTERNATIONAL OVERNIGHT — Canada and China will enter talks to explore the possibility of negotiating a free trade agreement, the New York Times reports. — Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull lobbies for TPP in a meeting with House Speaker Paul Ryan, the Australian Associated Press reports. — Austria and France will propose restarting U.S.-EU trade talks under a new name, Reuters reports. THAT'S ALL FOR MORNING TRADE! See you again soon! In the meantime, drop the team a line: abehsudi@politico.com and @ABehsudi; mcassella@politico.com and @mmcassella; dpalmer@politico.com and @tradereporter; mkorade@politico.com and @mjkorade; and jhuffman@politico.com and @JsonHuffman. You can also follow @POLITICOPro and @Morning_Trade. « View Archives Authors: Adam Behsudi ABehsudi@politico.com @ABehsudi About The Author Adam Behsudi is a trade reporter for POLITICO Pro. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered international trade policy for Inside U.S. Trade, where he tracked down the latest news on the Trans-Pacific Partnership from exotic locales such as Auckland, New Zealand; Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia; and Leesburg, Va. Before writing about anti-dumping, export controls and other trade subjects, Behsudi covered city hall for the Frederick News-Post. He got his start in journalism chasing crooked sheriffs and other crime-related news in the mountains of western North Carolina for the Asheville Citizen-Times. Behsudi earned his bachelor’s degree in 2005 from the University of Missouri. With the hope that journalism could return as a growth industry within his lifetime, he earned a master’s degree in interactive journalism from American University in 2010. Most Read National intelligence chief Clapper resigns Obama to Trump: Time to get serious Trump calms the chaos The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Trump's appointment of son-in-law could rest on Clinton precedent Trump's border wall may be collapsing David Brock gathering donors to ‘kick Donald Trump’s ass’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Obama to anti-Trump protesters: Don't be silent Bloomberg to end 'With All Due Respect' as company reorganizes Bloomberg Politics Morning Trade - POLITICO Archive Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 Wednesday, 11/16/16 Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 View the Full Morning Trade Archives » Politico Magazine ‘My Language Is My Language, But I’m a Vermonter’ By Erick Trickey The Bitter Feud Behind the Law That Could Keep Jared Kushner Out of the White House By Josh Zeitz America’s First All-Renewable-Energy City By Colin Woodard The Return of ‘Inner Circle’ Frenzy By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Breaking News World Routes helps facilitate Condor’s latest transatlantic growth Breaking down the barriers to bring low-cost success to Central and South America Will President-elect Trump’s first act in office benefit aviation? IAG boss sees place for A380 in Iberia and Aer Lingus fleets Tropic Air delivers international flights to Chetumal View All Breaking barriers across Asia Routes Asia News Header Breaking barriers across Asia Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Posted 23 September 2016 14:00 Routes News The official publication of the World Route Development Forum and Routes’ Regional events. Follow @routesonline 5,901 followers Aviation is booming in Asia, but the region’s airlines still have a fair share of challenges to face. The Asia-Pacific region is already the number one aviation market in the world and its dominance is only going to grow in the next couple of decades – driven mainly by the huge expansion in air travel within China. Asia currently accounts for about 31.5% of all global passenger traffic, ahead of Europe (26.7%) and North America (24.7%), according to the latest figures from the International Air Transport Association (IATA). In the first six months of the year, traffic in Asia grew by 8.4% - well ahead of the global average of 6%. The Chinese domestic passenger market is now the third biggest in the world, behind internal US traffic and the intra- European market. During the first half of 2016, Chinese domestic travel jumped up by 9.8% compared to the same period last year, due to higher consumer spending and increased routes within China. This trend is only set to continue, with Boeing predicting that Asia will account for around 49% of global passenger traffic by 2035. The region’s traffic is set to rise by 6% per year over this period, equating to 100 million new passengers every year. To cope with demand, Boeing is forecasting that the number of aircraft in service across Asia will have to nearly triple from the 6,350 flying last year to 16,970 by 2035. Fast-growing low-cost carriers (LCCs) will buy an estimated 11,000 single-aisle aircraft in the next 20 years, while there will also be demand for around 3,700 new wide-body long-haul aircraft. Aviation consultant John Strickland, of JLS Consulting, said: “There is a massive number of aircraft on order which are going to come through in the next few years – largely led by LCCs. The legacy airlines are wrestling with this growing competition and amount of capacity.” While this projected increase is being primarily driven by China’s economic growth, there is plenty going on in other parts of the region, including south-east Asia, which should benefit from a new “open skies” agreement. Patrick Folley, a director at aviation consultancy Consilium, added: “Airlines would not be in a position to take on these significant numbers of aircraft if they didn’t have the routes to fly them on, and increased market liberalisation across the Asia-Pacific region has opened up considerable new opportunities.” Despite the rise in regional passenger traffic, airlines in south-east Asia continue to experience low profit levels – with an average operating profit margin of just 0.3%, according to IATA. This is the worst financial performance in the world, apart from the loss-making African aviation industry. Airlines’ bottom lines have been continually squeezed by intense competition within the region from LCCs, such as AirAsia and Lion Air, which is only going to intensify with both these carriers having more than 400 aircraft on order. The long-haul market has also been affected by the aggressive expansion into Asia of the major Gulf carriers: Emirates, Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways. Even the drop in oil prices has not proved to be such an advantage for airlines as it has been accompanied by a rise in the value of the US dollar, which the carriers have to use to pay for their fuel. South-east Asia’s fastest-growing market is Indonesia, which has been adding airline capacity at an average annual rate of around 15% for the last 10 years. The strong growth has come as the country has overcome a fearful reputation for aircraft safety – change led by the LCC Lion Air and the once-derided flag-carrier Garuda. However, growth has slowed so far in 2016 – passenger numbers only rose by 2.3% in the first half of the year. Garuda has added new domestic routes from its Jakarta hub to Sumatra and Borneo this year, as well as relaunching its Singapore to Medan route and adding a Jakarta-Medina, Saudi Arabia, service. But its most significant international move has been switching its UK flights from Gatwick to Heathrow, which has allowed it to offer the first non-stop direct flight from London to Jakarta. “Our long-term strategy from 2016– 2020 focuses on network expansion by 2018, optimising Garuda’s business in Asia Pacific by serving new potential destinations,” said Benny Butarbutar, Garuda’s VP of corporate communications. “Since Indonesian authorities have been upgraded to a Category 1 safety rating with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), Garuda Indonesia plans to re-explore the feasibility of starting flights to the US in 2017.” If Indonesian airlines are set to benefit from the country’s upgraded safety rating, it is a different story for Thailand’s aviation industry. Both the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) and the FAA in the US last year downgraded its safety rating for Thai-based carriers from Category 1 to Category 2, for failing to comply with international standards. This has held back the international growth of new airline NokScoot, a low-cost joint venture between Thailand’s Nok Air and Singapore Airlines’ Scoot that started flying last year. Thai Airways also wants to reintroduce flights to the US from Bangkok next year after axing them in 2015. But this move depends on the ICAO and FAA upgrading their safety rating for Thailand. In neighbouring Malaysia, the headlines have been dominated by the woes of flag-carrier Malaysia Airlines following the loss of two aircraft (MH370 and MH17) in 2014. It also underwent a major financial restructuring last year. The airline has been concentrating on a regional strategy to rebuild its business with a focus on China. Malaysia ordered 50 Boeing 737-MAX aircraft in July, and will also start receiving six Airbus A350s from 2017, which are set to replace the A380 superjumbo on its route to London. Malaysia has also been cutting capacity – a move that low-cost rival AirAsia has capitalised on, with strong growth in Malaysian traffic helping AirAsia to record a 12% rise in passenger numbers to 13.9 million during the second quarter of 2016. AirAsia, which also operates in Thailand, India, Indonesia and the Philippines, could resume long-haul flights to Europe after a four-year gap. The carrier had advertised on its website a daily service from Kuala Lumpur to Barcelona, via Istanbul, from October 30. But consultant Strickland is not convinced: “I will be very surprised if AirAsia comes back into Europe now as they don’t currently have a particularly suitable fleet for these ultra-long-haul sectors.” While the low-cost revolution has been in full swing in south-east Asia, this has not been so true in the north-eastern part of the continent, including Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, where LCC penetration is only around 11% of capacity compared with 56% in south-east Asia. Although some LCCs, such as Korea’s Jin Air and Jeju Air, have much larger proportions of some key markets (such as Korean domestic and Japan-Korea traffic). Chris Crampton, UK chairman of PATA, said: “It’s open skies that would make the biggest difference. The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) countries have it, and you’ve seen the proliferation of LCCs across the region – you don’t have it elsewhere on the continent. There’s quite a contrast between that part of Asia and elsewhere.” Some airlines, most notably Japan’s All Nippon Airways and Japan Airlines, have been able to steal a march on competitors by becoming early users of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. This has allowed them to develop more long-haul routes and increase frequencies, despite initial technical problems with the aircraft that led to the grounding of the entire worldwide fleet for three months in 2013. Talking of Dreamliners, Korean Air is due to add the 787-9 to its fleet in 2017. It is also launching flights from Seoul to Delhi in December, as well as adding a route to Okinawa, its 16th destination in Japan. Meanwhile, Korean is considering a new route to Iran – it has already been granted permission to operate four weekly flights between its Incheon hub and Tehran. But weak demand has led to the suspension of its service to Sao Paulo in Brazil following the Olympics. Elsewhere Hong Kong’s Cathay Pacific has rebranded its sister regional airline Dragonair as Cathay Dragon, and added new routes to Madrid and from London’s Gatwick Airport, which is being served by its new Airbus A350 fleet. “The A350 fleet makes it feasible for Cathay Pacific to launch and operate direct flights to second-tiered destinations in Europe, further expanding our global network connectivity,” said Paul Cruttenden, marketing and digital sales manager for Cathay Pacific. Taiwan’s EVA Air is also expanding its long-haul network by adding Istanbul and Chicago as destinations from Taipei, while frequencies have been increased to Brisbane and Paris. With all this growth, airports are struggling to keep up with demand. Consilium’s Folley added: “Airport capacity and regulation are the two biggest barriers to growth. With the strong growth in traffic in the region, airport infrastructure has struggled to keep pace. “Growth across the region is such that all areas are in need of more capacity if they are to meet growth forecasts, although some - such as Japan - are more mature than others. China and ASEAN are the areas with the strongest growth prospects and the greatest need for more capacity,” he adds. Creaking airport infrastructure is one of the main reasons why the region’s airlines have been ordering larger aircraft to help to continue growing traffic into some of the most congested Asian hub airports. This article is modified from an original feature that appeared in... ROUTES NEWS - ISSUE 6, 2016  PLEASE CLICK HERE to view the magazine. The Fundamentals of Route Development This essential download gives you all you need to get started with air service development. Based on the ASM training course by the same name, the exclusive guide explains the three rules of route development and presentation advice when pitching to potential partners. Download White Paper Share Article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print About The Author... Routes News The official publication of the World Route Development Forum and Routes’ Regional events. Published since 2005, Routes News is the official publication of the World Route Development Forum and Routes’ Regional events, providing topical news and features for airline and airport executives involved in route development decision making. Comments Related Organisations View Related Topics Routes News Asia Related Stories Jetstar Japan Plans Shanghai debut in Jan 2017 Posted 1 November 2016 12:20 Cruising into Catalonia’s capital for World Routes 2017 Posted 29 September 2016 11:00 Garuda Indonesia set to add Chengdu as fourth mainland China market Posted 26 September 2016 19:00 An afjordable offering from Norwegian Posted 26 September 2016 17:00 Building bridges from the Congo Posted 26 September 2016 16:00 Three questions for... Vincent Harrison, managing director, Dublin Airport Posted 26 September 2016 14:00 All Related Stories Top Stories Emirates reveals new A380 interior for ultra-long-haul routes Posted 16 November 2016 02:00 United Arab Emirates (UAE) carrier Emirates Airlines has confirmed it has adopted a new 516-seat configuration for future Airbus A380... Read more Lufthansa S17 European routes additions Posted 16 November 2016 17:15 Lufthansa today (16NOV16) announced a number of European routes additions for summer 2017 season, which will be gradually introduced in March and... Read more AerLingus adds new European destinations in S17 Posted 16 November 2016 06:00 AerLingus in summer 2017 season is adding two new European service from Dublin, including the offering of Porto in Portugal, and Split in Croatia.... Read more Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Careers Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2016 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
Every day closer to a new way to orbit by Staff Writers Washington DC (SPX) Sep 22, 2016 Flowers grown in space to research growing food in orbit for crews of deep-space missions. Image courtesy NASA. For a larger version of this image please go here. Two years after selecting the next generation of American spacecraft and rockets that will launch astronauts to the International Space Station, engineers and spaceflight specialists across NASA's Commercial Crew Program, Boeing and SpaceX are putting in place the elements required for successful missions. Here are eight things to know about Commercial Crew: 1. The Goal - The goal of NASA's Commercial Crew Program is to return human spaceflight launches to U.S. soil, providing reliable and cost-effective access to low-Earth orbit on systems that meet our safety requirements. To accomplish this goal, we are taking a unique approach by asking private companies, Boeing and SpaceX, to develop human spaceflight systems to take over the task of flying astronauts to station. 2. Multi-User Spaceport - Boeing and SpaceX, like other commercial aerospace companies, are capitalizing on the unique experience and infrastructure along the Space Coast at our Kennedy Space Center and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Kennedy has transitioned from a government-only launch complex to a premier multi-user spaceport. In the coming years, the number of launch providers along the Space Coast is expected to more than double. 3. Innovation - Our expertise has been joined with industry innovations to produce the most advanced spacecraft to ever carry humans into orbit. Each company is developing its own unique systems to meet our safety requirements, and once certified by us, the providers will begin taking astronauts to the space station. 4. Research - With two new spacecraft that can carry up to four astronauts to the International Space Station with each of our missions, the number of resident crew will increase and will double the amount of time dedicated to research. That means new technologies and advances to improve life here on Earth and a better understanding of what it will take for long duration, deep space missions, including to Mars. 5. Crew Training - Astronauts Bob Behnken, Eric Boe, Doug Hurley and Suni Williams have been selected to train to fly flight tests aboard the Boeing CST-100 Starliner and SpaceX Crew Dragon. The veteran crew have sent time in both spacecraft evaluating and training on their systems. Both providers are responsible for developing every aspect of the mission, from the spacesuits and training, to the rocket and spacecraft. 6. Launch Abort System - Boeing and SpaceX will equip their spacecraft with launch abort systems to get astronauts out of danger ... FAST! 7. Expedited Delivery - Time-sensitive, critical experiments performed in orbit will be returned to Earth aboard commercial crew spacecraft, and returned to the scientists on Earth in hours, instead of days - before vital results are lost. That means better life and physical science research results, like VEGGIE, heart cells, and protein crystals. 8. Lifeboat - The spacecraft will offer safe and versatile lifeboats for the crew of the space station, whether an emergency on-orbit causes the crew to shelter for a brief time in safety, or leave the orbiting laboratory altogether. Learn more here Tweet Related Links Commercial Crew Program Space Tourism, Space Transport and Space Exploration News Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY Buy Advertising Editorial Enquiries The Deep Space Network Bethesda MD (SPX) Sep 01, 2016 NASA's Deep Space Network (DSN) is a world-wide network of large antennas and communications facilities. Components of this network are located in the U.S., Spain and Australia. Its primary function is to support interplanetary space missions. Secondary applications include radio and radar astronomy observations and support for certain low-orbiting satellite missions. While this network is opera ... read more The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2012 - Space Media Network. AFP, UPI and IANS newswire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA Portal Reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement,agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
null

News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Joe Wicks Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch HIGH FLYER Is this the swankiest commercial jet ever? New 84-seater plane boasts flat beds with luxury bedding and Michelin-star dining at a restaurant TABLE Crystal’s Boeing 777-200LR takes deluxe flying to new heights with its impressive cabins and decadent mod-cons By NATALIE KEEGAN 23rd September 2016, 12:09 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments COULD this be the most luxurious plane ever? Crystal’s Boeing 777-200LR takes deluxe flying to new heights with its impressive cabins and decadent mod-cons. Crystal Cruises 7 The Boeing 777 is being customised in time for autumn 2017 Crystal Cruises 7 The plane comes kitted out with luxury bedding The plane is currently being transformed and will boast comfortable, fully reclining Crystal Exclusive Class seats, airy social spaces, large flat-screen TVs, a butler and concierge service and Michelin Star-inspired cuisine. The flashy Boeing 777 is being customised in time for autumn 2017 – when the company plan on transporting just 84 guests to some of the world’s most exotic and remote destinations on luxury 14-, 21- and 28-day itineraries. Crystal’s CEO and president, Edie Rodriguez, who unveiled the latest designs, said: “Crystal AirCruises is not just a thrilling new venture for Crystal, but a ground-breaking development in the luxury travel industry. Crystal Cruises 7 You can dine at a proper table – with gourmet cuisine Crystal Cruises 7 The plane is built for comfort “Even the savviest travellers and guests who have sailed on our award-winning ocean cruises many times will relish brand new opportunities to explore places impossible to reach by water, all with Crystal’s signature personalised service and the highest standard of luxury at every point of travel.” The planned plane will be larger and newer than any private jet travel option, and will boast features more commonly found in luxury suites. RELATED STORIES LOOK WHAT'S UP For sail A boat shed is on the market for a £750K ... but wait until you see what the owner has done to it ultimate BEACH HOUSE Luxury Swiss chalet on the Thames has indoor beach, outdoor pool and a £500K kitchen ROLLING IN THE DEEDS Adele flogs her swanky Brighton beachside mansion and plans Christmas in £6million LA home MILLIONAIRE ON HANDOUTS £11m mansion socialite claims benefits ... and complains she has to do the gardening SING BLING The Rich Kids of Singapore lie on beds covered in money and drive their luxury cars NAKED The custom Crystal Exclusive Class seats fully recline to become lie-flat beds, measuring 73.5 inches long, for maximum personal space and ergonomic comfort, while the social lounge are of the plane will be kitted out with s stand-up bar, two divans and four dining tables. The food on-board will also be top-notch, with cuisine prepared by a dedicated executive chef and paired with a premium wine list. Crystal Cruises 7 There are lounge areas to relax in Crystal Cruises 7 You can even enjoy a drink at a kitted-out bar Crystal Cruises 7 The cabin is equipped with hi-tech TVs and gadgets Extra extravagant conveniences including Bose Noise Cancelling headphones, Apple iPads, complimentary global WiFi, 24-inch interactive TVs with on-demand programming and music library, individual USB ports and power outlets, and a live cockpit-to-ground listening channel. Guests who like to be comfortable will also be able to tucker down with custom blankets, plush duvets and mattress toppers to make their journey a pleasure rather than a chore. Where do we sign up? For more information and reservations call Crystal AirCruises on 0207 399 7605 or visit www.crystalcruises.co.uk How to turn an in-flight sick bag into a phone holder in a few easy steps Topics Aeroplanes Planes Property Travel Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living shooting her SELFIE in the foot Woman gets caught cheating after sexting a saucy pic to her fella... who spots her boss'… Living ALL GROWN UP Remember Diversity’s little Perri Kiely? Well's he's all grown up and he's got a six-pack to die for Living 'I'm a paedo, i'm not a monster' One-armed 'virtuous paedophile' reveals he is not ashamed of being sexually attracted to… Living Exclusive 'sex in the pool and condoms on floor' Woman reveals the horror of her Thomas Cook holiday from hell in Cyprus Living THE SILENT KILLER Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest forms of the disease - but do YOU know the signs to watch for? Living Ready... set... go! Aldi’s Wagyu beef burgers and steak sold out… so now they’re selling Wagyu meatballs for just £2.99 Living Exclusive pour show The I’m A Celebrity jungle 'waterfall' shower is manmade, uses warm water and can be turned off Living '£15, fags and Buckfast' Jeremy Kyle guest accuses her former friend of being a prostitute Living Revealed 'Earth must be warned!' What's the truth behind this video of a French female astronaut screaming a warning about aliens? Living Video Freeze frame What is the Mannequin Challenge, where did it start and which famous people have got involved? Living From fact to fiction This little boy vanished and then someone turned up claiming to be him... just like in The Missing Living DEAR DEIDRE I'm pregnant after the ultimate dirty weekend... and my baby has three potential fathers Living NOW IT'S MALTESERGATE Maltesers and Galaxy Counters sharing-sized bags get lighter as Mars shrinks packet sizes Living DEAR DEIDRE I've fallen in love with my sex buddy but he insists we are just friends with benefits Living YOU'RE ATTIRED! This is why fired Apprentice candidates wear a big coat and scarf before taking their taxi ride home Living Most Popular 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living shooting her SELFIE in the foot Woman gets caught cheating after sexting a saucy pic to her fella... who spots her boss'… Living ALL GROWN UP Remember Diversity’s little Perri Kiely? Well's he's all grown up and he's got a six-pack to die for Living Exclusive HANGOVER: PART ROO Wayne Rooney to be stripped of England captaincy with international career at risk after boozy wedding Football Exclusive Red red Wayne Boozy Wayne Rooney is almost too drunk to stand as he's pictured with two women after gatecrashing wedding… Football WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz CYBER ATTACK Three Mobile hacked by thieves who stole hundreds of phones... putting 9m customers' personal data at risk News 'I'm a paedo, i'm not a monster' One-armed 'virtuous paedophile' reveals he is not ashamed of being sexually attracted to… Living Pictured no BLURRED tan LINES Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she pulls her swimsuit down to her waist TV & Showbiz A MOTHER'S GUILT Daughter confronts mum who filmed her being raped by her own father 20 years ago when she was 13 News Pictured REVVED UP ROO Wayne Rooney gives thumbs-up as he arrives for Manchester United training following wedding booze storm Football Exclusive 'sex in the pool and condoms on floor' Woman reveals the horror of her Thomas Cook holiday from hell in Cyprus Living 'Warm, generous and strong' Actress who starred in Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty kills herself in hotel room while on modelling… News THE SILENT KILLER Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest forms of the disease - but do YOU know the signs to watch for? Living Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Horizon 2020 Projects Pan European Networks Call us on 01260 273 802 eMail us Search Home Publications Government Science & Technology Sectors Culture Defence Education Energy Environment Government Health Local Government Maritime Science & Technology Transport PEN Investigates Five Minute Interview Special Reports Partners Testimonials About Us Subscribe 18 November 2016Migrant crisis: Greek island camp attacked 18 November 2016RAF seeks deal for remote aircraft 18 November 2016EUW 2016 comes to an end 18 November 2016Brexit: Scotland and Wales ‘allowed to intervene’ 18 November 2016Turkish officers ‘seeking NATO asylum’ 18 November 2016Norway boosts defence budget 18 November 2016Volkswagen plans worldwide job cuts 18 November 2016InnoEnergy start-up wins WWL Orcelle award 18 November 2016Report suggests CETA is ‘no gold standard’ 18 November 2016Brussels hosts IUMRS Awards News Government WTO rules on Airbus subsidies23 September 2016 © Reuters The World Trade Organization (WTO) has ruled the EU failed to comply with rulings that it should cut subsidies to aircraft maker Airbus. American aircraft manufacturer Boeing has said it could pave the way for the US to seek up to $10bn (~€9bn) in annual retaliatory tariffs. It follows years of accusations between the two aerospace companies that each received state funding. The WTO is yet to rule on a similar EU complaint that Boeing benefits from billions of dollars in tax breaks from US authorities. Washington responded to the ruling by calling for an immediate halt for EU subsidies to support US jobs. Meanwhile Airbus said it would appeal the judgement and the EU said it found some of the outcomes “unsatisfactory”. Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing chairman, said: “Today’s ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules. “This long-awaited decision is a victory for fair trade worldwide and for US aerospace workers, in particular.” US Trade Representative Michael Froman said the panel’s conclusions were “a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers”. He called on the EU, Germany, France, the UK and Spain “to respect WTO rules”. In response, the EU said: “There are certain findings of the panel that we consider to be unsatisfactory. We are closely analysing the report.” Airbus said: “We only needed to make limited changes in European policies and practices to comply.We will address the few still remaining points indicated by the report in our appeal.” Both the EU and the United States have the right to appeal against the ruling. Email  info@paneuropeannetworks.com Registered Company #7652562 © 2016 paneuropeannetworks.com Subscribe Disclaimer: Pan European Networks is an independent portal and is not responsible for the content of external sites. Switch To Desktop Version
null
Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Friday, November 18, 2016 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Elections Marijuana Business Real Estate Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Home Nation / World With Iran Boeing deal, Americans also coming print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google With Iran Boeing deal, Americans also coming By Thomas Erdbrink / New York Times News Service Published Sep 23, 2016 at 12:02AM TEHRAN, Iran — Long before the first newly purchased Boeing airliner lands at Tehran’s Imam Khomeini International Airport, Iran and the United States will have had to come to terms with a new reality: U.S. citizens will once again be taking up residence in Tehran, the first to do so since the Islamic Revolution and subsequent hostage crisis in 1979 and 1980. When the United States on Wednesday gave the green light for the direct sale of Western planes to Iran, much more than nearly four decades of sanctions on such deals came to an end. Not that the deals approved by the Treasury Department are insignificant: 80 Boeing jets and an initial batch of 17 Airbus planes out of a potential total of 118. But the sale will have the important effect of ending an era of absolute isolation between the countries. Boeing will almost certainly have to open an administrative office in Tehran, and technicians will have to move here to train their Iranian counterparts in the care and maintenance of the planes. Among them, almost certainly, will be many Americans. That seems to be exactly what the U.S. had in mind in approving the deal, Iranian analysts say. The deal not only allows President Hassan Rouhani to show a tangible gain from warming relations with the West, but also moves Iran that much closer to his ultimate goal of normalization of relations with the United States. “Once this deal is a fact it will be much harder for the hard-liners to try to prevent relations with the United States,” said Farshad Ghorbanpour, a political activist who supports Rouhani. “Nobody can deny that with the planes, people and know-how will enter Iran.” Buying planes from the United States, opening a Boeing office or having U.S. representatives at an international airport might seem insignificant. But it would represent a tectonic shift in relations. In 1980, when ties between the countries were severed, all 140,000 Americans living in Iran were forced to leave. The U.S. Embassy was turned into an ideological museum and all American businesses left over the years, as sanctions made commerce increasingly difficult, and more recently, impossible. The bureaus of The New York Times, Bloomberg and some other news media organizations were long the only official American entities allowed to operate in Iran, either by the Iranian authorities or under U.S. sanctions. When Conoco won an oil contract in Iran in 1995, it secretly opened an office in Tehran, only to close it when Congress adopted tougher sanctions. Many Iranians hope the January nuclear agreement, which led to the lifting of some sanctions, changed all of that, citing the jetliner deal as the start of a new era. “We are getting to a point where the gap between economic relations and political normalization is gradually getting smaller,” said Saeed Laylaz, an economist close to the government. Hatred of the United States was the ideological bedrock of the Islamic republic, however, and there are strong forces dedicated to keeping it that way. Police officers some months ago closed down a knockoff KFC restaurant after hard-liners protested, saying the chicken wings were a symbol of Westernization. When someone tried to open a McDonald’s franchise here 20 years ago, it took just two days for the restaurant to be burned down. And there are still many sources of tension, particularly the harassment of U.S. Navy vessels by Iranian naval speedboats and the imprisonment of several Iranian-Americans with dual nationalities. Those episodes and others like them are not likely to disappear soon, as they serve the interests of hard-liners who want to discourage any sort of rapprochement. “No, we should not have relations,” said Hamidreza Taraghi, a conservative political analyst. “We hard-liners also want safe planes. But we need to keep our independence and distance from the United States. That is one of the pillars of our ideology.” 15132226 View next article in Nation & World     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Popular Comments Popular stories for Nation / World ‘Sanctuary cities’ face moment of truth 11/16/2016 LOS ANGELES — Scores of communities across the nation over the last ... more Robot solves Rubik’s cube in 0.637 seconds 11/14/2016 Six hundred milliseconds - six-tenths of a second - is not a ... more Cancer vaccine a draw in Cuba 11/15/2016 Zuby Malik is an unlikely candidate to violate international law. A 78-year-old ... more Drugs for cholesterol show promise 11/16/2016 If there is one thing decades of studies with tens of thousands ... more Trump about to learn ‘our deep secrets’ 11/13/2016 One of the most important phases of the transition to power for ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2016 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2016 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811
Login / Register | Languages EU news and policy debates across languages | .com EurActiv.com Sections News Special Reports LinksDossiers Interviews Opinions Infographics Video Blogs More Agriculture & Food Climate & Environment Development Policy Digital Energy Euro & Finance Europe's East Global Europe Health & Consumers Innovation & Industry Science & Policymaking Social Europe & Jobs Sustainable Dev. Trade & Society Transport UK & Europe More Sections Central Europe Competition Education Elections Enlargement EU Priorities 2020 Future EU Justice & Home Affairs Languages & Culture Med & South Public Affairs Regional Policy Security Sports Main Sections EU news and policy debates across languages 18/11/2016 Europe faces $10bn in retaliatory duties after WTO ruling in Airbus case Advertising Trade & Society Europe faces $10bn in retaliatory duties after WTO ruling in Airbus case Home | Trade & Society | News By EurActiv.com with AFP 23-09-2016 (updated: 23-09-2016 ) By EurActiv.com with AFP 23-09-2016 (updated: 23-09-2016 ) The A-380 is the world's largest airliner. [Airbus.com] The A-380 is the world's largest airliner. [Airbus.com] Languages: Deutsch Print Comments8 The US and Boeing declared victory after the Word Trade Organisation concluded yesterday (22 September) that subsidies for aircraft maker Airbus were illegal. However, the US said it was “ready to negotiate” before slapping on retaliatory duties. The international trade body concluded on Thursday (22 September) that the EU and its member states failed to withdraw subsidies for Airbus and “take appropriate steps to remove the adverse effects”. US Trade Representative Michael Froman said the WTO found that Airbus had won aircraft sales deals over Boeing in Europe, China, India and other countries helped by $22 billion in illegal subsidies from the EU. “This report is a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers,” Froman commented. An earlier judgement in 2011 partially overturned accusations that EU states had given Airbus illegal subsidies to develop the world’s largest jetliner, the A380, but said the aircraft maker did receive billions of dollars of unfair aid that harmed Boeing. All sides claim victory in WTO Airbus ruling Trade judges on Wednesday (18 May) partially overturned a ruling that had accused EU states of giving Airbus illegal subsidies, but said the aircraft maker did receive billions of dollars of unfair aid that harmed Boeing. EurActiv.com US ‘ready to negotiate’ Boeing claimed that the EU and its member states put in place new subsidies to Airbus for a grand total of almost $22 billion. That includes $15 billion in launch aid for each Airbus commercial aircraft program from the A300 through the A380, and $2 billion in non-launch aid subsidies. According to the US company, Washington could obtain the WTO’s permission to impose retaliatory duties of up to $10 billion. US officials did not say whether they were preparing to request WTO approval for retaliatory duties yet, as Airbus can appeal the ruling, according to AFP. “We are ready to negotiate if (the EU) is interested,” a US trade official said. Serious blow The conclusions of the WTO´s compliance panel report represented a serious blow for the EU. A European Commission spokesperson commented that “certain findings” of the report are “unsatisfactory”. Still, EU officials welcomed  that the panel rejected new US claims that repayable support for the airbus models A350 XWB and A380 are “prohibited subsidies”. The Commission spokesperson recalled that there are two additional WTO rulings expected in the coming months as regards the American subsidies for Boeing. Boeing Executive Vice President and General Counsel J. Michael Luttig stressed that these cases “are separate and distinct”. “The EU lost this compliance case for the simple reason that it did nothing to remedy its massive subsidies which have had profound effects on the commercial airplane market,” Luttig said. “Whatever happens in the European cases against the United States, launch aid and other illegal government support for Airbus will now come to an end.” Airbus plays down ruling Meanwhile, Airbus played down the consequences of the ruling. An Airbus spokeswoman said the company had already implemented some “limited changes” needed to align with WTO rules. “We will possibly address the few still remaining points indicated by the report in an appeal,” the spokeswoman said. “As a point of fact Airbus and its European partners met their obligations to withdraw any subsidy elements or eliminate adverse effects,” she said. “What a contrast to Boeing which has laid the biggest egg in subsidy history with what is expected to be the very first finding in any of our cases of a prohibited subsidy for 777,” the spokeswoman added. Background The EU and the US have been locked in a dispute over state aid to large commercial aircraft builders Airbus and Boeing since Washington and Brussels filed complaints against one another in 2004. According to international trade rules, government support for manufacturing is illegal if it can be proven to harm the companies or industries of another World Trade Organisation (WTO) member state. Further Reading WTO:  compliance panel report. By EurActiv.com with AFP Print Comments8 Related Tags Topics Airbus Aviation Aviation and airlines Boeing dispute settlement Subsidies Trade & Society transport WTO Sections Aviation Trade & Society Transport Section Supporters Loading... Advertising Popular Content Leaked EU energy package subsidises fossil fuels, undermines renewables Will Austrian presidential election be hit by the 'Trump effect'? EU membership must matter Leaked memo: UK government has no Brexit strategy EU backs minimalist defence plan in effort not to undermine NATO Advertising Related Content CETA is ‘no gold standard’ finds report, ahead of vote in Parliament Susan George: Tax the rich and corporations Austria unwilling to copy Brexit as study reveals EU membership benefits ILO director: 'Trump is the result of our own failures' EU-UK relationship: We have to get better at telling the story of Europe Comments Leave a Reply You must be logged in to post a comment. You must be logged in to post a comment. Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Jay 23/09/2016 08:42 We should take the retaliatory duties of $10 billion to help pay for Europe’s 75% short fall in NATO expenditures. 0  |   Hide Replies ∧ Mike Parr 23/09/2016 10:06 Ah yes, NATO – defending Europe against who, exactly? & of course Boeing never ever recieves subsidies vai military contracts? 1  |   Hide Replies ∧ Jay 23/09/2016 14:52 Why Mike, haven’t you been following the other Donald’s (Tusk) rants of late? Russia’s hybrid warfare and anti-access, area-denial (A2/AD) capabilities is challenging the U.S. and allies in Ukraine and on NATO’s four flanks. Don’t you think WTO would have investigated Boeing’s funding alongside Airbus’? -1  |   Hide Replies ∧ an european 23/09/2016 14:37 Europe don’t need Nato . Those 75% aren’t a short fall but very reasonable !Europe don’t need a World dominator like formerly it once was dictating Countries in Europe how to carry a gun. What Europe needs is its own EU Army ! -1  |   Hide Replies ∧ Jay 24/09/2016 20:23 Europe can’t fund their penitence share of NATO, tell us Einstein, how will they ever fund their own army? 0  |   Hide Replies ∧ aclodong 23/09/2016 11:23 The aviation industry has always depended from some form of financial support from the State. There is no exception. The question that remains is how much support is reasonable and fair in a competitive market. The military is excluded. That is where the WTO comes in. The next chapter will be just as interesting. 1  |   Hide Replies ∧ an european 23/09/2016 14:32 U.S. Won ?!? Is it about winning ?!? Is it forbidden to sponsor for developments what wrong ??? If someone is paying me for research why should I refuse ? And Boeing doesn’t receive subsidies via federal tax? Hmm ! Who is sitting in that WTO ? Rottchilds only ? 0  |   Hide Replies ∧ Jay 24/09/2016 20:26 Boeing moved their headquarters (shell company) to Luxembourg remember? 0  |   Hide Replies ∧ Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2016. EurActiv.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us Follow us: EurActiv Network About EurActiv Concept & Objectives Editorial Mission Submit an Opinion The Brief EurActiv.com plc Media Partners & Network EurActiv’s Partners Media Innovation Projects Press Office EurActiv Readership EurActiv Surveys Press Releases EurActiv Netiquette Other FAQs Communication Services EurActiv Events Corporate Services EurActor Membership Multimedia Services EU Projects Advertise JobSite, Agenda & PR Post A Job Latest Jobs Post Your Event Post Your PR Fondation EurActiv About Fondation EurActiv Yellow Academy Moderations Internships Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2016. EurActiv.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Headlines Print U.S. claims win in aerospace dispute By The Associated Press | Thursday, Sept. 22, 2016, 9:39 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. WASHINGTON — The Obama administration said Thursday it has won an important victory in an international trade dispute with the European Union over subsidies to airplane manufacturer Airbus. In June 2011, the World Trade Organization found that the EU and four of its member countries provided billions of dollars in subsidized financing to Airbus. While the EU subsequently claimed to have come into compliance, the United States disagreed and requested that a compliance panel intervene. The WTO panel ruled on Thursday that the United States was broadly correct. The international body, which helps solve trade disputes, found the EU had provided billions of dollars more in subsidies, causing lost sales worth tens of billions of dollars for Boeing Co. Boeing praised the ruling, saying the “day of reckoning” has finally arrived and went so far to say that Airbus might not even exist today if not for continued support of European governments. “Today's historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules,” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg said in a statement. “This long-awaited decision is a victory for fair trade worldwide and for U.S. aerospace workers, in particular.” Boeing added that this decision is independent of the European cases against the United States. United States Trade Representative Michael Froman said the panel's finding is “a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers.” He called on the EU, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Spain “to respect WTO rules.” “We call on them to end subsidized financing of Airbus immediately,” Froman said. The Boeing Company is the only American producer of large civil aircraft and is the largest single U.S. exporter. Boeing has major facilities across the country, including in Washington and South Carolina. Members of the Washington congressional delegation joined the administration in hailing the ruling, which has the potential to result in tariffs that would likely cost Airbus market share. During what has been a long-running dispute over subsidies for the aerospace industry, the WTO has also issued rulings over the years determining that Boeing was the recipient of banned federal and state support. Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., called on the EU to come to the negotiating table and settle, rather than wait for future tariffs on Airbus planes. “Without having to compete against illegal, market-distorting practices, Boeing should win more sales around the world,” Cantwell said. More Business Cozy retirement? Only for a privileged few JPMorgan fined $264M for bribing foreign officials Touch-screen ordering, table service coming to McDonald's restaurants in U.S. Tesla, SolarCity get shareholder approval for merger Bank stocks continue surge, leading market higher Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.     Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending 52 apprehended in Westmoreland County warrant sweep Hurdle taking McCutchen's future with Pirates 'one day at a time' Pittsburgh adopts 'zero tolerance' policy for misbehavior on Light Up Night Daily Gallery View Thursday ­— Nov. 17, 2016 Photos from across the region. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us

Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home World WTO hands victory to US over EU in aid tussle By The Daily Telegraph  |   Published: 23rd September 2016 08:44 AM  |   Last Updated: 23rd September 2016 08:45 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email The WTO sees world trade growth of 2.8 percent this year and 3.9 percent in 2016.| (File/Reuters) LONDON: A fresh transatlantic trade war is in the offing after the World Trade Organisation (WTO) ruled against the European Union in a long-running legal battle over billions of pounds of state aid to aviation giant Airbus. The WTO ruled so-called "launch aid" loans given to Airbus by EU members to develop its fleet had caused a "genuine and substantial" loss of sales for its competitor Boeing. It also criticised the EU for failing to rein in billions of dollars in illegal subsidies, despite being instructed to do so. Four EU member states - France, Germany, Spain and Britain - had not complied with WTO calls to phase out subsidies, the intergovernmental trade body said. The dramatic ruling has set the stage for the US to seek up to $10bn (pounds 7.6bn) in annual trade tariffs on EU imports, according to Boeing. It's the latest step in a more than decade-old trade spat between rivals Airbus and Boeing, pitting the EU against the US. The Obama administration hailed the decision an "important victory". US trade representative Michael Froman called on the EU, Germany, France, the UK and Spain "to respect WTO rules". "We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves. We will not tolerate our trading partners ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers and their families," he said. In a blow to Europe's argument that the most recent Airbus jet, the A350, fell outside the case, the WTO said funding for the jet had been subsidised, but rejected US claims that it fell into the most serious category of "prohibited" aid. Boeing executive vice president and general counsel J Michael Luttig said that "the day of reckoning for launch aid has finally arrived". "The World Trade Organisation has now found that Airbus is and always has been a creature of government and of illegal government subsidy," he said. The case is the biggest to go before the WTO. It began in 2006, when the US government brought a claim to the WTO against the EU, alleging unfair state support for Airbus. Since then, both sides have won and lost complaints filed against one another. Boeing's chairman and chief executive, Dennis Muilenburg, said: "Today's historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules. This long-awaited decision is a victory for fair trade worldwide and for US aerospace workers, in particular." O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Mobile Prices Samsung Mobile Prices Micromax Mobile Prices Apple Mobile Latest B Tech girl student commits suicide in AP over alleged ragging SYL land returned back to farmers within hours Agusta Westland: CBI to seek extradition of chopper deal middleman Sheila Dikshit's son-in-law denied bail by Delhi court Agencies bicker over who'll guard Sabarimala pilgrims Gallery Winter has come! Frosty exchanges in Parliament over demonetisation The stray dog who forced an early tea break during India-England Vizag test arrow Videos Trump and Abe meet in New York Ghulam Nabi Azad refuses to apologise after his Uri attack remark arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express. 2016 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Sakhi | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Skip to main content Home My Subscription E-Edition Obituaries Advertising Solutions Jobs Real Estate Autos Weather MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home News News Home Obituaries Police Bookings National Submit a News Tip Text Alerts Columbia County News-Times North Augusta Today Obituaries E-Edition Weather Business Business Home Area Gas Prices Submit Your News Opinion Opinion Home Editorials McKee cartoons Letters to Editor Guest Columns Write a Letter to the Editor Sports Sports Home High School Sports Masters Scores Things to Do Things to Do Home Dine & Dish Puzzles Event Tickets Events Calendar Submit Event TV Listings Life Life Home Weddings Engagements Births Anniversaries Pets for Adoption Photos Slideshows Spotted Send Photos and Videos Video Kirby's Augusta Cooking from the Heart in Augusta Latest Video Chronicle Apps Local Store Sales Advertising Solutions Legal notices Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Help My Subscription Contact Us Staff Directory Archives (1792–2003) Newsletter - Select -Augusta Business ChronicleAugustaChronicle.com Daily HeadlinesAugustaChronicle.com Special Offers - All CSRABreaking News Subscribe Posted September 22, 2016 09:22 pm By Kevin Freking Associated Press US claims win in dispute with EU over aerospace subsidies WASHINGTON — The Obama administration on Thursday claimed a victory in its long-running trade dispute with the European Union over whether the 28-country bloc is illegally helping airplane manufacturer Airbus. In June 2011, the World Trade Organization found that the EU and four of its member countries provided billions of dollars in subsidized financing to Airbus. While the EU subsequently claimed to have come into compliance, the U.S.disagreed and requested that a compliance panel intervene. The WTO panel Thursday ruled mostly in favor of the U.S. The international body, which helps solve trade disputes, found the EU had provided billions of dollars more in subsidies, causing lost sales worth tens of billions of dollars for Airbus’ archrival Boeing Co. The WTO, however, found that EU financing was acceptable for some Airbus models – notably the A380, the massive double-decker plane meant for long hauls. Boeing praised the overall ruling, which the EU can appeal, saying the “day of reckoning” has arrived. It went so far to say that Airbus might not even exist today if not for continued support of European governments. “Today’s historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules,” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg said in a statement. “This long-awaited decision is a victory for fair trade worldwide and for U.S. aerospace workers, in particular.” United States Trade Representative Michael Froman says the finding is “a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers.” He called on the EU, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Spain to “end subsidized financing of Airbus immediately.” This decision is independent of the EU’s case against the United States, in which the WTO is considering whether Boeing received banned federal and state support in the U.S. “Watch this space,” Airbus said in a statement in reaction to the ruling. “Before year-end the record subsidies for the 777X will almost certainly be condemned as illegal,” it said, referring to a new Boeing airliner. The Boeing Company is the only American producer of large civil aircraft and is the largest single U.S. exporter. Boeing has major facilities around the country, including in Washington and South Carolina. Members of the Washington congressional delegation joined the administration in hailing the ruling, which has the potential to result in tariffs that would likely cost Airbus market share. Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., called on the EU to come to the negotiating table and settle, rather than wait for future tariffs on Airbus planes. “Without having to compete against illegal, market-distorting practices, Boeing should win more sales around the world,” Cantwell said. Advertisement Most Popular Opinion Sun, 11/06/2016 - 00:34 Issues trump everything News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 18:44 Women charged in prostitution case in Columbia County News Sun, 11/06/2016 - 02:42 3 acquitted, 1 guilty in Medicaid fraud trial News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 23:22 New Enterprise Mill owner wants to bring back excitement View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Fri, 11/18/2016 - 09:42 Man killed in Mike Padgett accident identified Fri, 11/18/2016 - 06:01 Morning shooting reported near Clearwater Fri, 11/18/2016 - 00:40 Kirby: Almanac says snow possible, if unlikely … Fri, 11/18/2016 - 00:39 Rants and Raves Load more   Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertise The Augusta Chronicle © 2016. All Rights Reserved. X
null
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, November 19, 2016 As of 2:30 AM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Business Qantas CEO Alan Joyce shares plans for non-stop flights on Sydney-Paris & Melbourne-Rome routes using Boeing 787 By Vittorio Hernandez @vitthernandez on September 23 2016 10:58 AM 0 0 0 0 Employees of All Nippon Airways (ANA) queue in front of the company's Boeing 787 Dreamliner plane after its test flight at Haneda airport in Tokyo April 28, 2013. Reuters/Yuya Shino It is not only a direct London-Perth route which new Qantas Boeing 787 Dreamliner jets would possibly fly but also two other Australia-European routes. Qantas CEO Alan Joyce points to the Sydney-Paris and Melbourne-Rome routes as the possible non-stop ultralong-haul flights when the Australian flag carrier receives its new aircraft. However, Joyce assures Qantas 787s would not fly to 40 destinations already covered by Emirates, its hub partner, but instead fly to other top destinations. He says combining direct and via-Dubai services gives Qantas “a very feasible and economic operation in Europe that works very well,” reports Australian Business Traveller. The Perth-London route would be an alternative to A380 trips to the Dubai hub of Emirates. The partnership of the two air carriers requires the UAE city would be the stopover of Qantas flights to Europe, but three new generation of planes could result in direct flights instead. These are the Boeing 787, Boeing 777-8 and Airbus A350-900ULR. The Airbus A350-900ULR is the same aircraft that Singapore Airlines ordered in 2015 and would fly non-stop to the US cities of New York and Los Angeles. Boeing’s 777-8X is also capable of flying more than 18 hours straight economically, Joyce says, reports The Australian. Because of passenger preference for direct flights to their ultimate destinations, orders for mid-size plane models have been rising in recent years. Qantas would replace its bigger Boeing 747 jets with Boeing 787-9 planes for long-haul routes, Joyce adds. Qantas expects to announce its first Dreamliner jet routes by the end of 2016. Joyce says the air carrier would no longer push through with its additional order of eight Airbus 380 jets since it would instead keep flying the 12 it owns for a longer period. VIDEO: Qantas and Emirates Partnership Source: Qantas Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Qantas forbids users of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 from opening & charging phone aboard flights New Qantas Boeing 787 Dreamliner could be direct London-Perth flight Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Anti-psychotic drugs harmful to dementia sufferers 0 Shares 2 'The Blacklist' season 5 latest updates: Season 5 not happening? Major storyline takeaways from the Season 4 finale 'Dr. Adrian Shaw: Conclusion' 0 Shares 3 'Dancing with the Stars' season 23 episode 13 spoilers: Trio dances begin; Final Four to be announced 0 Shares 4 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 5 NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays 0 Shares 6 Optus and Huawei completed 5G trial in Australia 0 Shares 7 'Outlander' Season 3: Young Jamie cast; Sam Heughan teases photo 0 Shares 8 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares 9 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory' What Rey's training will entail 0 Shares 10 ‘Star Wars Rebels’ Season 3 episode 7 preview 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder British woman charged with extramarital sex in Dubai after reporting her gang rape Pregnant Sydney woman burnt by charging iPhone 7 as she slept More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East NBA Trade News: Thunder trying to acquire Rudy Gay Russell Wilson wants to bring back Seattle SuperSonics NBA world wants nothing to do with Donald Trump Tim Duncan immortalised: Spurs to retire his jersey Watch Los Angeles Lakers vs San Antonio Spurs: Live steam, preview, where to watch NBA Trade News: Phoenix Suns not shopping Brandon Knight More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Super Mario Run for iOs devices available in Australia on Dec. 15 Apple iPad Pro 2 to take up EarPods? Anti-psychotic drugs harmful to dementia sufferers 'Pokemon Go' updates: Niantic exec reveals plans for the future NES Classic Edition: Console still available for a thrice the retail price Canon 6D Mark II to sport same full-frame capabilities as 5D? More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘New Girl’ season 6, episode 6 spoilers, recap: ‘Ready’ One Direction's Zayn Malik requested to seek professional help by Mel C ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine’ season 4, episode 6 spoilers: ‘Monster in the Closet’ Taylor Swift rebuffs Andy Cohen's suggestion to sit with Katy Perry Adele's 2017 Australian tour details: Ticket prices and schedule 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory: Focus on Luke's lightsaber again More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, November 18, 2016 11:44 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Haze MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money US claims trade win after WTO says Airbus illegally subsidised Friday September 23, 2016 07:00 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Must-visit places in 2017 The Edit: Killers release Christmas compilation Secret hero’s burial for Marcos draws street protests Trump taps Sessions for AG, Pompeo for CIA, insider says Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article File photo of Airbus employees posing next to an aircraft during a hand-over ceremony in Hamburg, July 28, 2008. — Reuters pic WASHINGTON, Sept 23 — Boeing and US trade officials declared victory in a long trade battle yesterday after the World Trade Organisation ruled that the European Union failed to end illegal subsidies for Airbus. The EU and member states did not implement an order to remove subsidies that Boeing alleges helped Airbus beat it in major multi-billion dollar contract battles, the global free-trade arbiter said in Geneva. The WTO found that Airbus had won aircraft sales deals over Boeing in Europe, China, India and other countries helped by US$22 billion (RM90.36 billion) in illegal subsidies, US Trade Representative Michael Froman said. “This report is a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers,” he said.  ‘We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves.” Boeing claimed that the United States could now levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to US$10 billion a year as a result of the ruling yesterday, although US officials refrained from saying they would take such a step. “Today’s ruling confirms that Airbus both failed to withdraw old subsidies and instead put in place new subsidies for a grand total of almost US$22 billion,” the company said. Ready to negotiate Shares of both aircraft builders rose on the ruling.  Airbus was up 2.0 per cent to 53.72 euros (US$59.95) in Paris, and in New York, Boeing finished up 1.0 per cent at US$131.87. The ruling came after a fight dating back to 2004 over support and subsidies given both sides’ aircraft builders. Airbus and Boeing are leading employers and exporters on their home turfs, and compete head-to-head to sell to airlines around the world. The European Union said in a statement that it found some of the WTO findings "unsatisfactory," noting it has the right to appeal the ruling. It also pointed out that the WTO is likely to rule in coming months on EU and Airbus complaints about what they say is illegal US support for Boeing. US trade officials did not say what their next step would be. “We are ready to negotiate if it (the EU) is interested,” a US trade official said. An Airbus spokeswoman claimed in a statement that the WTO ruling backs the company's argument that EU support for the company was mostly legal. “We only needed to make limited changes in European policies and practices to comply,” she said. “This case should not be seen in isolation,” she added.  “There are already decisions condemning Boeing's abusive and illegal subsidies.  “So, it appears that Boeing and the US continue to litigate mainly to try to justify their own grab for state cash.” 12 year old case The WTO had ruled in 2011 that the European Union — and, individually, France, Germany, Spain and Britain — had to take 36 specific steps for withdrawing several support and subsidy programmes for Airbus. The case particularly focused on EU “launch aid” loans to help Airbus develop and bring aircraft to market. US officials subsequently complained to the WTO’s compliance panel that the European Union and the named countries had not followed through in most cases. Washington also expanded its attacks on alleged support for newer aircraft sold by Airbus, the A350 XWB and the A380.  The compliance panel ruled mostly in Boeing’s favour, including on some subsidies for the A350 XWB. “Today’s WTO report reinforces the value of international trade rules that ensure US companies and workers can compete and sell their world-class products and services on a level playing field,” Froman said. “We expect the EU, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Spain — some of our closest trading partners — to respect WTO rules. We call on them to end subsidised financing of Airbus immediately.” — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Fintech association anticipates regional investments European stocks falter, euro hits 12-month dollar low With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership Prospect of US interest rates hike weighs on ringgit Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market Most Watched Now Week Neil Patrick Harris stars as Count Olaf in trailer for ‘A Series of Unfortunate Events’ Jessica Chastain in ‘The Zookeeper’s Wife’ Movie accent expert breaks down 32 actors’ accents Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Reuters Video: Thailand sinks boats to tackle illegal fishing Related Articles US native groups promised input as pipeline dispute looms Takei responds to Trump surrogate’s internment camp comments Japan PM confident in Trump’s diplomacy debut ‘I Wrote That Sh-t’ series puts songwriters for Katy Perry and more US intelligence chief James Clapper resigns Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
null

Back To Top[*] U.S. go ahead on Boeing and Airbus sales to Iran lifts trade, banking 'taboo' Sep. 23, 2016 - 06:06AM JST The requested article has expired, and is no longer available. Back To Top[*] Switch to full browser version © 2016 GPlusMedia
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Media Invited to Starliner Training Simulation at Johnson Space Center News provided by NASA Sep 22, 2016, 15:58 ET Share this article HOUSTON, Sept. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- NASA and Boeing will mark the installation of new CST-100 Starliner spacecraft training devices in the historic Jake Garn Mission Simulator and Training Facility at Johnson Space Center in Houston, on Wednesday, Sept. 28. Boeing is one of two companies the agency's Commercial Crew Program contracted to return crew launch capability to the U.S. Media are invited to participate in a roundtable discussion with NASA and Boeing representatives, as well as observe astronauts operating the Starliner Crew Part-Task Trainers during a simulation. Boeing is developing a suite of training devices and a cloud-based simulation server to efficiently train Starliner crews and mission controllers, as part of its crew transportation contract with the agency's Commercial Crew Program. Boeing's Crew Part-Task Trainers are the first training devices delivered and installed at Johnson in support of the crew flight test and ultimately crew rotation missions to the International Space Station aboard the Starliner. The immersive, high-fidelity Boeing Mission Simulator is scheduled to be delivered, installed and integrated with the Mission Control Center early next year. The Johnson simulator facility has been the home of astronaut training for decades, including space shuttle and space station missions. While the building is transforming to support some of NASA's next generation of spaceflight training hardware, this event is an opportunity to see the transition take shape and learn more about upcoming work from Johnson and Boeing senior managers and the astronauts who will fly the first test flights. Media must arrive at the Johnson Badging Office (Building 110) no later than 8:30 a.m. CDT for transport as one group on NASA transportation to and from the simulator facility. Attendees should wear business or business casual attire and low-heeled, closed-toe shoes. RSVP for U.S. and naturalized citizens and green card holders is required by 9 a.m. Tuesday, Sept. 27 to the JSC Newsroom at 281-483-5111. The event will conclude with return to Building 110 no later than 10:30 a.m. International media accreditation is closed for this event. For more information about NASA's Commercial Crew Program, visit: http://www.nasa.gov/commercialcrew NASA Johnson Space Center news releases and other information are available automatically by sending an Internet electronic mail message to listserv@listserver.jsc.nasa.gov. In the body of the message (not the subject line) users should type "subscribe hsfnews" (no quotes). This will add the email address that sent the subscribe message to the news release distribution list. The system will reply with a confirmation via E-mail of each subscription. Once you have subscribed you will receive future news releases via e-mail. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20081007/38461LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/media-invited-to-starliner-training-simulation-at-johnson-space-center-300332860.html SOURCE NASA Related Links http://www.nasa.gov Sep 22, 2016, 16:50 ET Preview: NASA Scientist to Discuss "A Space Weather Report" at Library of Congress Lecture Sep 21, 2016, 12:44 ET Preview: NASA iTech Fosters Technology Needed for Journey to Mars My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 17, 2016, 15:56 ETNew Crew Launches to Space Station to Continue Scientific Research Nov 16, 2016, 18:18 ETUS Cargo Ship Set to Depart Space Station, Live NASA TV Coverage Explore More news releases in similar topics Aerospace & Defense New Products & Services You just read: Media Invited to Starliner Training Simulation at Johnson Space Center News provided by NASA Sep 22, 2016, 15:58 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Business U.S. grants Boeing, Airbus licenses to sell airplanes to Iran FILES-US-IRAN-BOEING-AVIATION-POLITICS Jason Redmond/ AFP/Getty Images The U.S. government granted aviation giants Airbus and Boeing permission on Wednesday to sell aircraft to Iran following last year's nuclear accord. The U.S. government granted aviation giants Airbus and Boeing permission on Wednesday to sell aircraft to Iran following last year's nuclear accord. (Jason Redmond/ AFP/Getty Images) Tribune news servicesContact Reporter Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing Co. have received permission from the U.S. government to sell aircraft to Iran, part of landmark deals potentially worth some $50 billion in total following last year's nuclear accord. The announcements Wednesday came as Iranian and U.S. leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and show that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honoring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. The next administration, however, may change that equation for Airbus and Boeing, whose possible deal with Iran would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. Boeing mulls phasing out 747 Tribune news services Boeing signaled in a regulatory filing Wednesday that it might soon end production of its iconic 747. The double-deck jet — known as the Queen of the Skies — revolutionized air travel by making it more affordable for the masses. The giant jet once stood alone, with more seats than any other jet... Boeing signaled in a regulatory filing Wednesday that it might soon end production of its iconic 747. The double-deck jet — known as the Queen of the Skies — revolutionized air travel by making it more affordable for the masses. The giant jet once stood alone, with more seats than any other jet... (Tribune news services) European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the U.S. Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control early Wednesday. Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the U.S. Treasury for the deal because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer's components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon told The Associated Press. The license announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5 million. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first license around at least $1.8 billion and possibly much higher based on list prices, though buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders. Under Boeing's deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s in a deal that Iranian officials have suggested would be worth some $25 billion in total. Boeing celebrates its 100th anniversary on July 15, 2016. Founded in 1916 by William Boeing as Pacific Aero Products Co., it was renamed Boeing Airplane Co. the next year. It soon began making planes for the military as the U.S. entered World War I. One hundred years later, Boeing's contributions include the B-17 Flying Fortress, innovations in commercial flight and space exploration. More information about the centennial can be found on Boeing's website. In a statement, Boeing spokesman Marc Sklar said, "We have received that license and remain in talks with Iran Air" based on the memorandum of agreement reached in June. The U.S. Treasury confirmed in a statement that the agency had granted the first licenses to Airbus and Boeing. "These licenses contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity," the Treasury said in the statement. Iran's English language Press TV reported Thursday that Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan said Iran expects the purchase of planes from Boeing to proceed faster than they will with France's Airbus. "This is because the structure of negotiations with Boeing is different from that of Airbus," he said. Fakhrieh Kashan said Boeing has sent the text of its contract to Iran to be studied by the Iranian authorities. He said that Boeing officials were due to travel to Tehran next week to work toward finalizing the contract. Iran's U.N. mission did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday. Iran's nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. The license approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to begin accessing one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world, home to 80 million people. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for two separate $25 billion deals. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. Out of Iran's 250 commercial planes, 162 were flying in June, while the rest were grounded due to lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists 43 airplanes in its fleet, says it has direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London. The aircraft deal also has become a political issue in an election year in the U.S. Some American lawmakers have criticized the Boeing deal to Iran over the Islamic Republic's "pernicious behavior," including launching ballistic missiles, firing rockets near U.S. warships in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and briefly detaining American sailors who strayed into its territorial waters. The U.S. presidential election could also have an effect on the sales. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to tear up the nuclear deal if elected this November. Associated Press Copyright © 2016, Chicago Tribune Middle East Iran United Nations Boeing says it signs sales agreement with Iran Air Chicago-based Boeing selling 100 planes to Iran, aviation official says Iran says Boeing offers new aircraft during Tehran trip Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 61°
null
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Sat, Nov 19, 2016, 2:46 AM AEDT - Australia Markets closed US claims trade win after WTO says Airbus illegally subsidizedAFP – Thu, Sep 22, 2016 9:47 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo An Airbus A380 aircraft performs during a flying display at the Farnborough Airshow, south west of London, on July 14, 2016 Boeing and US trade officials declared victory in a long trade battle Thursday after the World Trade Organization ruled that the European Union failed to end illegal subsidies for Airbus. The EU and member states did not implement an order to remove subsidies that Boeing alleges helped Airbus beat it in major multi-billion dollar contract battles, the global free-trade arbiter said in Geneva. The WTO found that Airbus had won aircraft sales deals over Boeing in Europe, China, India and other countries helped by $22 billion in illegal subsidies, US Trade Representative Michael Froman said. "This report is a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers," he said. "We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves." Boeing claimed that the United States could now levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year as a result of the ruling Thursday, although US officials refrained from saying they would take such a step. "Today's ruling confirms that Airbus both failed to withdraw old subsidies and instead put in place new subsidies for a grand total of almost $22 billion," the company said. - 'Ready to negotiate' - Shares of both aircraft builders rose on the ruling. Airbus was up 2.0 percent to 53.72 euros ($59.95) in Paris, and in New York, Boeing finished up 1.0 percent at $131.87. The ruling came after a fight dating back to 2004 over support and subsidies given both sides' aircraft builders. Airbus and Boeing are leading employers and exporters on their home turfs, and compete head-to-head to sell to airlines around the world. The European Union said in a statement that it found some of the WTO findings "unsatisfactory," noting it has the right to appeal the ruling. It also pointed out that the WTO is likely to rule in coming months on EU and Airbus complaints about what they say is illegal US support for Boeing. US trade officials did not say what their next step would be. "We are ready to negotiate if it (the EU) is interested," a US trade official said. An Airbus spokeswoman claimed in a statement that the WTO ruling backs the company's argument that EU support for the company was mostly legal. "We only needed to make limited changes in European policies and practices to comply," she said. "This case should not be seen in isolation," she added. "There are already decisions condemning Boeing's abusive and illegal subsidies. So it appears that Boeing and the US continue to litigate mainly to try to justify their own grab for state cash." - 12 year old case - The WTO had ruled in 2011 that the European Union -- and, individually, France, Germany, Spain and Britain -- had to take 36 specific steps for withdrawing several support and subsidy programs for Airbus. The case particularly focused on EU "launch aid" loans to help Airbus develop and bring aircraft to market. US officials subsequently complained to the WTO's compliance panel that the European Union and the named countries had not followed through in most cases. Washington also expanded its attacks on alleged support for newer aircraft sold by Airbus, the A350 XWB and the A380. The compliance panel ruled mostly in Boeing's favor, including on some subsidies for the A350 XWB. "Today's WTO report reinforces the value of international trade rules that ensure US companies and workers can compete and sell their world-class products and services on a level playing field," Froman said. "We expect the EU, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Spain ?- some of our closest trading partners ?- to respect WTO rules. We call on them to end subsidized financing of Airbus immediately." @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Water fight could drench backpacker billAAP A stoush over water reform could sink the government's hopes of getting its backpacker tax through parliament. … VW to cut 30,000 jobs, 23,000 in GermanyAAP Kogan welcomes prospect of AmazonAAP Crean enlisted to help Latrobe ValleyAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7353 -0.0063 -0.84% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5968 -0.0001 -0.02% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.6944 -0.0033 -0.47% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Golden pheasant Health insurance ISIS Melbourne Cheap international flights 457 visa program Mobile phone Leonard Cohen Adelaide Accommodation Brendan Dassey iPad Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Others Paris environment pact closer to coming into force Business Standard Retaliatory duties for Airbus subsidies can be $10 billion a year Boeing claimed the US could levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year AFP | PTI  |  Washington  September 23, 2016 Last Updated at 02:22 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2THiL7W Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ March trade deficit narrows, annual exports lowest in 5 years China working to create largest regional trading bloc: US Trade Representative Boeing mulls stretching 777 to knock out Airbus A380s India has excellent record of compliance with WTO rulings: Subramanian From beer to drugs to cars: Global business laments EU vote US trade officials and Boeing declared victory today after the World Trade Organisation ruled the European Union had failed to end illegal subsidies for Airbus. US Trade Representative Michael Froman said the WTO found that Airbus had won aircraft sales deals over Boeing in Europe, China, India and other countries helped by $22 billion in illegal subsidies from the European Union and member states. "This report is a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers," said US Trade Representative Michael Froman said. "We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves." Boeing claimed that, as a result of the ruling today, the US could levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year. Read More On Airbus | Us Trade Representative | Wto | China | European Union | Boeing | International | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Retaliatory duties for Airbus subsidies can be $10 billion a year Boeing claimed the US could levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year Boeing claimed the US could levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year US trade officials and Boeing declared victory today after the World Trade Organisation ruled the European Union had failed to end illegal subsidies for Airbus. US Trade Representative Michael Froman said the WTO found that Airbus had won aircraft sales deals over Boeing in Europe, China, India and other countries helped by $22 billion in illegal subsidies from the European Union and member states. "This report is a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers," said US Trade Representative Michael Froman said. "We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves." Boeing claimed that, as a result of the ruling today, the US could levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year. AFP | PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Retaliatory duties for Airbus subsidies can be $10 billion a year Boeing claimed the US could levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year US trade officials and Boeing declared victory today after the World Trade Organisation ruled the European Union had failed to end illegal subsidies for Airbus. US Trade Representative Michael Froman said the WTO found that Airbus had won aircraft sales deals over Boeing in Europe, China, India and other countries helped by $22 billion in illegal subsidies from the European Union and member states. "This report is a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers," said US Trade Representative Michael Froman said. "We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves." Boeing claimed that, as a result of the ruling today, the US could levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year. AFP | PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back WTO says EU failed to comply with Airbus subsidy ruling Reuters | GENEVA/PARIS Sep 23, 2016 01:57 AM IST By Tom Miles and Tim Hepher GENEVA/PARIS (Reuters) - The World Trade Organization said on Thursday the European Union had failed to rein in billions of dollars in subsidies to planemaker Airbus , ratcheting up tensions in the battle for airliner orders worth trillions of dollars a decade. The ruling is part of a series of tit-for-tat transatlantic complaints about aircraft subsidies that together make up the world's largest trade dispute, still raging after 12 years of bitter arguments over support for Airbus and its rival Boeing. The WTO said the EU and four nations - Britain, France, Germany and Spain - had failed to comply with earlier rulings against all but two of 36 contested measures, including billions of dollars of European government loans to Airbus. The loans were a "genuine and substantial" cause of significant lost sales for Airbus's U.S. competitor Boeing, it said. In a blow to Europe's long-held belief that its newest and costliest jetliner, the A350, fell outside the case, the WTO for the first time said it had been subsidised but rejected U.S. claims it fell into the most toxic category of "prohibited" aid. It adopted the same pattern for the A380, the world's largest jetliner, which has always been at the heart of a case that already runs to thousands of pages in rulings and appeals. U.S. officials said Airbus had failed to undo subsidies worth $22 billion, including $4 billion for the A350, on which Airbus's prospects in the wide-body jet market largely depend. European industry officials dispute those numbers, saying they overstate the amount of support at stake within the loans. U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said the subsidies had cost the United States exports worth tens of billions of dollars and urged Europe to end subsidized financing "immediately". The EU, however, suggested it would appeal the latest findings, saying it found some of the report "unsatisfactory". The European Commission said the 574-page document should be read in the context of two other WTO reports expected to address U.S. subsidies to Boeing in coming months. It comes amid a U.S. presidential campaign where claims that U.S. companies are suffering from alleged cheating by foreign competitors is a prime topic for both candidates, and amid growing support for protectionism on both sides of the Atlantic. In earlier findings, the WTO ruled that both Airbus and Boeing received illegal subsidies worth billions of dollars. Both sides have sought WTO permission to draw up sanctions that could penalise other industries, with the U.S. calling for up to $10 billion in counter-measures and the EU $12 billion. But no reprisals are expected until the WTO process, which is already running about three years behind schedule, has been exhausted, which trade sources say could take months or years. Many analysts expect a negotiated settlement instead. PING-PONG Officials in both camps said they were ready to negotiate, but robust comments from both planemakers and upcoming elections in the United States as well as France and Germany - the main home to Airbus - suggested little immediate room for manoeuvre. In a game of ping-pong that could determine how other jet manufacturers are regulated, Boeing dismissed as "happy talk" a statement from Airbus claiming near-victory and suggesting only minor tweaks in its funding system, while an Airbus spokesman said Boeing was "in denial" about subsidies for its own jets. The public clash came as both sides digest unpublished new WTO findings in a third pillar to the dispute, brought by the EU over Washington tax breaks to Boeing, at least part of which Airbus says it expects to fall into the 'prohibited' bucket. Boeing sought to dispel the notion that the three cases are interconnected and resolution of one depends on the other: an important point for it to win if retaliation is to begin any time soon. "We're confident that the United States will pursue those remedies necessary," said Ted Austell, Boeing's vice president of regulatory affairs. Airbus strategy appeared to be to hold out for a more favourable ruling on Boeing aid early next year. "Boeing might later be hit by a rock when the next WTO ruling comes," Chief Executive Tom Enders said on Twitter. (Additional reporting by David Lawder and Alwyn Scott; Writing by Tim Hepher; Editing by Mark Potter and Susan Fenton) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Current Affairs Pacific rim leaders to debate future of trade post-Trump Volkswagen agrees deal with unions to cut 30,000 jobs Fed's Kaplan says U.S. central bank near to raising rates Publicis CEO: business circles are "optimistic" over Donald Trump VW to lower investment, R&D costs through 2020 [ more ] Top Stories Demonetisation: Govt may do away with cash exchange gradually Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? Public finds demonetisation both boon and bane: Survey No note exchange at banks tomorrow; senior citizens exempted Demonetisation: Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps [ more ] Markets Gold quotes at huge discount, price hits 4-month low Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high Sugar shares in focus; Upper Ganges, Oudh Sugar up 20% [ more ] Companies Natco plans to double drug filings next year Infosys invests Rs 14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs Mopeds gain speed, overtake scooters in growth [ more ] Opinion Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate More headwinds ahead for Bajaj Finance [ more ] Latest News Modi's cashless economy is good business for Microsoft Demonetisation: Govt may do away with cash exchange gradually Planys Technologies launches second underwater robot IDFC Bank facilitates cashless transactions at local mandi Govt's move to curb black money a 'disaster' for rural women, say Activists [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2THiL7R Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Podcast Gonzaga basketball WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Fri., Nov. 18, 2016 31˚ Business THURSDAY, SEPT. 22, 2016, 2:11 P.M. WTO slams EU over illegal Airbus subsidies By Dominic Gates Seattle Times Twitter Facebook Email Reddit SEATTLE – A World Trade Organization dispute compliance panel ruled Thursday that the European Union has fallen dramatically short of remedying the harm to Boeing caused by about $22 billion in illegal government subsidies to rival Airbus. The decision opens a path for the U.S. to implement trade sanctions against EU products and services. Ted Austell, Boeing vice president for trade issues, summarized the report as saying “the EU and Airbus did essentially nothing at all to come into compliance” after the WTO in 2010 found the European jet-maker had received illegal subsidies from France, Germany, the U.K and Spain. The subsidies came largely in the form of “launch aid” – upfront loans provided on noncommercial terms to fund Airbus’s development of new jet programs. “The language used in this WTO report is that but for the support provided by the European governments, these airplanes would not be in the marketplace” and Airbus wouldn’t have its 50 percent share of the civil airplane market, Austell said. Boeing Executive Vice President and General Counsel Michael Luttig went further. “Airbus itself likely would not even exist without illegal launch aid,” he said in a statement, adding that “Airbus’ existence continues to depend upon illegal, trade-distorting government subsidies in the form of launch aid.” Austell said the WTO found that Airbus used about $15 billion in launch aid to develop all its planes up to the A380 superjumbo, plus about $2 billion in other subsidies. In a surprise step, the WTO ruling published Thursday also ruled illegal nearly $5 billion in additional government subsidies that Airbus used to launch its latest jet, the A350 – even though those subsidies were granted after the original case was filed. The WTO decided that the launch aid for the A350, which now poses a significant competitive threat to Boeing’s 787 and 777 programs, was virtually identical to the earlier subsidies and should be covered by the same ruling. “It is apparent that the A350XWB could not have been launched and brought to market in the absence of launch aid,” the WTO report said. In assessing the competitive harm done, the report said that as a result of the Airbus launch aid, Boeing lost 50 orders in the 787 and 777 large aircraft category, 54 orders in the 747 very-large category and 71 orders in the 737 narrowbody jet category. And it cited Boeing’s loss of market share to Airbus in the EU, Australia, India, China, South Korea and Singapore. Austell also pointed to the Airbus A380 program, which faces potential closure unless the jet-maker gets significant new orders in the next couple of years – a situation Boeing also faces with the 747. However Austell said if the A380 is terminated, Airbus’s ability to walk away from its launch aid loans on that program without fully repaying them is an unacceptable advantage. “Programs like the A380 need to have a commercial consequence,” he said. “The last thing we want is for Airbus to pirouette away from that loan obligation and have no economic consequence on the balance sheet.” The EU is likely to appeal the new ruling, extending what has been an agonizingly slow legal process surrounding the case. It’s now been more than a dozen years since the U.S. first dragged the EU before the WTO dispute settlement panel. However, the ruling brings the WTO one step closer to authorizing the U.S. to take countermeasures – potentially imposing billions of dollars in tariffs on goods or services from the EU. In a statement, Boeing Chairman and Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg called the ruling “a victory for fair trade ” that “finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules.” The U.S. trade representative, Ambassador Michael Froman, called the ruling “a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers.” “We will not tolerate our trading partners, even our closest trading partners, ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers,” Froman said. In an email following the USTR news conference, Airbus Senior Vice President Rainer Ohler derided the U.S. case against Airbus, saying that the “results measured either by their own goals when this case began or by impact today, are pathetic.” Ohler said that “only tiny tweaks” will be required to make the A350 launch aid terms compliant with WTO rules. “The European public-private partnership model with reimbursable loans emerges stronger than ever, and Boeing’s cynical abuse of the U.S. military industrial complex is condemned by the WTO in ever harsher terms,” he said, referring to the EU’s parallel countersuit against Boeing. Ohler mocked the Boeing 787 as a “subsidy-liner” and said the U.S. jet-maker “has laid the biggest egg in subsidy history” with the $8.7 billion in tax breaks from the state of Washington for the 777X. Thursday’s ruling, though, zeroed in on the Airbus subsidies. It has been six years since the world trade body ruled that European government subsidies to Airbus were illegal. A year later, an appeals panel reduced the charges somewhat, but retained major findings against Airbus. It still required the EU to remedy the harm done to Boeing and to U.S. aerospace manufacturing. In December 2011, Airbus claimed it had “implemented the WTO findings” and was now in “full conformity with WTO obligations” related to funding it received from EU governments. An Airbus spokesman said at the time that the European plane-maker needed only “limited changes” in its policies and practices, a claim Boeing vigorously rejected. The new WTO report undercuts the European claim, stating that only two out of 36 actions Airbus listed in 2011 when it claimed it had met its obligations qualified as steps toward compliance. It concludes that “the European Union and certain member states have failed to take appropriate steps to remove the adverse effects or withdraw the subsidy.” Meanwhile, a countersuit the EU brought against the U.S. – including the lion’s share of the tax breaks the state of Washington granted in 2003 to its aerospace industry – is moving in parallel. In that case, the WTO ruled five years ago that a much lower level of Boeing subsidies were also illegal. However, the EU filed that suit more than a year after the U.S. filed its case against Airbus and the final outcome is still lagging. A ruling on whether the U.S. has complied with the remedies demanded in that ruling is expected by next spring. Bob Novick, former general counsel to the U.S. trade representative during President Clinton’s administration, insisted the two cases are as comparable as an elephant is to a mouse. Boeing was found guilty of receiving about $2.7 billion in subsidies, including NASA research grants and state subsidies like the Washington state tax breaks. Novick, now a managing partner at Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale & Dorr and outside counsel to Boeing on the WTO dispute, argued that the impact of those subsidies is tiny compared with the impact of the billions Airbus received upfront every time it developed a new plane. Boeing must fund new jet development programs out of profit from existing programs. “The nature of launch aid, the effect it has had in allowing Airbus to build all of its airplanes, and the harm the WTO found it caused to Boeing are not matched by anything even alleged by the EU that the U.S. gave to Boeing,” Novick said. Luttig, the Boeing general counsel, said that “whatever happens in the European cases against the United States,” Airbus now needs to end its launch aid programs. But an Airbus company spokeswoman said the EU will appeal Thursday’s ruling. She said the only details Airbus needs to address are whether the interest rate benchmark for its government loans corresponds to commercial market terms. “We are confident that we will win that point on appeal,” the spokeswoman said. “Airbus wants common sense to prevail: these disputes can only end in a balanced, mutual agreement,” she said. “Whatever Boeing will say, nobody will have to go to the bank. There have never been any repayments and there never will be, it is not in the spirit of WTO.” If the EU appeal were to fail, the U.S. could move toward imposing retaliatory tariffs. If the WTO approved retaliatory action – which could be more than $10 billion – the U.S. government would then consult with industry to determine the products or services to target for maximum political impact in the EU with least harm to the U.S. “That’s not a superfast process,” said Austell. “But it’s a well-defined deliberate process.” Political reality is that an actual trade war cannot begin in earnest until the breakdown of negotiations between the EU and U.S. Serious negotiations haven’t even begun and are unlikely until the case against Boeing reaches the same stage as this one against Airbus. Published: Sept. 22, 2016, 2:11 p.m.  Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video WTO says EU failed to comply with Airbus subsidy ruling Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Thu Sep 22, 2016 | 4:09pm EDT WTO says EU failed to comply with Airbus subsidy ruling left right An Airbus logo is pictured on the company booth during the European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition (EBACE) at Cointrin airport in Geneva, Switzerland, May 24, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse 1/3 left right People talk outside the headquarters of the World Trade Organization (WTO) in Geneva, Switzerland, June 3, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse 2/3 left right U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman speaks to reporters after a meeting with Japan's Economics Minister Akira Amari in Tokyo April 19, 2015. J REUTERS/Yuya Shino 3/3 By Tom Miles and Tim Hepher | GENEVA/PARIS GENEVA/PARIS The World Trade Organization said on Thursday the European Union had failed to rein in billions of dollars in subsidies to planemaker Airbus (AIR.PA), ratcheting up tensions in the battle for airliner orders worth trillions of dollars a decade. The ruling is part of a series of tit-for-tat transatlantic complaints about aircraft subsidies that together make up the world's largest trade dispute, still raging after 12 years of bitter arguments over support for Airbus and its rival Boeing. The WTO said the EU and four nations - Britain, France, Germany and Spain - had failed to comply with earlier rulings against all but two of 36 contested measures, including billions of dollars of European government loans to Airbus. The loans were a "genuine and substantial" cause of significant lost sales for Airbus's U.S. competitor Boeing, it said. In a blow to Europe's long-held belief that its newest and costliest jetliner, the A350, fell outside the case, the WTO for the first time said it had been subsidized but rejected U.S. claims it fell into the most toxic category of "prohibited" aid. It adopted the same pattern for the A380, the world's largest jetliner, which has always been at the heart of a case that already runs to thousands of pages in rulings and appeals. U.S. officials said Airbus had failed to undo subsidies worth $22 billion, including $4 billion for the A350, on which Airbus's prospects in the wide-body jet market largely depend. European industry officials dispute those numbers, saying they overstate the amount of support at stake within the loans. U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said the subsidies had cost the United States exports worth tens of billions of dollars and urged Europe to end subsidized financing "immediately". The EU, however, suggested it would appeal the latest findings, saying it found some of the report "unsatisfactory". The European Commission said the 574-page document should be read in the context of two other WTO reports expected to address U.S. subsidies to Boeing (BA.N) in coming months. It comes amid a U.S. presidential campaign where claims that U.S. companies are suffering from alleged cheating by foreign competitors is a prime topic for both candidates, and amid growing support for protectionism on both sides of the Atlantic. In earlier findings, the WTO ruled that both Airbus and Boeing received illegal subsidies worth billions of dollars. Both sides have sought WTO permission to draw up sanctions that could penalize other industries, with the U.S. calling for up to $10 billion in counter-measures and the EU $12 billion. But no reprisals are expected until the WTO process, which is already running about three years behind schedule, has been exhausted, which trade sources say could take months or years. Many analysts expect a negotiated settlement instead. PING-PONG Officials in both camps said they were ready to negotiate, but robust comments from both planemakers and upcoming elections in the United States as well as France and Germany - the main home to Airbus - suggested little immediate room for maneuver. In a game of ping-pong that could determine how other jet manufacturers are regulated, Boeing dismissed as "happy talk" a statement from Airbus claiming near-victory and suggesting only minor tweaks in its funding system, while an Airbus spokesman said Boeing was "in denial" about subsidies for its own jets. The public clash came as both sides digest unpublished new WTO findings in a third pillar to the dispute, brought by the EU over Washington tax breaks to Boeing, at least part of which Airbus says it expects to fall into the 'prohibited' bucket. Boeing sought to dispel the notion that the three cases are interconnected and resolution of one depends on the other: an important point for it to win if retaliation is to begin any time soon. "We're confident that the United States will pursue those remedies necessary," said Ted Austell, Boeing's vice president of regulatory affairs. Airbus strategy appeared to be to hold out for a more favorable ruling on Boeing aid early next year. "Boeing might later be hit by a rock when the next WTO ruling comes," Chief Executive Tom Enders said on Twitter. (Additional reporting by David Lawder and Alwyn Scott; Writing by Tim Hepher; Editing by Mark Potter and Susan Fenton) Next In Aerospace & Defense Fantasy sports arch rivals DraftKings, FanDuel to merge SAN FRANCISCO After tussling for years to win customers, the two biggest U.S. companies in fantasy sports, DraftKings and FanDuel, said on Friday they are teaming up in a merger that will cut down on legal bills and advertising spending. Thales in talks with Latour Capital on sale of road toll revenue arm PARIS French defense electronics group Thales has started exclusive talks with private equity firm Latour Capital over the sale of one of its businesses that handles ticketing and revenue collection for transport operators. U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran WASHINGTON The U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill on Thursday that would block the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a bid to stop sales by Boeing and Airbus that have already been approved by President Barack Obama's administration. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Drug war packs Filipino jail Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Wolfgang Schäuble sets out tough line on Brexit Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports China’s hairy crab scandal reveals depth of pollution crisis Japan’s Abe calls Trump ‘a leader I can trust’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports Japan’s Abe calls Trump ‘a leader I can trust’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Trump looks to close Washington’s revolving door Fed chief Yellen stands by central bank independence Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read US tech groups scramble with post-election soul-searching Trump supporters call for Pepsi boycott Apple offers cure for iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ JPMorgan to pay $264m penalty for hiring ‘princelings’ UK regulator plans shake-up of fund sector Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Trump policy questions, Volkswagen slashes jobs and Britain’s metric martyrs Death of India’s big bank notes spells pain for gold and real estate US and EM investors take opposing bets on Trump’s presidency Wall Street eyes record levels as dollar hits 13-year highs The Trump trade is the dog that will bark and bark Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read India: Narendra Modi’s bonfire of the rupees Nigel Farage as envoy to Donald Trump: the go-between from hell Now Angela Merkel wears the west’s mantle Wall Street looks like a winner under Donald Trump The dangers of striking a grand bargain with Putin Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Google Home — a better virtual assistant Estée Lauder applies millennial makeover Robots muscle in on the job interview Review — ‘Working the phones’, by Jamie Woodcock Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Hannah Winterbourne, Britain’s highest ranking transgender soldier High stakes: Eli Lilly’s hunt for an Alzheimer’s drug Lunch with the FT: Ali al-Naimi on two decades as Saudi’s oil king Trump: a liberal loser responds The feel-better guide to style Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: WTO gives Boeing lift with Airbus ruling Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Premium Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
null
null
November 18, 2016 0346 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:169097 Publish Date: Thu, 22 Sep 2016 23:02:37 GMT Service: Iran US OK on Iran plane deals to break ‘taboo’ Experts say the authorizations by the US Treasury Department for global aviation giants Airbus and Boeing will help wash away fears of banks and businesses in doing business with Iran. The US Treasury Department on Wednesday issued licenses to global aviation giants Boeing and Airbus to sell planes to Iran after a delay of multiple months. The deals of the two companies –once completed – will mark the biggest transactions in Iran’s business environment after the January removal of the sanctions.   Experts, as cited by media, emphasized that this will be specifically significant when considering that major banks and businesses still fear backlash from the remaining US sanctions against Iran and have accordingly largely stayed away from the lucrative Iranian market.    "A taboo has been broken. This deal will ease the fears of major foreign banks and companies which want to work with Iran," AFP quoted an unnamed official of an Iranian private as saying. "It will allow financial channels to be put into place for big foreign banks to work with Iran."  Iran and the five permanent members of the Security Council plus Germany – the P5+1 – reached an agreement last summer by means of which Iran would restrict certain aspects of its nuclear energy activities in return for the removal of certain economic sanctions against the country by the P5+1.  The deal came into effect in January and literally opened the way for companies to approach the Iranian market.     Media have cited experts as saying that businesses will see the deals of Airbus and Boeing as examples of how business can be done with Iran without any fear of remaining US sanctions against the country.    “It removes some uncertainty,” Howard Rubel, an analyst at Jefferies, told the Irish Times of Boeing’s license. “It says that commerce is important and commerce builds bridges. It is also a pathfinder for other people that may want to do business with Iran over time.” Meanwhile, Iran has indicated that it expects the licenses that the US Treasury Department has issued to Boeing and Airbus to lead to lead to wider authorizations in the near future.   Abbas Araqchi, Iran's deputy foreign minister, was quoted by media as saying on Thursday that licenses would follow "in coming weeks", in comments following a meeting between Iran and major powers in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, AFP added. Meanwhile, Iran’s President Hassan Rouhani openly criticized the US Treasury Department for "complicating transactions" between Tehran and foreign companies and banks as an instance of Washington’s failure to implement the terms of the nuclear deal.   In his address to the UN General Assembly, Rouhani described US delays in implementing the nuclear deal as a “strategic mistake” that, as he emphasized, “needs to be compensated immediately”.     KeyWords US Iran business   Related News : US, Britain, France, Germany back business with Iran Iran's Rouhani calls for end to hostility with any country Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Iran beats Saudi Arabia in India oil supply drive OPEC moves closer to output deal as Iran gets new offer Tremor shakes western Iran Norway’s DNO to study key Iranian oil field Saudi-proposed anti-Syria resolution rewarding terror sponsors: Iran Iran rejects 'baseless' claims by Arab states Iran warns against Israel’s bid to erase al-Quds Islamic identity Senior Iranian official warns US against failing to comply with nuclear deal Germany will try to ensure Iran nuclear deal survives with Trump Iran pours cold water on Hong Kong Most Visited Obama vows to veto bill seeking to block Iran plane sales US House renews sanctions on Iran, sets sanctions on Syria Trump not going to ‘hurt’ Clinton www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/5196 sec

null
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Nasdaq Hits Record High, Pulls Back News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Boeing, Lockheed Seen Losing India Fighter Pact To France's Dassault The governments of France and India are expected to announce a deal Friday for 36 Rafale jets. (U.S. Navy) GILLIAN RICH 9/22/2016 Reprints Boeing (BA) and Lockheed Martin (LMT) did their best to woo Indian officials, but France's Dassault is expected to win a lucrative deal with New Delhi to supply its Rafale fighter. The Financial Times reported Thursday that French defense minister Jean-Yves Le Drian was headed to India to sign a deal between the two governments. And on Wednesday, Reuters said India's cabinet OK'd the purchase of 36 Rafale fighter jets for nearly $9 billion. The deal is excepted to be official on Friday. France will provide spare parts for seven years and technical support, according to the FT. Boeing's F/A-18, Lockheed's F-16 and BAE's Eurofighter were also under consideration. Lockheed even offered in August to move its F-16 manufacturing to India, which would have given the country increased power over potential sales of the jet to its foe Pakistan. During U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter's visit to India in April, he reportedly pushed for a Boeing or Lockheed buy. Boeing shares finished 1% higher in the stock market today. Lockheed shares rose 1.15%. IBD'S TAKE: Defense contractors are battling for foreign military sales, but the stakes are also high at home as Boeing, Lockheed, and others look to sign helicopter, missile and trainer jet deals worth billions of dollars with the Pentagon.  India chose Dassault in 2012 to build 126 new fighters as it looked to start replacing its roughly 900 fighters, mostly Russian built aircraft nearing the end of their lives. But negotiations stalled, and in July the government canceled the program, opting instead for a government-to-government deal. Meanwhile, highly anticipated sales of U.S. fighter jets to Kuwait, Bahrain and Qatar are still on hold. Industry experts were expecting the deals to get final approval from the White House after a $38 billion defense aid package was signed with Israel last week. Qatar has requested 72 Boeing F-15E Strike Eagles, and Kuwait wants 28 Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornets. Bahrain reportedly wants to order up to 18 F-16s from Lockheed. The deals have been in limbo for over two years as Israel gets special considerations from the U.S. to maintain weapons superiority over its neighbors. But Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told Defense News to expect approval for the Middle Eastern deals soon. Another foreign deal is also on the horizon. On Wednesday, the State Department approved the sale of four Boeing KC-46 refueling tankers to Japan, according to the Defense Security Cooperation Agency. The deal is estimated at $1.9 billion. Tokyo announced it wanted to buy the tanker last year and Boeing beat out the Airbus (EADSY) A330 Multi-Role Tanker Transport for the bid. RELATED:  Future Tanker Could Be Stealthy, Laser-Armed To Keep Up With F-35   GILLIAN RICH | Facebook | @IBD_GRich Share this: Related news Lockheed Martin shares are on the flight deck, but are holding just below a buy point. (Lockheed Martin) 5 Defense Stocks In Or Near Buy Zones After Big Trump Offensive 11/17/2016 Lockheed Martin and other defense stocks are consolidating in or near buy zones after big postelection gains. 11/17/2016 Lockheed Martin and other defense stocks are consolidating in or... More Boeing Orders Delayed As United Joins Southwest New Highs Plentiful; 'Trump Trade' Continues In Many Names BofA, Wells Fargo Downgraded; Lockheed, Northrop Price Targets Hiked Trump, China's Xi Talk Trade; But Apple, Boeing Warned Boeing, Airbus Supplier TransDigm Guides 2017 Low Amid Caution Trump Wants To Beef Up Military, But Funding Could Be The Enemy Netflix, Lockheed, IBM Upgraded; Qualcomm Downgraded; Taser PT Hiked Caterpillar Stock Soars On Trump Win On Hope For Coal; GE, Boeing Up Today's Spotlight Las Vegas Traders Expo Join IBD for free investing workshops and get product trying at our booth. Portfolio Management Webinar Join us and learn how to maximize your results by rotating cash into your best-performing stocks. Try SwingTrader Free Our new product applies IBD’s CAN SLIM Investing System to help you capture short term trends. More News Bullish on banks? Get in line. (iStockphoto) 6 Best ETFs To Profit From The Trump Effect On The Stock Market (© Richard B. Levine/Newscom) IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues See what adding futures can do for your trading strategy. Promoted Content By CME Group Special Report (AMLA) L.A. Auto Show 2016: News, Interviews, Videos, New Car Models See from-the-floor coverage and videos of the L.A. Auto Show. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing still studying larger 737 Max 10 to enter service after 2019 By Reuters Published: 15:10 EST, 22 September 2016 | Updated: 15:10 EST, 22 September 2016 e-mail By Conor Humphries Seattle, Sept 22 (Reuters) - Boeing Co is still studying whether to build a larger version of its best-selling 737 aircraft to counter runaway sales by rival Airbus of a large version of its competing plane, a senior executive said. The company has not made a decision yet to build the larger jet, dubbed the 737 MAX 10, said Michael Teal, vice president and chief project engineer of the 737 MAX program. "We're looking at various alternatives ... different varieties of engines, fuselage length," Teal said in an interview at Boeing's 737 production facility in Renton, Washington on Tuesday evening. "It is being studied and it's just a determination if we find the right solution for the customer and the timing and how much change we would have to do to make that work," he said. The Airbus A321neo can hold up to 240 passengers, compared with a maximum of 220 on the planned 737 MAX 9. The MAX 10 would be developed after its other MAX variants. It would enter service after the smallest version, the MAX 7, comes out in 2019, Teal said. Boeing is studying a wide range of options for the larger planes, including using the engines designed for a single-aisle plane being developed by China's COMAC. Boeing already has decided to enlarge the MAX 7, adding 12 seats. The MAX 7 will have a range of around 3,500 to 3,600 nautical miles, longer than the MAX 8, he said. Flight testing of the initial 737 MAX 8 planes is on schedule and expected to conclude late this year or early next year, allowing the first 737 MAXs to go to customers in 2017. "We're gonna meet that," Teal said. "It's going pretty well. All four airplanes are flying." Boeing has already built 10 MAX planes and the 11th is in production now. The company is building the 787 MAX 8 first, with delivery in 2017, followed by the MAX 9 in 2018 and the MAX 7 in 2019. Teal said he didn't have concerns about supply chain problems as 737 production rates increase and the Max comes into service. Most of its 737 production in 2017 will be 737 NG (next generation) models, making more MAX models by the end of 2018, he said. (Writing by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

null
null
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Sat, Nov 19, 2016, 2:46 AM AEDT - Australia Markets closed US, Boeing claim victory after WTO says Airbus illegally subsidizedAFP – Thu, Sep 22, 2016 6:29 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo An Airbus A380 aircraft performs during a flying display at the Farnborough Airshow, south west of London, on July 14, 2016 US trade officials and Boeing declared victory Thursday after the World Trade Organization ruled the European Union had failed to end illegal subsidies for Airbus. In Geneva the global free-trade arbiter said the EU and member states had failed to implement earlier rulings, telling them to remove subsidies that Boeing alleges helped Airbus beat it in major multi-billion dollar contract battles. US Trade Representative Michael Froman said the WTO found that Airbus had won aircraft sales deals over Boeing in Europe, China, India and other countries helped by $22 billion in illegal subsidies. "This report is a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers," said US Trade Representative Michael Froman said. "We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves." Boeing claimed that, as a result of the ruling Thursday, the United States could levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year. "Today's ruling confirms that Airbus both failed to withdraw old subsidies and instead put in place new subsidies for a grand total of almost $22 billion," Boeing said. "The next step for the US government is to obtain WTO authorization to impose billions in retaliatory duties." The ruling was only the most recent step in a years-long fight between the two sides over support and subsidies given their respective aircraft builders. Both Airbus and Boeing are leading employers and exporters on their home turf, and compete head-to-head to sell to airlines around the world. The European Union, in a statement, said that it found some of the WTO findings "to be unsatisfactory," and noted it had the right to appeal the ruling. It also pointed out that the WTO is likely to rule in the coming months on EU and Airbus complaints on what they say is illegal US support for Boeing. - 'Ready to negotiate' - US trade officials did not say they were preparing to request WTO approval for retaliatory duties yet, as the European Union can appeal Thursday's ruling. "We are ready to negotiate if it (the EU) is interested," a US trade official said. An Airbus spokeswoman claimed in a statement that the WTO ruling mostly backs their argument that the support the company received was mostly legal. "We only needed to make limited changes in European policies and practices to comply," she said. "This case should not be seen in isolation. There are already decisions condemning Boeing's abusive and illegal subsidies. So it appears that Boeing and the US continue to litigate mainly to try to justify their own grab for state cash." - 12 year old case - Thursday's ruling focused on a series of complaints that began in 2004. In 2011 the WTO ruled that the European Union -- and, individually, France, Germany, Spain and Britain -- had to take 36 specific steps for withdrawing several support and subsidy programs for Airbus. The case particularly focused on EU "launch aid" loans to help Airbus develop and bring aircraft to market. Subsequently US officials complained to the WTO's compliance panel that the European Union and the named countries had not followed through in most cases. Washington also expanded its attacks on alleged support for newer aircraft being sold by Airbus, the A350 XWB and the A380. The compliance panel ruled mostly in Boeing's favor, including on some subsidies for the A350 XWB. "Today?s WTO report reinforces the value of international trade rules that ensure US companies and workers can compete and sell their world-class products and services on a level playing field," said Froman. "We expect the EU, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, and Spain ?- some of our closest trading partners ?- to respect WTO rules. We call on them to end subsidized financing of Airbus immediately." @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Water fight could drench backpacker billAAP A stoush over water reform could sink the government's hopes of getting its backpacker tax through parliament. … VW to cut 30,000 jobs, 23,000 in GermanyAAP Kogan welcomes prospect of AmazonAAP Crean enlisted to help Latrobe ValleyAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7352 -0.0064 -0.86% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5968 -0.0001 -0.02% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.6944 -0.0033 -0.47% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Golden pheasant Health insurance ISIS Melbourne Cheap international flights 457 visa program Mobile phone Leonard Cohen Adelaide Accommodation Brendan Dassey iPad Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
November 18, 2016 0346 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:169095 Publish Date: Thu, 22 Sep 2016 21:35:46 GMT Service: Iran Iran says purchases from Boeing ‘easier’ Iran says it expects the proceedings to purchase planes from US aviation giant Boeing to proceed faster than that with Airbus. “Negotiations with Boeing started much longer [after Airbus] but it appears they will lead to success sooner,” said Asghar Fakhriyeh Kashan, Iran’s deputy minister of roads and transportation.  “This is because the structure of negotiations with Boeing is different from that of Airbus”.   Fakhriyeh Kashan further said that Boeing has sent the text of its contract to Iran to be studied by the related authorities.   He added that top officials from the company will visit Tehran next week to push talks toward the finalization of the contract.    On a related front, Boeing announced on Wednesday that the US Treasury Department had issued the required authorization to the company to sell 80 planes from a total package of 109 planes to the Islamic Republic.   Airbus also confirmed on the same day that it had it received a license for an initial sale of 17 planes.  Back in January, Tehran signed a major contract with Airbus to buy 118 planes. The accord was inked during Iranian President Hassan Rouhani's visit to Paris. However, Fakhrieh Kashan said earlier this week the country had cut the number of planes to be purchased to 112.  The change was seen to have been adopted to expedite the process for Airbus to receive export approvals from the US Treasury Department.   Iran had previously voiced concern at the amount of time it was taking to receive US export licenses. Fakhrieh Kashan had previously warned that any failure by the US to approve the licenses would breach a nuclear deal that Iran sealed with the P5+1 group of countries – the five permanent members of the UN Security Council plus Germany – last year. The official emphasized on Thursday that the issues relating to the banking and funding of the planned purchase from Airbus have been resolved.  He added that Iran would buy 111 planes from Airbus through a finance scheme of below $10 billion, and that a financer will make almost all the payments relating to the purchase.     KeyWords Iran purchases easier   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Iran beats Saudi Arabia in India oil supply drive OPEC moves closer to output deal as Iran gets new offer Tremor shakes western Iran Norway’s DNO to study key Iranian oil field Saudi-proposed anti-Syria resolution rewarding terror sponsors: Iran Iran rejects 'baseless' claims by Arab states Iran warns against Israel’s bid to erase al-Quds Islamic identity Senior Iranian official warns US against failing to comply with nuclear deal Germany will try to ensure Iran nuclear deal survives with Trump Iran pours cold water on Hong Kong Most Visited Obama vows to veto bill seeking to block Iran plane sales US House renews sanctions on Iran, sets sanctions on Syria Trump not going to ‘hurt’ Clinton www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0692 sec
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Executive Moves / Jim Chilton Promoted to Boeing Network & Space Systems Business President Jim Chilton Promoted to Boeing Network & Space Systems Business President Mary-Louise Hoffman September 22, 2016 Executive Moves, News 2,454 Views Jim Chilton Jim Chilton, vice president of strategic missiles and defense systems at Boeing (NYSE: BA), has been promoted to president of the aerospace and defense contractor’s network and space systems business in a move that takes effect Oct. 21. Boeing said Thursday the 32-year company veteran will succeed Craig Cooning, who has led N&SS since July 2014 and will retire after an 11-year career with the Chicago-based airplane maker. N&SS generates nearly $7.8 billion in annual revenue, or approximately one-fourth of the company’s $30.9 billion total defense segment sales. Boeing has also formed a strategic defense and intelligence systems unit within the N&SS business in a move to consolidate the strategic missiles and defense systems and electronic and information solutions businesses. Chris Raymond, current VP and general manager of E&IS, will lead the new SD&IS organization. SD&IS will offer a portfolio of undersea mission, intelligence, signals intelligence, analytics, advanced missile, sensor and missile defense systems for space, air, land, sea, undersea and cyber applications. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ba Boeing chris raymond Craig Cooning Executive moves featured govcon jim chilton network and space systems NSS SD&IS strategic defense and intelligence systems Related Articles State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms November 18, 2016 Check Also Ensco Wins $145M AF Space & Missile Systems Center Support Contract Ensco has won a potential six-year, $145 million contract to perform systems engineering and integration efforts … Army Picks 3 Companies for $75M Horizontal Construction Services Contract AECOM (NYSE: ACM), Granite Construction and Kiewit Infrastructure West have won a $75 million shared contract for horizontal construction … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit November 18, 2016 State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms November 18, 2016 Ensco Wins $145M AF Space & Missile Systems Center Support Contract November 18, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 9,037 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,528 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,392 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,435 BC Partners, Medina Capital Seek to Add Analytics, Machine Learning Tools to Cyber JV Via Brainspace Purchase November 7, 2016 2,135 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force DOD press release U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz SC3 Appoints Natl Security Industry Vet Susan Holley as Business Devt SVP Mitre Appoints Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan to Board of Trustees AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments @Follow Me CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit https://t.co/SWCrIKMUC1 #cae #canada21 mins ago .@StateDept clears potential $21B F-15 sale to Qatar #GovCon https://t.co/Ko5OV5E9n12 hours ago .@StateDept OKs $10B sale of @Boeing $BA Super Hornet, @northropgrumman $NOC, @Raytheon $RTN tools to Kuwait #GovCon https://t.co/nTGtzF6GqJ2 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Login Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business International Trade Nation & World Politics Airbus scoffs, Boeing crows as WTO slams EU for failing to address illegal subsidies Originally published September 22, 2016 at 7:35 am Updated September 22, 2016 at 8:38 pm The WTO decided that launch aid for the A350, which now poses a significant competitive threat to Boeing’s 787 and 777 programs, was virtually identical to earlier subsidies and should be covered by its 2010 subsidy ruling. (AP Photo/Bob Edme) A dozen years after the U.S. first dragged the European Union to the WTO, the trade body ruled Thursday the EU hasn’t done enough to remedy the harm done by Airbus subsidies. Boeing declared victory while Airbus scoffed. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter A World Trade Organization (WTO) compliance panel ruled Thursday that the European Union has fallen dramatically short of remedying the harm to Boeing from illegal subsidies to Airbus. The decision opens a path for the U.S. to implement trade sanctions against the EU — potentially imposing billions of dollars in tariffs on its goods or services. In an early-morning news teleconference, the U.S. Trade Representative, Ambassador Michael Froman, called the ruling “a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers.” “We will not tolerate our trading partners, even our closest trading partners, ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers,” Froman said. Most Read Stories Trump supporter in state Senate says some protests are ‘economic terrorism,’ should be felonies Flesh-eating bacteria traced to tilapia bought from Bellevue market Earl Thomas, Rob Gronkowski have cool Twitter exchange about hard hit in Sunday's game Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West Coast Cheap Eats: Some of Seattle’s greatest food isn’t found at the priciest places | PNW Magazine  WATCHUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Yet Airbus officials and some independent analysts shrugged off the ruling as another empty step in a tortuous proceeding that’s going nowhere — very slowly. It’s now more than a dozen years since the U.S. first dragged the European Union (EU) before the WTO dispute-settlement panel, and the EU will almost certainly appeal the new ruling. Scott Hamilton, Bainbridge Island-based aviation expert with Leeham.net, said he would be “shocked if tariffs are imposed on any Airbus or Boeing products and it would be stupid to impose tariffs against unrelated industries.” Still, Ted Austell, Boeing vice president for trade issues, declared the ruling a comprehensive legal beating for Airbus. He summarized the WTO report as saying “the EU and Airbus did essentially nothing at all to come into compliance” after the trade organization found the European jet maker had received illegal subsidies from France, Germany, the U.K. and Spain. The subsidies came largely in the form of “launch aid” — upfront loans to fund Airbus’ development of new jet programs. Boeing says Airbus used about $15 billion in launch aid to develop all its planes up to the A380 superjumbo, plus about $2 billion in other subsidies. In 2010, the WTO ruled those loans illegal because the European governments gave Airbus the money on highly favorable, noncommercial terms. In a surprise step, Thursday’s WTO ruling also declared illegal nearly $5 billion in additional government loans that Airbus used to launch its latest jet, the A350, which competes with Boeing’s 787 and 777 airplanes. Though those loans were granted after the U.S. filed its original case, the WTO decided they should be covered by the same ruling. “It is apparent that the A350XWB could not have been launched and brought to market in the absence of launch aid,” the WTO report said. In assessing the competitive harm done, the report said that, as a result of the Airbus launch aid, Boeing lost 50 orders in the 787/777 large-aircraft category, 54 in the 747 very-large jet category and 271 in the 737 narrowbody-jet category. Airbus reacts In a statement, Boeing Chairman and Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said the ruling “finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules.” In response, Airbus Chief Executive Tom Enders said Muilenburg “should be careful throwing stones at us while he himself sits in a glass house.” “Boeing might later be hit by a rock when the next WTO ruling comes,” Enders added, referring to the EU’s parallel countersuit against Boeing. In an email after the U.S. Trade Representative’s news conference, Airbus Senior Vice President Rainer Ohler derided the WTO process as “pathetic,” saying it has so far produced no material result for Boeing. He said “only tiny tweaks” will be required to make the A350 launch-aid terms compliant with WTO rules. Ohler praised the European “public-private partnership model,” based on providing reimbursable loans, as “stronger than ever.” In contrast, he was cynical about the U.S. alternative of government funding. He characterized Boeing as tapping “the U.S. military-industrial complex” for money. Ohler also mocked the Boeing 787 as a “subsidy-liner” and said the U.S. jet maker “has laid the biggest egg in subsidy history” with the $8.7 billion in tax breaks for the 777X from the state of Washington. Protracted procedures Inescapably, though, Thursday’s ruling zeroed in on the Airbus subsidies. It has been six years since the world trade body ruled that European government subsidies to Airbus were illegal. A year later, an appeals panel reduced the charges somewhat, but retained major findings against Airbus and required the EU to remedy the harm done to Boeing. The new report undercut the European claim that only “limited changes” in its practices will suffice to fix its funding model. Only two of 36 actions Airbus took toward meeting its WTO obligations qualified as steps toward compliance, the report said. Austell, of Boeing, pointed to the Airbus A380 program as a clear example of how launch aid distorts the market. The A380 program faces potential closure unless the jet maker gets significant new orders in the next couple of years — a situation Boeing also faces with the 747. If the A380 is terminated, Austell said, Airbus’ ability to walk away from its launch-aid loans on that program without fully repaying them is an unacceptable advantage. “Programs like the A380 need to have a commercial consequence,” he said. “The last thing we want is for Airbus to pirouette away from that loan obligation … and have no economic consequence on the balance sheet.” Countersuit vs. Boeing Meanwhile, a countersuit the EU brought against U.S. for subsidies to Boeing is moving in parallel. In that case, the WTO ruled five years ago that a much lower level of Boeing subsidies were also illegal. Boeing was found guilty of receiving about $2.7 billion in subsidies, including NASA research grants and state subsidies such as the 2003 tax breaks granted by the state of Washington. However, the EU filed that suit more than a year after the U.S. filed its case against Airbus, and its outcome is still lagging. A ruling on U.S. compliance with the remedies demanded in that ruling is expected by next spring. Bob Novick, former general counsel to the U.S. Trade Representative during President Clinton’s administration, insisted the two cases are as comparable as an elephant is to a mouse. Novick, now a managing partner at Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale & Dorr and outside counsel to Boeing on the WTO dispute, argued that the impact of those subsidies is tiny compared with the impact of the billions Airbus received upfront every time it developed a new plane. “The nature of launch aid, the effect it has had in allowing Airbus to build all of its airplanes, and the harm the WTO found it caused to Boeing are not matched by anything even alleged by the EU that the U.S. gave to Boeing,” Novick said. Trade war? Michael Lutting, Boeing executive vice president and general counsel, said that “whatever happens in the European cases against the United States,” Airbus needs to end its launch-aid programs. But a European source close to the Airbus case, who asked not to be identified, characterized the whole WTO process as a waste of time and money that will not produce any enforceable outcome. This person said Boeing has merely succeeded in proving the toothlessness of the WTO to the Chinese, the Russians and other competitors. He pointed out that Canada recently poured $2 billion directly into Montreal-based Bombardier’s new CSeries jet program, unafraid of any consequences at the WTO. Richard Aboulafia, aviation analyst with the Teal Group, agreed. “It’s a nice moral victory. It validates what Boeing has been saying. But how does it produce anything tangible?” he asked. “It won’t change much.” Leeham.net’s Hamilton was even more cynical. “Only the lawyers get rich,” he said. An Airbus spokeswoman said any appeal of the ruling will likely center on the narrow issue of whether the interest rates for its government loans correspond to commercial terms. “We are confident that we will win that point on appeal,” the spokeswoman said. “Whatever Boeing will say, nobody will have to go to the bank. There have never been any repayments and there never will be. It is not in the spirit of WTO.” Assuming an EU appeal failed and the WTO approved retaliatory tariffs — which could potentially amount to more than $10 billion — the U.S. government could then move to slap tariffs on EU products or services. Political reality is that a trade war would not begin without serious negotiations between the EU and U.S. Such negotiations are unlikely until the case against Boeing reaches the same stage as the one against Airbus and all appeals in both are exhausted. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
null


null
null
null

Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Transatlantic trade war in the offing after Boeing claims victory following WTO ruling on Airbus's EU subsidies Julia Bradshaw 22 September 2016 • 6:12pm A fresh transatlantic trade war is in the offing after the World Trade Organisation (WTO) ruled against the European Union in a long-running legal battle over billions of pounds of state aid to aviation giant Airbus. The WTO ruled so-called "launch aid" loans given to Airbus by EU members to develop its fleet had caused a “genuine and substantial” loss of sales for its competitor Boeing. It also slammed the EU for failing to rein in billions of dollars in illegal subsidies, despite being told to do so. Four EU member states – France, Germany, Spain and Britain – had not complied with WTO calls to phase out subsidies, the intergovernmental trade body said. The dramatic ruling has set the stage for the United States to seek up to $10bn (£7.6bn) in annual trade tariffs on EU imports, according to Boeing. It's the latest step in a more than decade-old trade spat between rivals Airbus and Boeing, pitting the European Union against the United States. The Obama Administration hailed the decision an "important victory". US trade representative Michael Froman called on the EU, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Spain "to respect WTO rules". "We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves. We will not tolerate our trading partners ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers and their families," he said. In a blow to Europe's long-held argument that the most recent Airbus jet, the A350, fell outside the case, the WTO said funding for the jet had been subsidised, but rejected US claims that it fell into the most serious category of "prohibited" aid. Boeing executive vice president and general counsel J. Michael Luttig said that "the day of reckoning for launch aid has finally arrived". "The World Trade Organisation has now found that Airbus is and always has been a creature of government and of illegal government subsidy," he said The case is the biggest to go before the WTO. It began in 2006, when the US government brought a claim to the WTO against the EU, alleging unfair state support for Airbus. Since then, both sides have won and lost complaints filed against one another. Boeing's chairman and chief executive, Dennis Muilenburg, said: "Today's historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules. This long-awaited decision is a victory for fair trade worldwide and for US aerospace workers, in particular." However, the win is likely to be short-lived for Boeing, as the WTO is due to make another ruling, which is expected to fault the US  for indirect subsidies to Boeing through, among other things, state tax breaks. The EU has suggested it will appeal the latest WTO findings, saying it found some of the report "unsatisfactory". "We are closely analysing the report," the European Commission said. Airbus, for its part, claimed it conformed with most global trade commitments and denied that it broke WTO rules.  "We only needed to make limited changes in European policies and practices to comply," a spokesman said. "The US started this dispute claiming Airbus was receiving illegal subsidies, but the WTO decided otherwise. "We did what we needed to do and did it in the agreed timeframe. Airbus and its European partners met their obligations to withdraw any subsidy elements or eliminate adverse effects. “Airbus wants common sense to prevail. Whatever Boeing will say, nobody will have to go to the bank. There have never been any repayments and there never will be, it is not in the spirit of WTO." Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: aviation Airbus airline industry Boeing Show more Business latest 01:21 18 Nov 2016, 3:41pm When is Black Friday 2016 and what are the best deals so far? 18 Nov 2016, 3:40pm Comment: For the first time since I began to invest in any serious way, I have sold a significant chunk of my portfolio  Richard Evans Premium 18 Nov 2016, 3:39pm Rio executive linked to bribery scandal quits job at Rolls-Royce 18 Nov 2016, 3:35pm Live Euro suffers longest losing streak on record, as Goldman Sachs predicts pound will sink to $1.14 by end-2017 18 Nov 2016, 3:00pm Autumn Statement 2016: predictions and rumours 18 Nov 2016, 2:51pm Nationwide pulls out of commercial property lending 18 Nov 2016, 2:08pm Protecting jobs is our priority, says top Bank of England official as fightback against central bank criticism continues 18 Nov 2016, 1:50pm Comment: The last thing UK insurers need is more strangulating regulation Juliet Samuel Premium 18 Nov 2016, 12:10pm Three Mobile hack: how to protect yourself if you've been affected  18 Nov 2016, 11:12am FCA plans fees shake-up for asset management industry 18 Nov 2016, 9:59am Fullers toasts craft beer boom as pint sales fall 18 Nov 2016, 9:31am Volkswagen to slash 30,000 jobs worldwide following emissions scandal  18 Nov 2016, 8:27am Questor: Buy-to-let isn't dead, so invest in this niche lender Premium 18 Nov 2016, 4:06am Donald Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico 18 Nov 2016, 12:01am Phase out UK carbon tax to avoid importing dirty power from Europe, says think-tank 17 Nov 2016, 10:27pm Majestic Wine pins its hopes on seasonal surge in sales and profits 17 Nov 2016, 9:06pm Comment: Shop till you drop: Brexit Britain can't stop spending Allister Heath Premium 17 Nov 2016, 8:02pm Big Six energy giants 'don't need to raise prices this winter' 17 Nov 2016, 7:55pm JP Morgan fined $264m for breaching bribery laws by hiring Chinese 'princelings' 17 Nov 2016, 7:25pm Yellen steams ahead on Fed rate rise but concerns mount on dollar shock  17 Nov 2016, 7:01pm Pound drops back below $1.25 despite bumper UK retail sales, as Fed's Yellen warns against delaying hikes too long If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
null
null
Close Mother views parenting as full-time job Education: Raising children is top priority for families - Brownsville Herald: Education Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 73° Overcast Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Registration still open for Turkey Trot The 34th annual Turkey Trot Run For Your Heart takes place Saturday, and there’s still time to register for the event if you haven’t done so already. Posted: November 17 rss Texas News Trump to deal with surging migration to US, scant resources Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5' game Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Triple Chance' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Two Step' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest No. 4 Michigan hosts Indiana in last home game of season AP Updated ANN ARBOR, Mich. (AP) — Michigan had momentum going in the wrong direction when Jim Harbaugh came back to the campus where he was a star quarterback. Updated: 4:15 am Sports, College Football, College Sports More From The Latest Cougars ruin No. 3 Louisville's playoff hopes with 36-10 win Panthers beat Saints 23-20 in game marred by injuries Houston spoils Louisville's playoff hopes with 36-10 win Dubnyk gets league-best 4th shutout as Wild beat Bruins 1-0 Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: Hurricane Safety Guide Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Education Mother views parenting as full-time job Education: Raising children is top priority for families Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Monday, March 19, 2001 12:00 am Mother views parenting as full-time job Education: Raising children is top priority for families By Michael Hall The Brownsville Herald On most mornings, Kris Merhi can be found walking in Sunrise Mall. It is about the only time she has to herself. She dedicates the rest of her time to raising her three children one in elementary, another in middle school and the oldest in high school. I used to take them all to school, she said. Now things are a bit easier. She takes Jenna, 8 to her third-grade class at Egly Elementary. Jamie, 11 catches a bus around 6:30 a.m. to Oliveira Middle School. Sharif, 18, is a senior and drives to Hanna High School. All three are enrolled in Gifted and Talented classes, which is partly the result of their mothers involvement in their schooling and which requires her continuing commitment to their education. I stayed home a lot of years and that has made a difference, Merhi said. I help them with their homework. I make sure they do their projects on time. I make sure they do well in school. At home, children and adults post their own schedules. We try to coordinate and double up when they have something on the same day, Merhi said. Extra-curricular activities Mehri tries to limit her childrens activities to one area to make life simple. My daughter is in Brownies now, Merhi said. Jamie used to be in the Cub Scouts. Sharif played basketball. If they have too many interests, they cant do it all. Basically you can let them choose one extra-curricular thing they like a lot, otherwise they will want to do everything. I dont think thats good for them, either. They get over-tired, Merhi said. She also has learned to give her children enough time to themselves. I think kids need free time, too, Merhi said. They need creative time, to play on their own, or outdoors. They need unstructured time. She said many parents do not realize this. They put them (their kids) in a class for everything. They have something every day of the week scheduled. I think thats too much. Responsibilities The kids are mostly my responsibility, Merhi said. Her husband, Dean, is a truck driver and on the road a lot. He does local and some long-haul driving for HAJ Enterprises. She has made personal career sacrifices. Merhi said she has 11 years experience in the financial field and has worked the last four years at a hospital medical center. She is self-employed, working part-time as a licensed product demonstrator on weekends for local stores such as H-E-B and Sams Club. By devoting her time to her family, she said she has gotten to know each of her children in a way only a mother could, able to recognize and deal with the personalities of each child. When they were young, I read to them and they read to me, Merhi said. You get involved in all their activities, whatever they do. They all have different interests, of course. She has taken her children to the Brownsville Public Library regularly, and to area museums and parades. When her children began to get interested in sports, she attended their games. I think the more experiences you expose them to, whether theyre cultural or otherwise, expands their horizons by showing them more and spending time with them. This way, they develop their own interests, Merhi said. They develop these interests at an early age, and you see their talents. Parents need to encourage these (talents). Individual differences Im starting to understand the workings of the GT brain a little more after having my three kids, Merhi said, noting individual styles of learning for her children. She allows for these differences, in such things as study habits. You start seeing patterns as they grow older., Merhi said. You might even find it annoying at times, but they think on a different level. All my kids are very independent. Sharif participated in different sports before specializing in tennis, Merhi said. He has participated in street hockey, baseball and basketball. His goal is to be a tennis coach and math teacher. Sharif is a member of the Hanna tennis team, which went All District in the 1999-2000 school year. Mehri said school performance has always been important to her, then ticked off a list of Sharifs accomplishments. Hes an over-achiever and keeping up with his schedule keeps her busy. Hes really focused on what he wants to do the rest of his life, she said. Along with sports, Sharif keeps up his grades, ranking in the top 5 percent of his class. He has been accepted at Texas A&M University and is securing grants and scholarships for college. A&M is considering him for the Terry Foundation scholarship. Making sure he gets to college has become one of Mehris current priorities. Jamie, meanwhile, is more technically oriented, a tendency his mother noticed as early as 18 months when he would dismantle his toys and then put them back together. He just told me last night he wants to be a design engineer or an architect, she said. Jenna, the baby in the family, is the most artistic, Mehri said. She likes music and dance. Raised several years apart from her oldest brother, she has benefited from her mothers experience, but the mother was sad to hear Jenna say recently, I didnt even get a chance to see him grow up. As a volunteer at Egly, beginning when Jaime was in kindergarten, Merhi would take Jenna with her. Egly had an active Parent Center and she and other parents would help teachers in the classroom. They had regular hours and would make bags of popcorn to sell to the children as a fund-raiser, she said. Parents of elementary students seem to have more time to volunteer because there are more parents who arent working, Mehri noted, adding that as children get older, the level of parent involvement drops. Now that her children are older, her involvement has changed, too. There is a six-year difference between the oldest and youngest son. She admitted that Sharif may have received more attention being the first born, and her time has been divided between her other two children to the point that she hasnt had as much as direct involvement with their school activities. This has had an affect on the youngest children, Merhi said. They may not push the envelope like Sharif. Im pro-kid. I enjoy them being creative and experimenting on their own. Parents should be flexible but maintain standards, Merhi said. She has a basic rule about school work: Do your homework before you play with your friends. She recognizes the need for her children to watch TV and play video games, but monitors and limits use of these media at home. Jamie likes to watch the Discovery Channel, she said. By paying so much attention to her children and their education at the beginning of their lives, she has developed a good line of communication with her children. By being flexible, she has allowed her children to grow in their own directions. This connection will help her when questions of more important issues appear. I have a very good relationship with my oldest, she said. He will come at 10:30 at night and sit at my bed and tell me things. He discusses things with me. Hell tell me sometimes if hes done something I wouldnt be proud of. They have to learn on their own. You cant protect them from everything. You should let them know they can tell you anything, even if its bad, even though youre not going to like it, Merhi said. Such a trust is not developed just in the upper grades, Merhi said. It starts when they are young. Discuss Print Posted in Education on Monday, March 19, 2001 12:00 am. Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition Online Features Real Estate DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Popular Commented Facebook Activity Stories Harlingen student killed in school bus accident enroute to field trip Body of teen killed in school bus incident returned to Harlingen Harlingen boy dies during field trip bus incident In pep talk, Clinton urges backers to 'never, ever give up' Newest BISD trustees react to election More Photos More Videos More tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Great Office Suites $300 & up. All Utilities/ Janitorial / $300 Updated: Yesterday SAN BENITO 2/1 $475 Updated: Yesterday Roma, TX. House for sale, adjoins 2 lots, 2400 sq. Updated: Yesterday More Homes Cars 2014 Cruze 58k mi $5,900 2012 Chrysler 200 52k mi Updated: Yesterday 1994 Safari, wide body, new upgrades, $9,500. Must see to $9,500 Updated: November 07 2012 Chevy Sonic, 12K Mi., loaded, 1 owner, asking $9000 $9,000 Updated: Yesterday More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2016, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
null
Home Download News App Holiday Guide Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee Good Day Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. CW20 News at 10:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Contact Us Meet the Team 59° F Clear Hi: 77° F Lo: 55° F Forecast Radar WebCams 5 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Holiday Guide Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Wildfires Latest Headlines Dying UK girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen 9:16 am The teenage girl’s instructions were direct: She didn’t want to be buried, but to be frozen — with the hope she can continue her life in the… Sen. Sessions, Rep. Pompeo picked by Trump for top jobs 9:15 am President-elect Donald Trump is moving ahead with filling key posts in his administration, picking Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions for the job of… Young-Williams offers Thanksgiving safety tips for pets 9:02 am Regal Entertainment Turkey Trot & Little Gobbler Run to bring fun on Thanksgiving Day 8:30 am Ober Gatlinburg kicks off season with ‘Back in Blue Rail Jam’ 7:39 am Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 59° F Clear Feels Like: 59° F Wind: SE 5 Humidity: 59% Dewpoint: 45° F Sunrise: 7:15 AM Sunset: 5:25 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Habitat For Humanity More As Seen On WATE Good Day Tennessee Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. CW20 News at 10:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Report It Galleries Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Hollywood Today LIVE Tennessee This Week More About Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings Jobs at WATE On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 59° F Clear Hi: 77° F Lo: 55° F US grants Airbus, Boeing permission to sell aircraft to Iran WATE 6 On Your Side staff Published: September 22, 2016, 11:53 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE -- In this March 2, 2008 file photo, two passenger planes of Iran's national air carrier, Iran Air, are parked at the Mehrabad Airport in Tehran, Iran. Airbus announced Wednesday, Sept. 21, 2016, that the U.S. government has granted it a license allowing it to sell the first 17 planes involved in a landmark deal with Iran. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the 1979 Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. (AP Photo/Vahid Salemi, File) DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing Co. have received permission from the U.S. government to sell aircraft to Iran, part of landmark deals potentially worth some $50 billion in total following last year’s nuclear accord. The announcements Wednesday came as Iranian and U.S. leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and show that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honoring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. The next administration, however, may change that equation for Airbus and Boeing, whose possible deal with Iran would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control early Wednesday. Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the U.S. Treasury for the deal because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer’s components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon told The Associated Press. The license announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5 million. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first license around at least $1.8 billion and possibly much higher based on list prices, though buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders. Under Boeing’s deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s in a deal that Iranian officials have suggested would be worth some $25 billion in total. In a statement, Boeing spokesman Marc Sklar said, “We have received that license and remain in talks with Iran Air” based on the memorandum of agreement reached in June. The U.S. Treasury confirmed in a statement that the agency had granted the first licenses to Airbus and Boeing. “These licenses contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity,” the Treasury said in the statement. Iran’s U.N. mission did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday. State television referred to an AP report on the licenses. Iran’s nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. The license approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to begin accessing one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world, home to 80 million people. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for two separate $25 billion deals. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. Out of Iran’s 250 commercial planes, 162 were flying in June, while the rest were grounded due to lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists 43 airplanes in its fleet, says it has direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London. The aircraft deal also has become a political issue in an election year in the U.S. Some American lawmakers have criticized the Boeing deal to Iran over the Islamic Republic’s “pernicious behavior,” including launching ballistic missiles, firing rockets near U.S. warships in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and briefly detaining American sailors who strayed into its territorial waters. The U.S. presidential election could also have an effect on the sales. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to tear up the nuclear deal if elected this November. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts 8 injured after plane catches fire at Chicago airport No injuries after Pence plane slides off runway in NYC ‘Excellent’ first meeting for Obama, Trump Obama pledges peaceful transition to Trump Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com @WATESports on TwitterMy Tweets Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Young Broadcasting of Knoxville, Inc. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File Jobs at WATE EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Media General Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Sat, Nov 19, 2016, 2:47 AM AEDT - Australia Markets closed US go ahead on Iran planes lifts trade, banking 'taboo'By Siavosh Ghazi | AFP – Thu, Sep 22, 2016 3:06 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Boeing's net income was $2.3 billion, up 33.7 percent from the year-ago period and boosted by a one-time tax benefit. Revenues were down 7.5 percent to $23.9 billion The US green light for Boeing and Airbus sales to Iran has broken a taboo and opens the door to a potential boom in foreign financial dealings with Tehran, experts said. As well as a long overdue modernisation for its aging fleet of passenger planes, Wednesday's announcement of US licences for Airbus and Boeing serves to reassure other foreign firms and major banks over doing business with the Islamic republic. "A taboo has been broken. This deal will ease the fears of major foreign banks and companies which want to work with Iran," an official of an Iranian private bank told AFP, speaking on condition of anonymity. "It will allow financial channels to be put into place for big foreign banks to work with Iran." An Iranian financial weekly, Donaye Eghtessad, said experts were now predicting that "major Western banks will soon renew ties with Iran's banks". The approvals from the US Treasury Department allow Airbus and Boeing to proceed with sales worth billions of dollars into a country that had been entirely off-limits prior to Iran's landmark 2015 nuclear deal with world powers. "We have issued the first two licences for the export of certain commercial passenger aircraft to Iran under this new policy -- to Boeing and Airbus," a Treasury spokesperson said on Wednesday. The approval allows Boeing to fulfil a June memorandum of agreement (MOA) with Iran Air that covered the sale of 80 planes, consisting of single-aisle 737 and the long-range 777 aircraft. The sales will be the US planemaker's first to Tehran since Iran's 1979 Islamic revolution which was followed a year later by a break in diplomatic ties with Washington. Iran's deputy foreign minister, Abbas Araghchi, said other licences would follow "in coming weeks", in comments following a meeting between Iran and major powers in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly. Before the nuclear deal, which came into effect in January and under which Iran has curbed its atomic programme in return for a lifting of international sanctions, an embargo dating from 1995 prevented Western manufacturers from selling equipment and spare parts to Iranian companies. In January, European giant Airbus struck a similar preliminary agreement as its US competitor to sell Iran 118 aircraft, but it also required US approval because some of the planes' components are made in the United States. - Return to global markets - The announcement of the licences comes after repeated complaints by Iranian leaders that Washington was dragging its feet on the lifting of sanctions under the nuclear deal and putting up financial obstacles for the non-US companies and banks lining up to do business with Tehran. Washington has in fact stepped up its own set of sanctions against Tehran over alleged human rights abuses and support for Palestinian and Lebanese militant groups which the United States brands terrorist organisations. In New York, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told the UN General Assembly the US Treasury was "complicating transactions" between Tehran and foreign companies and banks, state news agency IRNA reported. On the political front, the president, a moderate who has come under fire over the nuclear accord from the hardline conservative camp, will now be expected to argue that the deal is allowing the return of oil-rich Iran to global markets. The Boeing deal is estimated to be worth roughly $25 billion, and the Airbus accord was initially valued at $25 billion, although Iranian officials say it is worth nearer $10 billion. Neither Airbus nor Boeing has announced a schedule for delivering the planes. Iran's current commercial aviation fleet, which has a poor air safety record, numbers around 140 planes with an average age of around 20 years, with many in desperate need of replacement. Iran projects a demand for between 400 and 500 commercial airliners over the next decade. Iranian newspaper Donaye Eghtessad said international banks would play a key role in financing the huge contracts with Boeing and Airbus. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Water fight could drench backpacker billAAP A stoush over water reform could sink the government's hopes of getting its backpacker tax through parliament. … VW to cut 30,000 jobs, 23,000 in GermanyAAP Kogan welcomes prospect of AmazonAAP Crean enlisted to help Latrobe ValleyAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7352 -0.0063 -0.86% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5968 -0.0001 -0.02% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.6945 -0.0032 -0.46% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Golden pheasant Health insurance ISIS Melbourne Cheap international flights 457 visa program Mobile phone Leonard Cohen Adelaide Accommodation Brendan Dassey iPad Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change Robert Dear remains mentally incompetent to stand trial for Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Nothing automatic for Air Force against the Mountain West's weaker half Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital New fast-casual cheeseburger chain coming to Colorado Springs Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight Superfood cranberries can go beyond the usual sauce at Thanksgiving Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Colorado Springs Comic and Toy Con is back for 10th edition Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Pikes Peak region forecast Pikes Peak region forecast Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News Weather Latest updates on closures around Colorado Springs Weather Snow gives way to frosty Friday in Colorado Springs, but weekend highs could soar Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - 8:01 AM 0 Thursday's snow is gone, but don't put the coats away yet. Skies will be clearer on Friday in Colorado Springs, but temperatures will be even cooler.... Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday, a few others delayed Petitioners get more time for measure to protect Colorado Springs parks Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - 10:23 PM 0 An impasse between the City of Colorado Springs and Protect Our Parks petitioners shattered Thursday under cajoling by 4th District Judge Michael P. McHenry. The POPS... Colorado Springs Urban Renewal Authority director out after just two months News: Local News Fort Carson battalion's welcome home is 'absolutely amazing' Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - 6:35 AM 0 More than 200 soldiers came home to Fort Carson Thursday after accomplishing the highest goal of their 9-month mission overseas: Not one of them fired a... Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - 8:30 PM 0 After two Denver-area police agencies vowed they would keep out of the deportation business -... With early struggles behind, Pine Creek football aims for semifinals return Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - 7:17 AM 0 Pine Creek quarterback Brock Domann was quick to point out after week three that the Eagles' 1-2... Latest Local 144 Colorado Springs-area holiday events 3 min ago Black ice lingering hazard after first snowstorm of season in Colorado By: KIRK MITCHELL, The Denver Post - 4 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events By: Linda Navarro - 2 hr ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital By: Wayne Heilman - 2 hr ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change By: Joey Bunch - 2 hr ago 'Dignity and hope' in the design of new Springs Rescue Mission shelter By: Jakob Rodgers - 2 hr ago Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads By: KIRK MITCHELL, The Denver Post - 10 hr ago Top Stories Denver metro lineman Jake Moretti flips commitment from Ohio State to Colorado By: KYLE NEWMAN, The Denver Post - 15 min ago EDITORIAL: President-elect Trump's deportation threat ignites political histrionics By: The Gazette editorial board - 18 min ago Man charged with felony vandalism in smashing of Trump star 4 hr ago Trump attorneys to argue for delay in Trump University trial 7 hr ago ‘You can’t hit a girl like that!’ Officer caught on camera punching woman in the face. By: Sarah Larimer, The Washington Post - 12 hr ago Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case By: The Associated Press - 13 hr ago AP source: Trump offers Flynn national security adviser job By: KEN THOMAS, CATHERINE LUCEY and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 13 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries 12 new Christmas movies to watch this November November snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Our 30 favorite sports movies Lombardi Trophies Thrill Memorial Patients A Look Back 27 ways to celebrate the holiday season in Colorado Springs and beyond Ormao Dance Company: 'PREPRESS' Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Election Day in the U.S. Election Night 2016 Peak Performers 2016-17 Funeral procession for Cimarron Hills firefighter Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders 2016 Diwali Show Rehearsal TCA 2, Denver West 0 Veterans Day Parade in Colorado Springs Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 6 min ago 144 Colorado Springs-area holiday events 7 min ago Black ice lingering hazard after first snowstorm of season in Colorado 2 hr ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events 2 hr ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital 2 hr ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change 2 hr ago 'Dignity and hope' in the design of new Springs Rescue Mission shelter 10 hr ago Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads Most Read David Ramsey: Soccer great Mia Hamm asks sports parents to stop being so childish Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads TV Talk: Rachael Plath is leaving KRDO Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Donald Trump pledge to target “sanctuary” cities could cost Denver, Aurora Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change El Paso County will enforce federal immigration law, while Denver and Aurora PDs say no Public meeting tonight to discuss proposed Colorado Springs sports complex Robert Dear remains mentally incompetent to stand trial for Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ Sports 18 min ago Denver metro lineman Jake Moretti flips commitment from Ohio State to Colorado 10 hr ago Kate Shefte: This one's for (four?) all the marbles in Sprint Cup finale 10 hr ago Eaves caps Stars' 3-goal 1st period in win over Avalanche 10 hr ago Mike Trout, Kris Bryant win baseball's MVP awards 12 hr ago Prep football playoff capsules 14 hr ago Men's World Cup ski races in Beaver Creek canceled 14 hr ago Off-ice action amplifies buzz around Air Force-Western Michigan hockey series Business 2 min ago Markets Right Now: Stocks slip in early trading 9 min ago Daily fantasy sports rivals DraftKings and FanDuel to merge 11 min ago Daily fantasy rivals DraftKings, FanDuel agree to merge after months of speculation; deal requires federal approval. 22 min ago Abercrombie off the mark in 3Q as turnaround efforts sputter 1 hr ago Fiat Chrysler recalls vehicles for fuel leak, wiper problems 2 hr ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital 4 hr ago Longtime Alaska newspaper publisher dies after cancer battle Opinion 20 min ago EDITORIAL: President-elect Trump's deportation threat ignites political histrionics Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Founding Fathers' separation of powers still serves America well 19 hr ago EDITORIAL: Trump should call on Colorado's top talent 22 hr ago EDITORIAL: Liberals said 'no' to socialized medicine 23 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: A bailout Coloradans can't afford 23 hr ago FAGIN: Electoral College protects against tyranny Thu, Nov 17, 2016 LETTERS: Young people protesting; keep church and state separate Elections 16 hr ago The kids aren't all right: Educators grapple with post-election tensions 18 hr ago Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Colorado recount possible on slavery in state Constitution; activist has Woodland Park ties Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Darryl Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results Tue, Nov 15, 2016 'We're not going anywhere': Millennials march against Trump Around the Web 8 min ago Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song sold — $4.8 million 14 hr ago Time magazine picks 100 most influential photos of all time 15 hr ago Stephen Hawking just gave humanity a due date for finding another planet 16 hr ago The kids aren't all right: Educators grapple with post-election tensions 18 hr ago Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ 18 hr ago Video: Deer crashes college cross-country race, topples runner 18 hr ago Man arrested after chase with speeds topping 200 mph Latest Videos Pikes Peak region forecast Pikes Peak region forecast Judge Awards $36M in Bobbi Kristina Death Case Trump Offers Flynn National Security Adviser Job Springs Rescue Mission shows off new hope for homeless Raw: Students Protest Trump's Deportation Plans Hugs and Kisses for returning Fort Carson soldiers in Colorado Springs Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Snow falling in Colorado On the Go! with KKTV Conjoined Twins Successfully Separated Fort Carson soldier surprises his kids at school in Colorado Springs Sports Latest Sports Kate Shefte: This one's for (four?) all the marbles in Sprint Cup finale10 hr ago Eaves caps Stars' 3-goal 1st period in win over Avalanche10 hr ago Mike Trout, Kris Bryant win baseball's MVP awards10 hr ago Prep football playoff capsules12 hr ago Broncos Jake Plummer auctioning off Broncos game-day experiences to raise money for cannabinoid researchWed, Nov 16, 2016 Ramsey blog: John Elway talks about Broncos' 7-3 startWed, Nov 16, 2016 Talib returns to practice before Broncos' bye weekWed, Nov 16, 2016 David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golfTue, Nov 15, 2016 Photo Galleries Our 30 favorite sports movies Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: President-elect Trump's deportation threat ignites political histrionics18 min ago EDITORIAL: Trump should call on Colorado's top talent19 hr ago EDITORIAL: Liberals said 'no' to socialized medicine22 hr ago EDITORIAL: Obama says Trump should 'make things better'Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Young people protesting; keep church and state separateThu, Nov 17, 2016 LETTERS: Justice not being served to Colorado Springs brothers; Bronco flamingos stolen; vote for daylight saving time?Wed, Nov 16, 2016 LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S.Tue, Nov 15, 2016 LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fansTue, Nov 15, 2016 Columns Founding Fathers' separation of powers still serves America wellFri, Nov 18, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: A bailout Coloradans can't afford23 hr ago FAGIN: Electoral College protects against tyranny23 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach, says Doug LambornTue, Nov 15, 2016 Local News Local News 144 Colorado Springs-area holiday events3 min ago Black ice lingering hazard after first snowstorm of season in Colorado5 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events2 hr ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change2 hr ago Local and State Politics Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change2 hr ago El Paso County praises quick-thinking life-savers14 hr ago Interior chief: Trump team hasn't contacted her department16 hr ago Salida OK’s community of 200 tiny homes to help ease housing crunch16 hr ago Local Business Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital2 hr ago Memorial hospitals in Colorado Springs have new president-CEO17 hr ago New fast-casual cheeseburger chain coming to Colorado SpringsYesterday Good news for Colorado Springs motorists as they hit the road for ThanksgivingWed, Nov 16, 2016 More Top Reads Nation and World Dying UK girl convinces judge to let her body be frozenFri, Nov 18, 2016 Macedonia: 10 intelligence staff suspects in wiretap scandal6 min ago Daily fantasy sports rivals DraftKings and FanDuel to merge9 min ago Police respond to 'emergency situation' at Boston University15 min ago Military Putin says Russia works to develop new weapons45 min ago The Latest: Official says Trump taps Rep. Pompeo for CIA job1 hr ago China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay1 hr ago China, US militaries stage joint humanitarian relief drill2 hr ago Blogs TV Talk: Rachael Plath is leaving KRDO17 hr ago Speedy winger enters Colorado College hockey foldWed, Nov 16, 2016 Wounded Warrior Scholarship recipients to be honoredWed, Nov 16, 2016 Ramsey blog: John Elway talks about Broncos' 7-3 startWed, Nov 16, 2016 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man charged with negligent homicide in pregnant wife's death11 hr ago Shooting sends one person to hospital in Colorado Springs23 hr ago Stolen vehicle, fleeing suspect prompt search near Colorado Springs23 hr ago Man shot, killed by officer earlier fled from police23 hr ago National Crime Gun-toting 78-year-old woman chases burglars from homeYesterday 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detainedTue, Nov 15, 2016 55-pound Alabama teen hospitalized after 2 years in basementTue, Nov 15, 2016 California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrestedMon, Nov 14, 2016 Life Life Why Barr Camp's caretakers are ready for winter0 min ago 144 Colorado Springs-area holiday events3 min ago Mel Gibson's 'Hacksaw Ridge' puts Seventh-day Adventists in spotlightThu, Nov 17, 2016 Ministries and Money: Donors, watchdog groups seek financial efficiencyFri, Nov 18, 2016 Arts and Entertainment Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events2 hr ago Movie review: 'Bleed for This' lacks some punchFri, Nov 18, 2016 Movie review: Eddie Redmayne and company make magic in Potter prequelFri, Nov 18, 2016 Celebrity birthdays for Nov. 18, 2016Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Religion German Protestants officially renounce converting Jews to Christianity14 hr ago Pope Francis, the ultimate headhunter14 hr ago Centuries-old Ten Commandments tablet auctioned off for $850,00014 hr ago For families divided by Mormonism, 5 things to do – and not to do14 hr ago National National Politics Trump taps conservative Kansas congressman for CIA32 min ago Trump selects Sen. Jeff Sessions as US attorney general11 min ago The Latest: Official says Trump taps Rep. Pompeo for CIA job1 hr ago Flynn: outspoken general, intelligence pro, Trump supporter5 hr ago National Business Markets Right Now: Stocks slip in early trading3 min ago Daily fantasy sports rivals DraftKings and FanDuel to merge10 min ago Daily fantasy rivals DraftKings, FanDuel agree to merge after months of speculation; deal requires federal approval.12 min ago Abercrombie off the mark in 3Q as turnaround efforts sputter23 min ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us US go ahead on Iran planes lifts trade, banking 'taboo' AFP on September 23, 2016, 1:06 am US go ahead on Iran planes lifts trade, banking 'taboo' Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share US go ahead on Iran planes lifts trade, banking taboo - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Tehran (AFP) - The US green light for Boeing and Airbus sales to Iran has broken a taboo and opens the door to a potential boom in foreign financial dealings with Tehran, experts said. As well as a long overdue modernisation for its aging fleet of passenger planes, Wednesday's announcement of US licences for Airbus and Boeing serves to reassure other foreign firms and major banks over doing business with the Islamic republic. "A taboo has been broken. This deal will ease the fears of major foreign banks and companies which want to work with Iran," an official of an Iranian private bank told AFP, speaking on condition of anonymity. "It will allow financial channels to be put into place for big foreign banks to work with Iran." An Iranian financial weekly, Donaye Eghtessad, said experts were now predicting that "major Western banks will soon renew ties with Iran's banks". The approvals from the US Treasury Department allow Airbus and Boeing to proceed with sales worth billions of dollars into a country that had been entirely off-limits prior to Iran's landmark 2015 nuclear deal with world powers. "We have issued the first two licences for the export of certain commercial passenger aircraft to Iran under this new policy -- to Boeing and Airbus," a Treasury spokesperson said on Wednesday. The approval allows Boeing to fulfil a June memorandum of agreement (MOA) with Iran Air that covered the sale of 80 planes, consisting of single-aisle 737 and the long-range 777 aircraft. The sales will be the US planemaker's first to Tehran since Iran's 1979 Islamic revolution which was followed a year later by a break in diplomatic ties with Washington. Iran's deputy foreign minister, Abbas Araghchi, said other licences would follow "in coming weeks", in comments following a meeting between Iran and major powers in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly. Before the nuclear deal, which came into effect in January and under which Iran has curbed its atomic programme in return for a lifting of international sanctions, an embargo dating from 1995 prevented Western manufacturers from selling equipment and spare parts to Iranian companies. In January, European giant Airbus struck a similar preliminary agreement as its US competitor to sell Iran 118 aircraft, but it also required US approval because some of the planes' components are made in the United States. - Return to global markets - The announcement of the licences comes after repeated complaints by Iranian leaders that Washington was dragging its feet on the lifting of sanctions under the nuclear deal and putting up financial obstacles for the non-US companies and banks lining up to do business with Tehran. Washington has in fact stepped up its own set of sanctions against Tehran over alleged human rights abuses and support for Palestinian and Lebanese militant groups which the United States brands terrorist organisations. In New York, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told the UN General Assembly the US Treasury was "complicating transactions" between Tehran and foreign companies and banks, state news agency IRNA reported. On the political front, the president, a moderate who has come under fire over the nuclear accord from the hardline conservative camp, will now be expected to argue that the deal is allowing the return of oil-rich Iran to global markets. The Boeing deal is estimated to be worth roughly $25 billion, and the Airbus accord was initially valued at $25 billion, although Iranian officials say it is worth nearer $10 billion. Neither Airbus nor Boeing has announced a schedule for delivering the planes. Iran's current commercial aviation fleet, which has a poor air safety record, numbers around 140 planes with an average age of around 20 years, with many in desperate need of replacement. Iran projects a demand for between 400 and 500 commercial airliners over the next decade. Iranian newspaper Donaye Eghtessad said international banks would play a key role in financing the huge contracts with Boeing and Airbus. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share US go ahead on Iran planes lifts trade, banking taboo - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News CCTV captures man carrying liquid container moments before Melbourne bank blast Brisbane mother delivers her baby in front seat of car A Brisbane mother has given birth in the passenger seat of her family car after her little boy couldn’t wait to enter the world. Man dressed as hammerhead shark throws net over Premier Mike Baird in protest A man has thrown a net on Premier Mike Baird at a press conference announcing five new shark nets off the NSW far north coast. 'I’m allowed to put on weight now': Former female jockey hits back at fat-shamers A female jockey forced to retire after a shocking race fall has hit out at her ‘fat-shaming’ critics, saying she doesn’t “need to be skinny anymore”. Woman bursts into tears after admitting 'repulsive' sex acts with her dog A woman who pleaded guilty to bestiality, stabbing a woman with a fork and biting a child will be sentenced on Monday. Journalist left bloodied outside court by Assaad supporters A Sydney journalist has been left bruised and bloodied after being attacked by a supporter of Tarek Assaad, whose gangland brother was shot dead last month. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Police officer punches woman in face during arrest UFC star's stunning mid-fight McGregor sledge 'No idea about the game': Angry Djokovic blasts officials Police catch giant python after it ate villager's ducks Man combines love of tea and bungy jumping to break world record 'In Russia, the bus catches you': Texting jaywalker smashed by bus Crowd cheers as Sydney schoolboys beat each other in savage brawl Warne, Slater, KP in hot water over in-car Facebook video Monkey adopted by herd of goats in China WATCH: First pizza delivered by drone! OUR PICKS Meakin sentenced to 18 years jail for hit-run murder Journalist left bloodied outside court by Assaad supporters WA mum punched, robbed at petrol station English tourist dies after diving off Port Douglas MOST VIEWED Polar bear captured giving dog a pat in Canada Police officer punches woman in face during arrest UFC star's stunning mid-fight McGregor sledge 'No idea about the game': Angry Djokovic blasts officials Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 38° Share WTO rules Europe illegally subsidized airlines, handing victory to Obama administration ahead of trade fight By Jim Tankersley / The Washington Post Thursday, September 22nd, 2016 at 9:13am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........The World Trade Organization ruled on Thursday that the European Union and several of its members failed to end illegal subsidies for airline giant Airbus, a victory for the United States in what has become the most expensive dispute in international trade history. Those subsidies, which the WTO had ordered European nations to halt in 2011, total $22 billion over more than a decade. They have cost the United States economy tens of billions of dollars in would-be exports, and they have cost Chicago-based Boeing, America’s largest manufacturer of commercial aircraft, nearly 500 potential aircraft sales and market share around the world, according to the WTO. The WTO, the body that governs international trade, is still weighing a counter-complaint from Europe, over whether the United States has illegally subsidized Boeing. Thursday’s ruling carries no punishment, and the Europeans could appeal. But it appears to set the stage for the United States to begin considering retaliation against Europe in the airline market, possibly with tariffs. The Obama administration touted the long-awaited ruling as a major win for its trade strategy, in a year when free trade has become a punching bag for both candidates for president, particularly Republican Donald Trump, and as the administration mounts a final-hours effort to win congressional approval for a proposed 12-nation trade pact known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership. The administration has also filed two new trade cases against China at the WTO in an effort to demonstrate its commitment to enforce trade violations, with the hope of persuading wavering members of Congress to back the TPP in a possible vote after the presidential election. Advertisement Continue reading “This report is a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers,” U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said in a statement. “We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves. We will not tolerate our trading partners ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers and their families.” Froman asked the European Union, along with France, Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom, to end the subsidies immediately. Boeing also hailed the decision. “Today’s historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules,” said Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing’s chairman, president and chief executive. Parts of the dispute over aircraft aid stretch back 40 years, as long as European nations have aided Airbus. The United States first complained to the WTO about the subsidies in 2004. In 2011, a WTO panel ruled, in a partial victory for the United States, that many of the subsidies were illegal under its rules for international trade. European nations said in late 2011 that they ended the subsidies, but the United States disagreed and asked the WTO to reconsider the matter. airlines Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Export Subsidies Endlessly Beget More Subsidies – Mar 19, 2012 China opposes release of WTO report on rare earths – Nov 1, 2013 US alleges that China unfairly helps its exporters – Feb 11, 2015 'Dramatic slowing' seen in global trade, as rhetoric rises – Sep 27, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Fri,  18 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   AAMRATECH 25.80   -0.10 -0.39%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 19.40   1.70 9.60%   ACI   1.10   ACIFORMULA 157.30   1.30 0.83%   ACMELAB 102.90   -0.10 -0.10%   ACTIVEFINE 39.20   0.30 0.77%   AFCAGRO 45.70   0.70 1.56%   AFTABAUTO 56.50   0.30 0.53%   AGNISYSL 18.60   0.30 1.64%   AGRANINS 17.20   -0.50 -2.82%   AIBL1STIMF 8.00   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 94.50   -0.90 -0.94%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.10 0.66%   ALLTEX 9.30   0.70 8.14%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   4.40 1.01%   ANLIMAYARN 26.70   0.50 1.91%   ANWARGALV 73.00   5.10 7.51%   APEXFOOT 359.20   -4.70 -1.29%   APEXTANRY 124.50   2.10 1.72%   APOLOISPAT 16.00   -0.10 -0.62%   ARGONDENIM 28.00   -0.10 -0.36%   ASIAINS 16.40   -0.20 -1.20%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   -0.10 -0.61%   ATCSLGF 10.40   0.10 0.97%   ATLASBANG 112.20   -0.50 -0.44%   AZIZPIPES 61.80   -5.40 -8.04%   BANGAS 121.90   11.00 9.92%   BANKASIA 17.70   0.30 1.72%   BATASHOE 1175.00   -4.70 -0.40%   BATBC   14.20   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.20 0.99%   BBS   -1.90   BDFINANCE 10.30   0.30 3.00%   BDLAMPS 171.00   0.20 0.12%   BDTHAI 22.40   -0.30 -1.32%   BDWELDING 9.10   0.10 1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   BEACONPHAR 18.80   0.00 0.00%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -50.00 -2.08%   BEXIMCO 22.30   0.10 0.45%   BGIC   -0.10   BIFC   0.00   BNICL   -0.80   BRACBANK 65.80   -0.10 -0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1040.00   10.00 0.97%   BSC   -2.90   BSCCL   -0.70   BSRMLTD 140.60   -0.30 -0.21%   BSRMSTEEL 94.70   0.60 0.64%   BXPHARMA 81.90   0.10 0.12%   BXSYNTH 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   CENTRALINS 17.20   0.40 2.38%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.60   -0.50 -3.31%   CMCKAMAL 14.70   0.80 5.76%   CNATEX 8.00   0.10 1.27%   CONFIDCEM 109.00   -5.60 -4.89%   CONTININS 16.50   -0.50 -2.94%   CVOPRL 194.00   0.70 0.36%   DACCADYE 6.90   0.10 1.47%   DAFODILCOM 33.70   0.10 0.30%   DBH   0.10   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 99.30   -1.20 -1.19%   DELTASPINN 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DESHBANDHU 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   DHAKABANK 16.20   0.10 0.62%   DHAKAINS 20.60   0.60 3.00%   DOREENPWR 113.70   0.50 0.44%   DSSL   1.00   DULAMIACOT 7.70   0.70 10.00%   DUTCHBANGL 106.10   -0.40 -0.38%   EASTERNINS 24.30   0.50 2.10%   EASTLAND 20.50   -0.30 -1.44%   EASTRNLUB 908.90   -27.70 -2.96%   EBL   -0.10   EBL1STMF 5.00   -0.20 -3.85%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.10 2.17%   ECABLES 142.00   -1.60 -1.11%   EHL   -0.70   EMERALDOIL 33.70   0.10 0.30%   ENVOYTEX 36.60   0.50 1.39%   ETL   -0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.60   0.10 1.54%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.20 1.89%   FAMILYTEX 8.00   0.30 3.90%   FARCHEM 19.50   0.20 1.04%   FAREASTFIN 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.10 0.16%   FASFIN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.10   -0.30 -2.88%   FEKDIL 22.30   -0.40 -1.76%   FINEFOODS 19.80   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.10 1.45%   FIRSTSBANK 12.20   0.20 1.67%   FORTUNE 46.40   3.10 7.16%   FUWANGCER 14.20   0.80 5.97%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.40 3.25%   GBBPOWER 15.00   0.30 2.04%   GEMINISEA 780.60   -10.90 -1.38%   GENNEXT 6.90   0.10 1.47%   GHAIL   -1.00   GHCL   -0.30   GLAXOSMITH 1565.20   -3.00 -0.19%   GLOBALINS 13.00   0.10 0.78%   GOLDENSON 15.40   0.20 1.32%   GP   3.20   GPHISPAT 29.00   0.50 1.75%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.60   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.40   0.30 1.49%   HEIDELBCEM 545.00   -0.20 -0.04%   HFL   -0.40   HRTEX   0.40   IBBLPBOND 972.00   4.00 0.41%   IBNSINA 211.90   0.20 0.09%   ICB   -0.70   ICB1STNRB 18.90   0.20 1.07%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   ICB3RDNRB 4.40   -0.10 -2.22%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   -0.10 -1.89%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.00   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   0.40   IFIC   1.00   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   0.00   IMAMBUTTON 10.60   0.00 0.00%   INTECH 11.70   0.30 2.63%   IPDC   -0.30   ISLAMIBANK 30.30   0.90 3.06%   ISLAMICFIN 15.70   0.20 1.29%   ISLAMIINS 17.30   0.10 0.58%   ISNLTD 12.90   0.40 3.20%   ITC   -0.50   JAMUNABANK 14.60   0.20 1.39%   JAMUNAOIL 192.70   -0.20 -0.10%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.40 -3.13%   JMISMDL 156.00   -1.10 -0.70%   JUTESPINN 54.20   0.70 1.31%   KARNAPHULI 14.30   0.10 0.70%   KAY&QUE 26.00   -2.50 -8.77%   KBPPWBIL 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   KDSALTD 66.20   0.40 0.61%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.20 2.04%   KOHINOOR 432.00   -4.00 -0.92%   KPCL   0.20   KPPL   -0.10   LEGACYFOOT 18.40   0.10 0.55%   LINDEBD 1343.00   0.60 0.04%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.40   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1212.10   -24.40 -1.97%   MATINSPINN 37.40   0.90 2.47%   MBL1STMF 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 7.00   0.10 1.45%   MEGHNACEM 91.10   -2.90 -3.09%   MEGHNALIFE 53.10   0.10 0.19%   MEGHNAPET 5.40   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.30 2.14%   MERCINS 14.00   -0.10 -0.71%   METROSPIN 6.40   0.10 1.59%   MHSML   0.20   MIDASFIN 22.80   -2.20 -8.80%   MIRACLEIND 37.80   -1.10 -2.83%   MITHUNKNIT 67.40   5.00 8.01%   MJLBD   -0.90   MODERNDYE 182.60   -5.30 -2.82%   MONNOCERA 36.30   0.50 1.40%   MONNOSTAF 589.10   6.00 1.03%   MPETROLEUM 181.70   -0.40 -0.22%   MTB   0.10   NATLIFEINS 173.80   0.30 0.17%   NAVANACNG 56.60   -0.80 -1.39%   NBL   -0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.30 2.86%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.00   NHFIL   -0.20   NITOLINS 21.40   -0.30 -1.38%   NORTHERN 219.00   19.90 9.99%   NORTHRNINS 18.70   -0.40 -2.09%   NTC   0.80   NTLTUBES 126.40   -3.20 -2.47%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 309.90   1.20 0.39%   ONEBANKLTD 15.10   0.30 2.03%   ORIONINFU 59.20   -0.80 -1.33%   ORIONPHARM 40.20   -0.70 -1.71%   PADMALIFE 22.80   0.20 0.88%   PADMAOIL 186.10   -0.30 -0.16%   PARAMOUNT 19.80   0.50 2.59%   PENINSULA 24.20   -0.20 -0.82%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.00 0.00%   PHARMAID 246.00   0.00 0.00%   PHENIXINS 22.30   0.60 2.76%   PHOENIXFIN 24.50   0.20 0.82%   PHPMF1 4.30   -0.10 -2.27%   PIONEERINS 29.40   -0.10 -0.34%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 4.50   0.10 2.27%   POPULARLIF 68.70   -0.40 -0.58%   POWERGRID 54.90   -0.30 -0.54%   PRAGATIINS 25.90   0.40 1.57%   PRAGATILIF 87.70   -0.40 -0.45%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.10 1.10%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   -0.90 -1.07%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   -0.10 -0.98%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.50   0.40 2.65%   PRIMEFIN 8.10   0.10 1.25%   PRIMEINSUR 17.10   0.40 2.40%   PRIMELIFE 57.50   -0.80 -1.37%   PRIMETEX 22.10   -0.40 -1.78%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.80 1.63%   PROVATIINS 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   PTL   0.20   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 16.40   -0.10 -0.61%   QSMDRYCELL 100.40   1.80 1.83%   RAHIMAFOOD 84.60   -1.40 -1.63%   RAHIMTEXT 233.80   2.70 1.17%   RAKCERAMIC 61.80   2.80 4.75%   RDFOOD 15.60   -0.50 -3.11%   RECKITTBEN 1590.00   9.50 0.60%   REGENTTEX 12.90   -0.20 -1.53%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.10   -0.30 -0.65%   RENATA 1094.00   1.70 0.16%   REPUBLIC 16.70   -0.10 -0.60%   RNSPIN 17.10   -0.30 -1.72%   RSRMSTEEL 48.20   2.10 4.56%   RUPALIBANK 26.80   0.90 3.47%   RUPALIINS 17.40   0.10 0.58%   RUPALILIFE 36.70   0.90 2.51%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   -0.10 -0.87%   SAIFPOWER 48.00   -12.60 -20.79%   SAIHAMTEX 13.90   0.20 1.46%   SALAMCRST 27.60   0.40 1.47%   SALVOCHEM 13.50   0.10 0.75%   SAMATALETH 24.00   -0.30 -1.23%   SAMORITA 62.40   0.50 0.81%   SANDHANINS 29.80   0.60 2.05%   SAPORTL 39.40   0.40 1.03%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SEMLLECMF 9.70   0.40 4.30%   SHAHJABANK 13.80   0.10 0.73%   SHASHADNIM 62.00   -1.00 -1.59%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.50 2.50%   SINGERBD 182.80   -0.10 -0.05%   SINOBANGLA 23.60   0.30 1.29%   SONALIANSH 194.00   0.60 0.31%   SONARBAINS 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   SONARGAON 8.70   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.50   0.50 2.94%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.20 2.53%   SPCL   -1.20   SQUARETEXT 65.20   -0.60 -0.91%   SQURPHARMA 246.00   -1.70 -0.69%   STANDARINS 17.50   -0.50 -2.78%   STANDBANKL 10.40   0.40 4.00%   STYLECRAFT 1620.00   10.50 0.65%   SUMITPOWER 34.60   0.70 2.06%   SUNLIFEINS 18.00   0.20 1.12%   TAKAFULINS 18.00   -0.20 -1.10%   TALLUSPIN 8.30   0.20 2.47%   TOSRIFA 17.50   -0.30 -1.69%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.50   0.40 1.73%   TUNGHAI 10.60   -0.10 -0.93%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.40 3.17%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   1.20 3.09%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.50   0.30 1.49%   UNITEDINS 24.60   0.10 0.41%   UPGDCL 142.40   0.60 0.42%   USMANIAGL 93.00   2.00 2.20%   UTTARABANK 23.60   -0.20 -0.84%   UTTARAFIN 58.00   -0.40 -0.68%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.10 1.14%   WATACHEM 162.00   5.80 3.71%   WMSHIPYARD 24.80   -0.20 -0.80%   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.20   -0.10 -0.65%   Latest News Banding together in anti-tobacco battle The necessity of leisure and recreation The task that lies ahead Into the era of Trumpism Home delivery of medicine Scots, Welsh can have say in Brexit court case BMW, Baidu joint project on self-driving cars breaks down Stocks stay positive for 3rd consecutive week Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Chinese yuan weakens to lowest level in eight years TIME - 09:47 pm National Envoy urges world to continue supporting Afghanistan Economy France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc World Scots, Welsh can have say in Brexit court Stock Stocks stay positive for 3rd consecutive week Crackdown on tax evasion from imported goods soon TOP NEWS Mexican central bank ups interest rates to endure Trump   BD occupies 124th spot in UN e-government survey Fake news has power to destroy democracy: Obama Khaleda prioritises on ‘consensus’ to form next EC NATO 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance Trump offers security adviser job to Flynn 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast Abe has ‘great confidence in Trump’ Oil prices drop Asian shares tremble Banding together in anti-tobacco battle November 18, 2016, 9:22 pm While reflecting upon the game changing successes in the field of tobacco control on the sidelines of the 47th Union World Conference on Lung Health in Liverpool, UK, Dr Tara Singh Bam, Regional Adviser for Tobacco Control at the International Read more The necessity of leisure and recreation November 18, 2016, 9:21 pm Terms like leisure and recreation relate to a period of free time in which individuals are exempted from duties and responsibilities and are able to engage in activities of their choice, not imposed by any need and prerequisites. Recreational and Read more Economy Fed could raise interest rates ‘soon’: Yellen  The chair of the US Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen, has indicated that it could raise interest rates "relatively soon". She said this on Thursday in Congressional testimony that included a pledge BIDA bids to improve doing business rankings November 17, 2016, 11:25 pm US factory production rise in Oct November 17, 2016, 12:57 pm ‘Govt plans to reduce fuel oil prices soon’ November 17, 2016, 7:50 pm Inbound travelling drops in Q1 November 17, 2016, 6:45 pm Tofail flogs Pakistan for 'absurd' claim November 16, 2016, 6:33 pm Finance Banks struggling to hit turnover heights The listed banks have failed for the fourth consecutive year to regain the top position in the turnover board of the country's both bourses although over five years have already elapsed since the last stock market debacle. Banks used to dominate Business leaders want gradual opening up of capital account Classified loans leap to Tk 143.60b in 9 months Call to increase budget allocation for child-related initiatives MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting Editorial Hindrance to desirable industrial growth Reading between the lines of the report on industrial productivity Hindrance to desirable industrial growth Reading between the lines of the report on industrial productivity Op-Ed Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Reserve 40 per cent seats for women and children MOVEMENT of common people in capital Dhaka has turned out Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Women's Entrepreneurship Day, 2016 ENTREPRENEURS are the vanguards of progress as they are the Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Missing the pulse Beyond the bickering, nastiness and stomach turning rhetoric, politicians have Stock SE Asia stocks mostly fall  Most Southeast Asian stock markets fell on Friday, in line with boarder Asia, after US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's China stocks edge lower Nikkei share rises to 10-1/2-month high US stocks rise; bank stocks gain Stocks extend winning spell for third day AB Bank emerges as turnover leader on DSE Persistent buy pressure pushes market to the green Hong Kong shares up slightly  Hong Kong stocks flat  National Bangabandhu Satellite wins ITU award Bangabandhu Satellite project has received the ‘ITU Telecom World Awards 2016’. State Minister for Telecommunication Tarana Halim received the award from International Telecommunication Union (ITU) Secretary General Houlin Zhao on Thursday night in Bangkok. Bangladesh is given the award in the category for ‘Recognition of Excellence’, the minister said in a Facebook post. Bangabandhu Satellite-1 is scheduled to be launched in December 16 Man gets life-term for killing wife War criminal Yusuf Ali dies  High land price dents garment village dream BNP to contest N'ganj city polls Indo-Bangla meet on disputed Tripura enclave JS body suggests dope test for students Two more PWs testify in Kibria killing case US lauds steps to calm minorities' fears Trade and Market BMW, Baidu joint project on self-driving cars breaks down German automaker BMW and Chinese internet giant Baidu will end their joint research on self-driving cars, executives for the two firms said on Friday, with Baidu now searching for new global research partners. Wang Jing, the head of autonomous car development at Baidu, told Reuters the company was now using cars from Ford's Lincoln in its US testing, declining to elaborate. "I'm Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Chinese yuan weakens to lowest level in eight years BGMEA settled 9,670 complaints thru ADR since 1998 Indian farmers fear lost crops and income after 'black money' move VW announces massive job cuts Gold drops to 5-1/2-month low  Tesla gets approval for $2.6b SolarCity takeover PL in record $700m Chinese TV rights deal World Tanker explosion claims 73 lives in Mozambique JOHANNESBURG, Nov 18 (AP): A fuel tanker exploded in northern Mozambique as residents gathered around to buy fuel from the driver on Thursday, killing 73 people and injuring 110 others, Mozambican media reported. Dozens of charred bodies were scattered around the blast site in the town of Caphiridzange in Tete province, and government officials believed more bodies might be in surrounding woods, Radio Mozambique reported. Some badly burned people had tried to run into a nearby river, the radio said. A truck ... Syria army intensify Aleppo air campaign Iraqi forces advance into Mosul under fire Pakistan navy "pushed" Indian submarine clear of its waters Sci-tech SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Private rocket firm SpaceX has applied for government permission to launch satellites that will provide global broadband internet access, reports Whitson becomes oldest woman in space  Hidden ocean found on Pluto Twitter suspends alt-right accounts Education BUP holds seminar on economic development The closing ceremony of a two-day international seminar on 'Strategic leadership for sustainable economic development' was held at the Bijoy Auditorium of Bangladesh University of Professionals (BUP) at Mirpur Cantonment in the city on Thursday, says an ISPR press release. BUP organised the programme. H T Imam, adviser of political affairs to the prime minister, was present as the chief guest while former governor of Bangladesh Bank Dr Mohammed Farashuddin was present as one of the keynote speakers in the seminar. Another ... Less taking primary school certificate test this year UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children Sports Vikings back in winning streak beating Kings by 19 runs CHITTAGONG, Nov 18 (UNB): After four successive defeats in the 4th Bangladesh Premier League, Chittagong Vikings bounced back with a Shami shatters Cook’s stump in early blow Du Plessis charged by ICC PL in record $700m Chinese TV rights deal Health Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Japan's health ministry has set a 50 per cent cut in the price of Opdivo, a costly immune system-boosting cancer Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes World Diabetes Day being observed DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Entertainment Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat has been punched and sprayed with tear gas by three masked attackers in an upmarket part Bob Dylan skipping Nobel ceremony Nation celebrates Nabanna International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Politics BNP to contest N'ganj city polls The BNP has decided to take part in the upcoming Narayanganj City Corporation (NCC) polls scheduled to be held on Parties observe 40th death anniv of Bhasani AL local govt nomination board's meeting today Nation pays trubutes to Bhasani Country Two bikers die after crash with truck Two motorcyclists were killed and three people were injured in a road crash at Jogdol Bazar in Panchagarh sadar upazila Missing youth found dead in Narail 26 Raigram village women change lot making 'Nakshi Kantha' Cultivation of short-duration Aman paddy on increase in N-region PHOTO GALLERY Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina waves from the VVIP lounge of Dhaka’s Hazrat Shahjalal (RA) International Airport upon her arrival from Morocco on Thursday after attending two high level segments of COP-22 in Marrakech. – Focus Bangla photo Chief of Army Staff of the Nepali Army General Rajendra Chhetri called on President Abdul Hamid at Bangabhaban on Wednesday. - PID Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina delivers her speech at the UN Climate Change Conference (COP-22) at Bab Ighli in the Moroccan city of Marrakech. – Focus Bangla more news The task that lies ahead November 18, 2016, 9:20 pm Into the era of Trumpism November 18, 2016, 9:19 pm Home delivery of medicine November 18, 2016, 9:17 pm Chinese yuan weakens to lowest level in eight years November 18, 2016, 9:09 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 114 ISSUES DECLINED 80 Most popular 73 die in Mozambique tanker blast November 18, 2016, 10:47 am Banks struggling to hit turnover heights November 18, 2016, 12:34 am Oil prices drop November 18, 2016, 11:21 am High land price dents garment village dream November 18, 2016, 12:36 am Work on 55-km road linking Padma Bridge begins November 18, 2016, 12:31 am Thrust on journos unity November 18, 2016, 12:28 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG NORTHERN 199.10 219.00 208.80 219.00 10.00 DSSL 10.30 11.30 11.30 11.30 9.71 ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 62.40 67.40 61.00 66.80 7.05 ANWARGALV 67.90 73.00 68.50 72.50 6.78 FORTUNE 43.30 46.90 43.80 46.20 6.70 FUWANGCER 13.40 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.97 CMCKAMAL 13.90 14.70 14.00 14.60 5.04 IFIC 18.20 19.20 18.10 19.10 4.95 RAKCERAMIC 59.00 62.20 59.60 61.80 4.75 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 17.70 19.40 17.70 19.40 9.60 MITHUNKNIT 63.20 67.40 61.00 67.40 6.65 ANWARGALV 68.50 73.00 68.50 73.00 6.57 FORTUNE 43.80 46.90 43.80 46.40 5.94 PARAMOUNT 18.80 20.20 18.80 19.80 5.32 FUWANGCER 13.50 14.30 13.50 14.20 5.19 CMCKAMAL 14.00 14.70 14.00 14.70 5.00 PRIMEINSUR 16.30 17.20 16.30 17.10 4.91 NORTHERN 208.80 219.00 208.80 219.00 4.89 IFIC 18.40 19.20 18.10 19.20 4.35 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SAIFPOWER 60.60 49.70 47.90 48.50 -19.97 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 23.10 -7.60 BNICL 19.50 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.10 CONFIDCEM 114.60 115.60 109.00 109.90 -4.10 EBL1STMF 5.20 5.20 5.00 5.00 -3.85 RDFOOD 16.10 16.10 15.30 15.50 -3.73 ETL 18.80 19.10 17.80 18.10 -3.72 AZIZPIPES 67.20 68.00 61.80 64.80 -3.57 BBS 48.00 48.80 46.00 46.40 -3.33 CITYGENINS 15.10 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.31 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation AZIZPIPES 68.00 68.00 61.80 61.80 -9.12 MIDASFIN 25.00 25.00 22.80 22.80 -8.80 KAY&QUE 28.50 29.00 26.00 26.00 -8.77 CONFIDCEM 115.60 115.60 109.00 109.00 -5.71 BNICL 19.60 19.60 18.50 18.70 -4.59 BBS 48.30 48.80 46.00 46.10 -4.56 NTLTUBES 132.30 135.00 126.00 126.40 -4.46 ETL 19.00 19.10 17.80 18.20 -4.21 CITYGENINS 15.20 15.30 14.50 14.60 -3.95 MODERNDYE 190.00 190.00 182.60 182.60 -3.90 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 67° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Morning high of 69F with temps falling to near 50. Winds WSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 30%.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 36F. Winds WNW at 15 to 25 mph. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 8:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Rendering of Airbus A350-1000. Source: Airbus.com U.S. claims win in dispute with EU over aerospace subsidies Associated Press Sep 22, 2016 (…) Rendering of Airbus A350-1000. Source: Airbus.com Updated at 11 a.m. WASHINGTON • The administration of President Barack Obama on Thursday claimed a victory in its long-running trade dispute with the European Union over whether the 28-country bloc is illegally helping airplane manufacturer Airbus. In June 2011, the World Trade Organization found that the EU and four of its member countries provided billions of dollars in subsidized financing to Airbus. While the EU subsequently claimed to have come into compliance, the United States disagreed and requested that a compliance panel intervene. The WTO panel on Thursday ruled mostly in favor of the U.S. The international body, which helps solve trade disputes, found the EU had provided billions of dollars more in subsidies, causing lost sales worth tens of billions of dollars for Airbus’ archrival Boeing Co. The WTO, however, found that EU financing was acceptable for some Airbus models — notably the A380, the massive double-decker plane meant for long hauls. Boeing praised the overall ruling, which the EU can appeal, saying the “day of reckoning” has finally arrived. It went so far to say that Airbus might not even exist today if not for continued support of European governments. “Today’s historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules,” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg said in a statement. “This long-awaited decision is a victory for fair trade worldwide and for U.S. aerospace workers, in particular.” United States Trade Representative Michael Froman says the finding is “a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers.” He called on the EU, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Spain to “respect the WTO rules” and “end subsidized financing of Airbus.” See how St. Louis stocks are faring Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog This decision is independent of the EU’s case against the United States, in which the WTO is considering whether Boeing received banned federal and state support in the U.S. “Watch this space,” Airbus said in a statement in reaction to Thursday’s ruling. “Before year-end the record subsidies for the 777X will almost certainly be condemned as illegal,” it said, referring to a new Boeing airliner.Boeing is the only American producer of large civil aircraft and is the largest single U.S. exporter. Boeing has major facilities around the country, including in Washington, Missouri and South Carolina. Members of the Washington congressional delegation joined the administration in hailing the ruling, which has the potential to result in tariffs that would likely cost Airbus market share. Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., called on the EU to come to the negotiating table and settle, rather than wait for future tariffs on Airbus planes. ”Without having to compete against illegal, market-distorting practices, Boeing should win more sales around the world,” Cantwell said. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Business Government And Politics International Trade Aerospace And Defense Industry Economy Industrial Products And Services Economic Policy Government Business And Finance Government Policy Airbus Boeing View (…) comments Most popular Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Kroenke out as Maryland Heights goes back to drawing board on floodplain project Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license Cardinals make case for Ballpark Village subsidy Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Judge dismisses lawsuit that alleged Purina's Beneful sickened dogs U.S. stocks hardly move as energy rises, health care falls Centene awarded statewide Medicaid contract in Georgia Public pay: Government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Loft conversion planned for St. Louis factory building Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 29 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 18, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 18, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 29 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. permits Airbus, Boeing to sell planes to Iran By JON GAMBRELL The Associated Press First Published Sep 22 2016 09:21AM    •    Last Updated Sep 22 2016 09:21 am Egyptian fishermen depart in their boats to participate in a search operation for survivors of a Europe-bound boat that capsized off Egypt’s Mediterranean coast, in Rosetta, Egypt, Thursday, Sept. 22, 2016. The Egyptian military said the boat was 12 nautical miles off the coast near the town of Rosetta when it capsized Wednesday. Mohammed Sultan, the governor of Beheira province said 157 people were rescued but did not have a precise number for those who were on board the vessel, but 250-400 seemed likely. Egyptian authorities have arrested four people in connection with the death of at least 42 migrants from the boat. (AP Photo/Eman Helal) Egyptian fishermen depart in their boats to participate in a search operation for survivors of a Europe-bound boat that capsized off Egypt’s Mediterranean coast, in Rosetta, Egypt, Thursday, Sept. 22, 2016. The Egyptian military said the boat was 12 nautical miles off the coast near the town of Rosetta when it capsized Wednesday. Mohammed Sultan, the governor of Beheira province said 157 people were rescued but did not have a precise number for those who were on board the vessel, but 250-400 seemed likely. Egyptian authorities have arrested four people in connection with the death of at least 42 migrants from the boat. (AP Photo/Eman Helal) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Dubai, United Arab Emirates • Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing Co. have received permission from the U.S. government to sell aircraft to Iran, part of landmark deals potentially worth some $50 billion in total following last year's nuclear accord. The announcements Wednesday came as Iranian and U.S. leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and show that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honoring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. The next administration, however, may change that equation for Airbus and Boeing, whose possible deal with Iran would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. VIDEOS TOP JOBS European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the U.S. Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control early Wednesday. Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the U.S. Treasury for the deal because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer's components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon told The Associated Press. The license announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5 million. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first license around at least $1.8 billion and possibly much higher based on list prices, though buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders. Under Boeing's deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s in a deal that Iranian officials have suggested would be worth some $25 billion in total. In a statement, Boeing spokesman Marc Sklar said, "We have received that license and remain in talks with Iran Air" based on the memorandum of agreement reached in June. The U.S. Treasury confirmed in a statement that the agency had granted the first licenses to Airbus and Boeing. "These licenses contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity," the Treasury said in the statement. Iran's U.N. mission did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday. State television referred to an AP report on the licenses. Iran's nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. The license approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to begin accessing one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world, home to 80 million people. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for two separate $25 billion deals. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. Out of Iran's 250 commercial planes, 162 were flying in June, while the rest were grounded due to lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists 43 airplanes in its fleet, says it has direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES It's not easy being black at BYU, film shows Garrison Keillor: Politics is not everything. Life goes on BYU football: UMass' struggles as independent, FBS newcomer, paint a cautionary tale Utah football: Hunter Dimick takes center stage for Utah's defense Man charged with embezzling $1 million from two Utah County companies ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US go ahead on Iran planes lifts trade, banking 'taboo' By Afp Published: 11:10 EST, 22 September 2016 | Updated: 11:10 EST, 22 September 2016 e-mail The US green light for Boeing and Airbus sales to Iran has broken a taboo and opens the door to a potential boom in foreign financial dealings with Tehran, experts said. As well as a long overdue modernisation for its aging fleet of passenger planes, Wednesday's announcement of US licences for Airbus and Boeing serves to reassure other foreign firms and major banks over doing business with the Islamic republic. "A taboo has been broken. This deal will ease the fears of major foreign banks and companies which want to work with Iran," an official of an Iranian private bank told AFP, speaking on condition of anonymity. Boeing can fulfil a June memorandum of agreement with Iran Air that covered the sale of 80 planes, consisting of single-aisle 737 and the long-range 777 aircraft ©Adrian Dennis (AFP/File) "It will allow financial channels to be put into place for big foreign banks to work with Iran." An Iranian financial weekly, Donaye Eghtessad, said experts were now predicting that "major Western banks will soon renew ties with Iran's banks". The approvals from the US Treasury Department allow Airbus and Boeing to proceed with sales worth billions of dollars into a country that had been entirely off-limits prior to Iran's landmark 2015 nuclear deal with world powers. "We have issued the first two licences for the export of certain commercial passenger aircraft to Iran under this new policy -- to Boeing and Airbus," a Treasury spokesperson said on Wednesday. The approval allows Boeing to fulfil a June memorandum of agreement (MOA) with Iran Air that covered the sale of 80 planes, consisting of single-aisle 737 and the long-range 777 aircraft. The sales will be the US planemaker's first to Tehran since Iran's 1979 Islamic revolution which was followed a year later by a break in diplomatic ties with Washington. Iran's deputy foreign minister, Abbas Araghchi, said other licences would follow "in coming weeks", in comments following a meeting between Iran and major powers in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly. Before the nuclear deal, which came into effect in January and under which Iran has curbed its atomic programme in return for a lifting of international sanctions, an embargo dating from 1995 prevented Western manufacturers from selling equipment and spare parts to Iranian companies. In January, European giant Airbus struck a similar preliminary agreement as its US competitor to sell Iran 118 aircraft, but it also required US approval because some of the planes' components are made in the United States. - Return to global markets - The announcement of the licences comes after repeated complaints by Iranian leaders that Washington was dragging its feet on the lifting of sanctions under the nuclear deal and putting up financial obstacles for the non-US companies and banks lining up to do business with Tehran. Washington has in fact stepped up its own set of sanctions against Tehran over alleged human rights abuses and support for Palestinian and Lebanese militant groups which the United States brands terrorist organisations. In New York, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told the UN General Assembly the US Treasury was "complicating transactions" between Tehran and foreign companies and banks, state news agency IRNA reported. On the political front, the president, a moderate who has come under fire over the nuclear accord from the hardline conservative camp, will now be expected to argue that the deal is allowing the return of oil-rich Iran to global markets. The Boeing deal is estimated to be worth roughly $25 billion, and the Airbus accord was initially valued at $25 billion, although Iranian officials say it is worth nearer $10 billion. Neither Airbus nor Boeing has announced a schedule for delivering the planes. Iran's current commercial aviation fleet, which has a poor air safety record, numbers around 140 planes with an average age of around 20 years, with many in desperate need of replacement. Iran projects a demand for between 400 and 500 commercial airliners over the next decade. Iranian newspaper Donaye Eghtessad said international banks would play a key role in financing the huge contracts with Boeing and Airbus. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told the UN General Assembly the US Treasury was "complicating transactions" between Tehran and foreign companies and banks, state news agency IRNA reported ©Timothy A. Clary (AFP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News US grants Airbus, Boeing permission to sell aircraft to Iran US grants Airbus, Boeing permission to sell aircraft to Iran Sep 22, 2016 Jon Gambrell, The Associated Press   DUBAI, United Arab Emirates – Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing Co. have received permission from the U.S. government to sell aircraft to Iran, part of landmark deals potentially worth some $50 billion in total following last year’s nuclear accord. The announcements Wednesday came as Iranian and U.S. leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and show that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honouring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. The next administration, however, may change that equation for Airbus and Boeing, whose possible deal with Iran would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control early Wednesday. Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the U.S. Treasury for the deal because at least 10 per cent of the manufacturer’s components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon told The Associated Press. The license announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5 million. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first license around at least $1.8 billion and possibly much higher based on list prices, though buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders. Under Boeing’s deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s in a deal that Iranian officials have suggested would be worth some $25 billion in total. In a statement, Boeing spokesman Marc Sklar said, “We have received that license and remain in talks with Iran Air” based on the memorandum of agreement reached in June. The U.S. Treasury confirmed in a statement that the agency had granted the first licenses to Airbus and Boeing. “These licenses contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity,” the Treasury said in the statement. Iran’s English language Press TV reported Thursday that Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan said Iran expects the purchase of planes from Boeing to proceed faster than they will with France’s Airbus. “This is because the structure of negotiations with Boeing is different from that of Airbus,” he said. Fakhrieh Kashan said Boeing has sent the text of its contract to Iran to be studied by the Iranian authorities. He said that Boeing officials were due to travel to Tehran next week to work toward finalizing the contract. Iran’s U.N. mission did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday. Iran’s nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. The license approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to begin accessing one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world, home to 80 million people. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for two separate $25 billion deals. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. Out of Iran’s 250 commercial planes, 162 were flying in June, while the rest were grounded due to lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists 43 airplanes in its fleet, says it has direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London. The aircraft deal also has become a political issue in an election year in the U.S. Some American lawmakers have criticized the Boeing deal to Iran over the Islamic Republic’s “pernicious behaviour,” including launching ballistic missiles, firing rockets near U.S. warships in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and briefly detaining American sailors who strayed into its territorial waters. The U.S. presidential election could also have an effect on the sales. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to tear up the nuclear deal if elected this November. ___ Online: Airbus: www.airbus.com Boeing Co.: www.boeing.com Iran Air: www.iranair.com ___ Associated Press writers Nasser Karimi in Tehran, Iran, Scott Mayerowitz in New York, Martin Crutsinger in Washington and Adam Schreck in Dubai contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/jon-gambrell. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service

Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg EU Risks Billions in Sanctions as WTO Faults Airbus Support Julie Johnsson and Bryce Baschuk September 22, 2016 — 10:31 AM EDT September 22, 2016 — 1:12 PM EDT Europe’s aid to A380, A350 found to violate commercial rules Trade body still considering cases that challenge Boeing aid The European Union failed to eliminate subsidies to planemaker Airbus Group SE that were previously found to violate trade rules, the World Trade Organization said in a ruling that opens the door to billions of dollars in sanctions against Brussels. The finding by a WTO compliance panel Thursday strikes a blow to the EU in a long-running dispute with the U.S. over government subsidies to the world’s two largest aircraft manufacturers, Airbus and Boeing Co. The U.S. had said it would seek $10 billion in sanctions if the EU didn’t remedy illegal financing, which the trade body found in a 2011 ruling had cost Boeing plane sales and market share. The Geneva-based WTO can’t force nations or companies to drop payments that violate trade rules, but it can authorize retaliatory measures to pressure governments into complying with its rulings. The EU can still appeal the latest decision. If it loses, the U.S. could seek sanctions. Separate cases involving assistance for Boeing remain under consideration. “This report is a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers,” U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said in a statement. “We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves.” Launch Aid Airbus said an appeal by the European side would probably focus on interest-rate benchmarks for its government financing. The planemaker said the report confirmed that Europe’s chosen method of partnering with its large civil aircraft industry is acceptable under international trade law. “We only needed to make limited changes in European policies and practices to comply,” Airbus said in an e-mailed statement. “The only open point is final ruling on the interest rate benchmark for the government loans. We are confident that we will win that point on appeal.” The WTO panel said EU member states have failed to adequately remedy launch aid for Airbus’s A380 superjumbo, infrastructure support and equity investments that the trade body determined in 2011 had unfairly benefited the planemaker. The ruling also faulted financing not mentioned in that decision five years ago: the terms of more than $4 billion in launch aid for Airbus’s new A350 wide-body jet. According to the U.S. Trade Representative, damages totaled $22 billion. Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Everything you need to know about what’s moving markets, in your inbox daily. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits The best from Bloomberg on style, food and travel. Without opening 50 tabs. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The EU “is closely examining” the 574-page report and has found some conclusions “unsatisfactory,” a European Commission spokesperson said by e-mail. “An important win for the EU is that the panel rejected new U.S. claims that repayable support for the Airbus models A350 XWB and A380 are ‘prohibited subsidies.’ The panel has also found that all previous repayable support to other aircrafts, such as the A320, had ended.” Longstanding Spat The ruling marks the latest development in a decades-long spat between the close allies and trade partners over government support for large, civil aircraft manufacturing. In 2011, the WTO determined that France, Germany, Spain, and the U.K. provided Airbus with support that ran afoul of trade rules. The EU said it reclaimed some $2.3 billion in launch-aid loans and modified the other assistance in question. The U.S. said Europe’s subsidies for the Airbus A380 remained in place and in 2012 asked a WTO compliance panel to investigate the matter. “What we’ve always aspired to is for Europe and Airbus to stop the practice of market-distorting launch aid,” Ted Austell, a Boeing vice president for executive, legislative and regulatory affairs, said. “We would like for there to be consequences for their investment decisions.” In a separate case, the trade organization is still determining whether Boeing and the U.S. have adequately addressed $5.3 billion in illegal aid that flowed to the Chicago-based planemaker. The EU has filed another case challenging $8.7 billion in subsidies granted by the state of Washington in 2013 in exchange for a Boeing pledge to manufacture its 777X jet in the Puget Sound region. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Says Ford Called to Say It's Keeping SUV Plant in Kentucky Pence Tells House GOP to Get Ready for Sweeping Legislation Obama Should Pardon ‘Dreamer’ Immigrants, Democrats Say Pelosi Faces Little-Known Opponent as Democrats Rue Election Musk Says Tesla’s Solar Shingles Will Cost Less Than a Dumb Roof Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Business U.S. grants Boeing, Airbus licenses to sell airplanes to Iran FILES-US-IRAN-BOEING-AVIATION-POLITICS Jason Redmond/ AFP/Getty Images The U.S. government granted aviation giants Airbus and Boeing permission on Wednesday to sell aircraft to Iran following last year's nuclear accord. The U.S. government granted aviation giants Airbus and Boeing permission on Wednesday to sell aircraft to Iran following last year's nuclear accord. (Jason Redmond/ AFP/Getty Images) Tribune news servicesContact Reporter Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing Co. have received permission from the U.S. government to sell aircraft to Iran, part of landmark deals potentially worth some $50 billion in total following last year's nuclear accord. The announcements Wednesday came as Iranian and U.S. leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and show that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honoring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. The next administration, however, may change that equation for Airbus and Boeing, whose possible deal with Iran would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. Boeing mulls phasing out 747 Tribune news services Boeing signaled in a regulatory filing Wednesday that it might soon end production of its iconic 747. The double-deck jet — known as the Queen of the Skies — revolutionized air travel by making it more affordable for the masses. The giant jet once stood alone, with more seats than any other jet... Boeing signaled in a regulatory filing Wednesday that it might soon end production of its iconic 747. The double-deck jet — known as the Queen of the Skies — revolutionized air travel by making it more affordable for the masses. The giant jet once stood alone, with more seats than any other jet... (Tribune news services) European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the U.S. Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control early Wednesday. Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the U.S. Treasury for the deal because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer's components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon told The Associated Press. The license announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5 million. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first license around at least $1.8 billion and possibly much higher based on list prices, though buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders. Under Boeing's deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s in a deal that Iranian officials have suggested would be worth some $25 billion in total. Boeing celebrates its 100th anniversary on July 15, 2016. Founded in 1916 by William Boeing as Pacific Aero Products Co., it was renamed Boeing Airplane Co. the next year. It soon began making planes for the military as the U.S. entered World War I. One hundred years later, Boeing's contributions include the B-17 Flying Fortress, innovations in commercial flight and space exploration. More information about the centennial can be found on Boeing's website. In a statement, Boeing spokesman Marc Sklar said, "We have received that license and remain in talks with Iran Air" based on the memorandum of agreement reached in June. The U.S. Treasury confirmed in a statement that the agency had granted the first licenses to Airbus and Boeing. "These licenses contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity," the Treasury said in the statement. Iran's English language Press TV reported Thursday that Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan said Iran expects the purchase of planes from Boeing to proceed faster than they will with France's Airbus. "This is because the structure of negotiations with Boeing is different from that of Airbus," he said. Fakhrieh Kashan said Boeing has sent the text of its contract to Iran to be studied by the Iranian authorities. He said that Boeing officials were due to travel to Tehran next week to work toward finalizing the contract. Iran's U.N. mission did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday. Iran's nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. The license approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to begin accessing one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world, home to 80 million people. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for two separate $25 billion deals. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. Out of Iran's 250 commercial planes, 162 were flying in June, while the rest were grounded due to lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists 43 airplanes in its fleet, says it has direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London. The aircraft deal also has become a political issue in an election year in the U.S. Some American lawmakers have criticized the Boeing deal to Iran over the Islamic Republic's "pernicious behavior," including launching ballistic missiles, firing rockets near U.S. warships in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and briefly detaining American sailors who strayed into its territorial waters. The U.S. presidential election could also have an effect on the sales. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to tear up the nuclear deal if elected this November. Associated Press Copyright © 2016, Chicago Tribune Middle East Iran United Nations Boeing says it signs sales agreement with Iran Air Chicago-based Boeing selling 100 planes to Iran, aviation official says Iran says Boeing offers new aircraft during Tehran trip Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 61°
null
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Login Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business International Trade Nation & World Politics Airbus scoffs, Boeing crows as WTO slams EU for failing to address illegal subsidies Originally published September 22, 2016 at 7:35 am Updated September 22, 2016 at 8:38 pm The WTO decided that launch aid for the A350, which now poses a significant competitive threat to Boeing’s 787 and 777 programs, was virtually identical to earlier subsidies and should be covered by its 2010 subsidy ruling. (AP Photo/Bob Edme) A dozen years after the U.S. first dragged the European Union to the WTO, the trade body ruled Thursday the EU hasn’t done enough to remedy the harm done by Airbus subsidies. Boeing declared victory while Airbus scoffed. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter A World Trade Organization (WTO) compliance panel ruled Thursday that the European Union has fallen dramatically short of remedying the harm to Boeing from illegal subsidies to Airbus. The decision opens a path for the U.S. to implement trade sanctions against the EU — potentially imposing billions of dollars in tariffs on its goods or services. In an early-morning news teleconference, the U.S. Trade Representative, Ambassador Michael Froman, called the ruling “a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers.” “We will not tolerate our trading partners, even our closest trading partners, ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers,” Froman said. Most Read Stories Trump supporter in state Senate says some protests are ‘economic terrorism,’ should be felonies Flesh-eating bacteria traced to tilapia bought from Bellevue market Earl Thomas, Rob Gronkowski have cool Twitter exchange about hard hit in Sunday's game Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West Coast Cheap Eats: Some of Seattle’s greatest food isn’t found at the priciest places | PNW Magazine  WATCHUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Yet Airbus officials and some independent analysts shrugged off the ruling as another empty step in a tortuous proceeding that’s going nowhere — very slowly. It’s now more than a dozen years since the U.S. first dragged the European Union (EU) before the WTO dispute-settlement panel, and the EU will almost certainly appeal the new ruling. Scott Hamilton, Bainbridge Island-based aviation expert with Leeham.net, said he would be “shocked if tariffs are imposed on any Airbus or Boeing products and it would be stupid to impose tariffs against unrelated industries.” Still, Ted Austell, Boeing vice president for trade issues, declared the ruling a comprehensive legal beating for Airbus. He summarized the WTO report as saying “the EU and Airbus did essentially nothing at all to come into compliance” after the trade organization found the European jet maker had received illegal subsidies from France, Germany, the U.K. and Spain. The subsidies came largely in the form of “launch aid” — upfront loans to fund Airbus’ development of new jet programs. Boeing says Airbus used about $15 billion in launch aid to develop all its planes up to the A380 superjumbo, plus about $2 billion in other subsidies. In 2010, the WTO ruled those loans illegal because the European governments gave Airbus the money on highly favorable, noncommercial terms. In a surprise step, Thursday’s WTO ruling also declared illegal nearly $5 billion in additional government loans that Airbus used to launch its latest jet, the A350, which competes with Boeing’s 787 and 777 airplanes. Though those loans were granted after the U.S. filed its original case, the WTO decided they should be covered by the same ruling. “It is apparent that the A350XWB could not have been launched and brought to market in the absence of launch aid,” the WTO report said. In assessing the competitive harm done, the report said that, as a result of the Airbus launch aid, Boeing lost 50 orders in the 787/777 large-aircraft category, 54 in the 747 very-large jet category and 271 in the 737 narrowbody-jet category. Airbus reacts In a statement, Boeing Chairman and Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said the ruling “finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules.” In response, Airbus Chief Executive Tom Enders said Muilenburg “should be careful throwing stones at us while he himself sits in a glass house.” “Boeing might later be hit by a rock when the next WTO ruling comes,” Enders added, referring to the EU’s parallel countersuit against Boeing. In an email after the U.S. Trade Representative’s news conference, Airbus Senior Vice President Rainer Ohler derided the WTO process as “pathetic,” saying it has so far produced no material result for Boeing. He said “only tiny tweaks” will be required to make the A350 launch-aid terms compliant with WTO rules. Ohler praised the European “public-private partnership model,” based on providing reimbursable loans, as “stronger than ever.” In contrast, he was cynical about the U.S. alternative of government funding. He characterized Boeing as tapping “the U.S. military-industrial complex” for money. Ohler also mocked the Boeing 787 as a “subsidy-liner” and said the U.S. jet maker “has laid the biggest egg in subsidy history” with the $8.7 billion in tax breaks for the 777X from the state of Washington. Protracted procedures Inescapably, though, Thursday’s ruling zeroed in on the Airbus subsidies. It has been six years since the world trade body ruled that European government subsidies to Airbus were illegal. A year later, an appeals panel reduced the charges somewhat, but retained major findings against Airbus and required the EU to remedy the harm done to Boeing. The new report undercut the European claim that only “limited changes” in its practices will suffice to fix its funding model. Only two of 36 actions Airbus took toward meeting its WTO obligations qualified as steps toward compliance, the report said. Austell, of Boeing, pointed to the Airbus A380 program as a clear example of how launch aid distorts the market. The A380 program faces potential closure unless the jet maker gets significant new orders in the next couple of years — a situation Boeing also faces with the 747. If the A380 is terminated, Austell said, Airbus’ ability to walk away from its launch-aid loans on that program without fully repaying them is an unacceptable advantage. “Programs like the A380 need to have a commercial consequence,” he said. “The last thing we want is for Airbus to pirouette away from that loan obligation … and have no economic consequence on the balance sheet.” Countersuit vs. Boeing Meanwhile, a countersuit the EU brought against U.S. for subsidies to Boeing is moving in parallel. In that case, the WTO ruled five years ago that a much lower level of Boeing subsidies were also illegal. Boeing was found guilty of receiving about $2.7 billion in subsidies, including NASA research grants and state subsidies such as the 2003 tax breaks granted by the state of Washington. However, the EU filed that suit more than a year after the U.S. filed its case against Airbus, and its outcome is still lagging. A ruling on U.S. compliance with the remedies demanded in that ruling is expected by next spring. Bob Novick, former general counsel to the U.S. Trade Representative during President Clinton’s administration, insisted the two cases are as comparable as an elephant is to a mouse. Novick, now a managing partner at Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale & Dorr and outside counsel to Boeing on the WTO dispute, argued that the impact of those subsidies is tiny compared with the impact of the billions Airbus received upfront every time it developed a new plane. “The nature of launch aid, the effect it has had in allowing Airbus to build all of its airplanes, and the harm the WTO found it caused to Boeing are not matched by anything even alleged by the EU that the U.S. gave to Boeing,” Novick said. Trade war? Michael Lutting, Boeing executive vice president and general counsel, said that “whatever happens in the European cases against the United States,” Airbus needs to end its launch-aid programs. But a European source close to the Airbus case, who asked not to be identified, characterized the whole WTO process as a waste of time and money that will not produce any enforceable outcome. This person said Boeing has merely succeeded in proving the toothlessness of the WTO to the Chinese, the Russians and other competitors. He pointed out that Canada recently poured $2 billion directly into Montreal-based Bombardier’s new CSeries jet program, unafraid of any consequences at the WTO. Richard Aboulafia, aviation analyst with the Teal Group, agreed. “It’s a nice moral victory. It validates what Boeing has been saying. But how does it produce anything tangible?” he asked. “It won’t change much.” Leeham.net’s Hamilton was even more cynical. “Only the lawyers get rich,” he said. An Airbus spokeswoman said any appeal of the ruling will likely center on the narrow issue of whether the interest rates for its government loans correspond to commercial terms. “We are confident that we will win that point on appeal,” the spokeswoman said. “Whatever Boeing will say, nobody will have to go to the bank. There have never been any repayments and there never will be. It is not in the spirit of WTO.” Assuming an EU appeal failed and the WTO approved retaliatory tariffs — which could potentially amount to more than $10 billion — the U.S. government could then move to slap tariffs on EU products or services. Political reality is that a trade war would not begin without serious negotiations between the EU and U.S. Such negotiations are unlikely until the case against Boeing reaches the same stage as the one against Airbus and all appeals in both are exhausted. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Top Leaderboard, Site wide Left Masthead November 18, 2016 HOME Ear to the Ground All Ear to the ground Larry's List Columnists Bill Blum Bill Boyarsky Juan Cole Amy Goodman Chris Hedges John Kiriakou Sonali Kolhatkar Robert Scheer More Truthdiggers Global Voices Truthdiggers of the Week Nominate a Truthdigger Cartoons Nick Anderson Clay Bennett Jeff Danziger Mark Fiore Mr. Fish Mike Luckovich Signe Wilkinson Holiday Animation All Cartoons Arts & Culture Author Interview Book Excerpts Book Reviews Essays Film Reviews Poetry Digs The Death of Truth The Last Letter All Digs Multimedia A/V Booth Truthdig Radio Photo Essays Podcasts Q&A: Live Chats Shop Bazaar Truthdig Merchandise Donate Trending: bernie sanders donald trump election 2016 noam chomsky nodapl wall street Most Read The Secret Cost of Chinese Buffets, Part 2 Bernie Sanders Continues His Political Revolution Investigative Reporter Greg Palast: GOP Stole 2016 Election Using Voter Suppression, Purging Ploys Jon Stewart Reflects on the Election: Not All Trump Voters Embody ‘the Worst of His Rhetoric’ Why Every Person at the DNC Should Be Fired Most Comments Most Shared REPORTS None of Them Have Ever Been My President By Glen Ford / Black Agenda Report Donald Trump’s Business Empire May Present ‘Most Blatant Conflicts of Interest in History’ By Deirdre Fulton / Common Dreams Bernie Sanders Continues His Political Revolution By Sonali Kolhatkar Ear to the Ground 18 Journalism Groups Send Letter to President-Elect Donald Trump for Press Access Top WikiLeaks Editor: Democrats Should Be Happy About the Organization’s Commitment to Transparency We Are One GOP-Controlled Statehouse Away From a Convention to Rewrite the Constitution Elizabeth Warren Sends Letter to Trump: ‘You Already Appear to Be Failing’ on Campaign Promises A/V Booth Robert Scheer and Kali Nicole Gross Dissect a Startling Crime Jon Stewart Reflects on the Election: Not All Trump Voters Embody ‘the Worst of His Rhetoric’ Animation A Cartoonist’s Apology (Video) Arts & Culture Kurt Vonnegut’s Call to Save the Planet Is Just as Timely Now as It Was Four Decades Ago By Kurt Vonnegut / Alternet Through a Looking Glass, Darkly By Mr. Fish Frackopoly By H. Patricia Hynes Journalism Icon I.F. Stone’s Words Ring Truer Than Ever in ‘All Governments Lie’ By Jordan Riefe The Secret History of Las Vegas: A Novel Chris Abani $14.54 The Village Against the World $26.95 Ash Grey T-Shirt $19   Why the Boeing and Airbus Sales to Iran Are a Big Effing Deal Posted on Sep 22, 2016 By Juan Cole / Informed Comment The US Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the real power center for the American government, has issued licenses to Airbus and Boeing allowing them to sell commercial airliners to Iran.  President Obama ordered the licenses, defying the Republican-controlled Congress, which doesn’t want any easing of the US economic boycott on Iran. Vice President Joe Biden called the signing of Obamacare a “big effing deal” but did not use the euphemism.  These purchases are also a huge deal. First, it is highly unethical to make it difficult for Iran to buy civilian aircraft.  Iran’s fleet is positively ancient and only 162 of its 250 planes are able to fly, with the rest grounded for lack of spare parts.  The US embargo on this sector is endangering civilian noncombatants every day and it is therefore a war crime.  Americans opposing these transactions should be ashamed of themselves.  Women and children fly on those planes, and only a pervert and a coward wants to kill innocent children.  Second, it is crazy to give away the Iranian market (nearly 80 million people and an oil state which is very rich) to e.g. European manufacturers.  American workers need good-paying jobs, and selling airplanes to Iran will generate them. Advertisement Square, Site wide Third, Boeing just became a major lobbyist for the JCPOA, the deal with Iran signed by President Obama.  That deal had not had a great many supporters inside the US, after decades during which Iran and the US have demonized one another.  The JCPOA is much more likely to survive and be deepened if at least some big corporations come to support it (it makes them money). BBC Monitoring translated Mehr news agency, Tehran, in Persian 1601 gmt 20 Sep 16; as saying that Iran’s Naft Airlines actually already has received its first Boeing 737 plane.  “Following the nuclear agreement, we signed a contract with Boeing to buy four 737 jets. One of those purchased aircraft was delivered to Naft Airlines two days ago,” Nourollah Rezai Niaraki, the CEO of Naft Airlines, told the semi-official Mehr news agency . . . Following last year’s landmark nuclear agreement and the subsequent lifting of sanctions on its economy, Iran bought 118 Airbus and 80 Boeing jets to modernise its ageing fleet. Iran actually will only buy 112 Airbus planes because originally it was also purchasing six big heavy airliners that weren’t suited to the Iranian market.  Some observers wondered if the 6 cancellations were the result of American pressure, but Iranian officials denied that that is the reason.  BBC Monitoring translates, “Asghar Fakhrieh Kashani, a deputy roads and urban development minister, told the semi-official Young Journalists’ Club (YJC) the decision had been made due to the large size of the six airliners.  “We did not pull out because of the Americans sabotaging [the deal]. The real reason was that airliners did not technically comply with our demands.  These six jets are very heavy and used for long-distance journeys.”  – (Iranian Young Journalists’ Club website, Tehran, in Persian 0750 gmt 20 Sep 16.) The Iran deal has been a disappointment to the Iranian public because it hasn’t actually produced many new economic benefits for Tehran.  These aircraft purchases are likely the beginning of a whole new set of relationships. The thicker the trade networks between countries the less they can afford to go to war with one another.  So that’s why this is a big effing deal. TAGS: airbus boeing iran iran airbus iran boeing iran deal iranian economy juan cole middle east middle eastern politics obama iran politics Related Entries Sting and Gandhian Anti-Terrorism: Your Paris Vacation Can Help Cripple Islamic State (Video) Neofascist Trump Adviser Steve Bannon: Anger’s Good ‘If You’re Fighting to Take This Country Back’ Four Years of Donald Trump Could Sink the Planet (Video) Progressives Can Get Through the Next Four Years by Organizing Email to a friend Get truth delivered to your inbox every day. New and Improved Comments If you have trouble leaving a comment, review this help page. Still having problems? Let us know. If you find yourself moderated, take a moment to review our comment policy. Join the conversation Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   Right 1, Site wide - BlogAds Premium   Right 2, Site wide - Blogads Right Skyscraper, Site Wide Right Internal Skyscraper, Site wide         New on Truthdig None of Them Have Ever Been My President Posted on Nov 18, 2016 Robert Scheer and Kali Nicole Gross Dissect a Startling Crime Posted on Nov 18, 2016 Jon Stewart Reflects on the Election: Not All Trump Voters Embody ‘the Worst of His Rhetoric’ Posted on Nov 17, 2016 Donald Trump’s Business Empire May Present ‘Most Blatant Conflicts of Interest in History’ Posted on Nov 17, 2016 HOME Ear to the Ground All Ear to the ground Larry's List Columnists Bill Blum Bill Boyarsky Juan Cole Amy Goodman Chris Hedges John Kiriakou Sonali Kolhatkar Robert Scheer More Truthdiggers Global Voices Truthdiggers of the Week Nominate a Truthdigger Cartoons Nick Anderson Clay Bennett Jeff Danziger Mark Fiore Mr. Fish Mike Luckovich Signe Wilkinson Holiday Animation All Cartoons Arts & Culture Author Interview Book Excerpts Book Reviews Essays Film Reviews Poetry Digs The Death of Truth The Last Letter All Digs Multimedia A/V Booth Truthdig Radio Photo Essays Podcasts Q&A: Live Chats Shop Bazaar Truthdig Merchandise Donate A Progressive Journal of News and Opinion Publisher Zuade Kaufman | Editor Robert Scheer About Us | Contact Us | Advertise or Partner with Truthdig | User Agreement | Privacy Policy | Comment Policy © 2016 Truthdig, LLC. All rights reserved. Website development by Hop Studios Like Truthdig on Facebook  
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back US allows Boeing, Airbus to sell planes to Iran IANS | New York Sep 22, 2016 02:22 PM IST Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing have obtained a US government licence to complete sale of planes to Iran Air despite fierce political opposition, media reports said. A spokesman for Boeing said the licence covered the sale of 80 planes to Iran's national carrier, Iran Air, while Airbus confirmed it received a licence for an initial sale of 17 planes -- part of a larger deal signed in January that involves a total of 118 planes, the New York Times reported. "In a country of nearly 80 million people, it is accepted by the industry that there is a market need for some 400 to 500 new commercial planes to replace Iran's existing, ageing fleet and meet growing travel demand," USA Today cited a statement by Airbus spokesman Mary Anne Greczyn. The Treasury Department said in a statement on Wednesday that the licences "contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred". The decision is a boon not only for the two companies but also for Iranian politicians who want to expand Iran's engagement with the world now that sanctions linked to Iran's nuclear programme have been lifted. The House of Representatives voted in July to block aircraft sales by Airbus and Boeing to Iran and sought a legislation to block the Treasury Department from licensing the sales and to prevent loans from US institutions to finance the deals. Over the past four decades, hundreds of Iranians have died in crashes caused by malfunctioning or poorly maintained aircraft. "From today, we will have safe planes," Iranian President Hassan Rouhani promised in January 2016 when the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPA) became fully operational. --IANS vgu/ksk/dg Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Current Affairs 32 children die of Encephalitis in Odisha Rajya Sabha member's bill declares Pakistan terrorist nation SC junks PIL against Airtel Half Marathon in Delhi People continue to battle cash crunch in banks, ATMs First airborne early warning system likely in December [ more ] Top Stories Demonetisation: Govt may do away with cash exchange gradually Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? Public finds demonetisation both boon and bane: Survey No note exchange at banks tomorrow; senior citizens exempted Demonetisation: Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps [ more ] Markets Gold quotes at huge discount, price hits 4-month low Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high Sugar shares in focus; Upper Ganges, Oudh Sugar up 20% [ more ] Companies Natco plans to double drug filings next year Infosys invests Rs 14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs Mopeds gain speed, overtake scooters in growth [ more ] Opinion Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate More headwinds ahead for Bajaj Finance [ more ] Latest News Modi's cashless economy is good business for Microsoft Demonetisation: Govt may do away with cash exchange gradually Planys Technologies launches second underwater robot IDFC Bank facilitates cashless transactions at local mandi Govt's move to curb black money a 'disaster' for rural women, say Activists [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2THhrSl Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out18:47 GMT +318 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search There are 'Good Chances' Russia's New Jetliner Will Take Off in Global Market © Sputnik/ IRKUT Corporation/Marina Lisceva Russia 14:52 22.09.2016(updated 16:48 22.09.2016) Get short URL 13900230 The end of "the era of air dinosaurs", such as the A380 and the Boeing 777 jets, may open up new prospects for the development of the Russian aircraft industry and its brand-new MC-21 passenger aircraft, according to experts. © Photo: Irkut Corporation Russia's MC-21: Boeing to Face Potential Challenger in the SkiesThe Russian news website Life.ru quoted experts as saying that the end of "the era of air dinosaurs", including the A-380 and the Boeing-777 jets, may add significantly to boosting the Russian aircraft industry and its state-of-the-art passenger plane, the MC-21. The experts' remarks came after recent reports that Singapore Airlines had decided not to keep the first five A380 super-jumbo jets the company had leased earlier the move was followed by other major airlines of the Asia-Pacific region, including Australia's Qantas Airways and Malaysia Airlines. The Airbus A380 is a double-deck, wide-body, four-engine jet airliner, known to be the world's largest passenger airliner. © AP Photo/ Reed Saxon A Singapore Airlines Airbus 380 is parked behind a red carpet and stantion holding the ceremonial ribbon that was cut at the grand opening of the Tom Bradley International Terminal at Los Angeles International Airport. File photo In another development, Boeing's chief executive said last week that the production of Boeing 777 jets may be reduced further than projected if sales lag this year. As for Russia's MC-21 medium-haul passenger jetliner, its distinctive feature is the improved comfort of passengers, which is on a par with that of wide-body aircraft, Life.ru recalled. © AP Photo/ Elaine Thompson A Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-312ER takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash. File photo It quoted experts as saying that taking into account the MC-21's increased mobility and efficiency, the plane may occupy a niche in the global transport market in the near future.  © Sputnik/ Alexandr Astafiev June 8, 2016. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev takes part in a presentation of MC-21-300 mid-range aircraft at the Irkutsk Aircraft Plant (Irkut Corporation). While they remain upbeat about the MC-21's ability to foray into the international market, at the same time they cited the global risks related to the deterioration of the political and economic situation. © Photo: irkut.com Passenger area of the MC-21, with a notably roomy aisle space. "The M-21 outstrips both the A320neo and the Boeing 737max in terms of performance characteristics, and there is no doubt that the Russian plane will finally foray into the market. At the same time, we should consider the current political situation in the world, which could complicate the plane's breakthrough," Oleg Panteleyev, director of the Russian branch agency Aviaport, told Life.ru. He was echoed by Roman Gusarov, chief editor of the branch website Aviaru.net, who specifically pointed to the fact that the protracted world economic crisis had led to a situation when wide-body aircraft proved to be out of favor. "By the way, demand for business jets has also been steadily declining since 2008. Against this background, the low-cost airline segment comes to the fore, replacing the classic airlines. The segment will first of all need the MC-21-ilke jetliners, which is why the new Russian plane has a good chance to succeed," Gusarov said. © Sputnik/ IRKUT Corporation/Marina Lisceva MC-21 Airliner to Define the Future of Russian Civil Aircraft IndustryThe narrow-body MC-21 jet, which is manufactured by Irkut Corporation and is already being touted as "the airliner of the 21st century", will replace older Russian airlines, including the Tupolev TU-154 and TU-134. The airliner is capable of transporting between 150 and 230 passengers, and its range stands at more than 5,000 kilometers (3,105 miles). According to Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin, Russia plans to sell up to 1,000 MC-21 jets within the next 20 years. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 230 Related: Baku Interested in Russian MC-21, First 10-Plane Contract May Be Signed in 2017 Mass Production of Russia's MC-21 Airliner Expected to Begin in 2018 - Rostec Russian Producer to Partly Substitute Foreign Components for MC-21 Plane MC-21 is a Major Achievement for the Aircraft Industry - Expert Tags: aircraft, market, production, company, plane, industry, MC-21, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories US in Syria: Obama's Failed 'Final Accord' US policy in Syria is clearly in a gridlock, however it seems clear to everyone except the While House and the US State Department. Meanwhile, the Obama administration could have at least tried to find a solution before it vacates the office, but has shown no interest in doing so, according to RIA Novosti observer Ilya Kharlamov. 5612 NATO Chief Calls for US Leadership in Alliance Amid EU, Turkish Tensions NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has called for Europe to do more on defense and security, but cautioned against an EU-led military operation, while also asserting the strategic importance of Turkey as a NATO member, despite continuing friction between Ankara and Brussels. 0 82 US Security Company Busts New Chinese Smartphone Spyware Security company Kryptowire managed to identify millions of Android smartphones that were laced with hidden software that allowed a third party to spy on their users’ activities. 0 171 'The First Line of Defense': Peshmerga to Stay in Iraq's Liberated Areas Peshmerga forces entered key areas liberated from Daesh terrorists in Iraq's Kurdistan and will stay on there in the future, Kemah Makhmud, advisor to the President of the Kurdistan told Sputnik Arabic. 0 93 Latin America Turns to Cheap, Good Quality Russian Grain as US Prices Rise Amid rising prices for US grain, Latin American countries are turning to less traditional suppliers such as Russia. 2696 Giant Tablets Make Cities Smarter (PHOTO) Rio de Janeiro’s residents and tourists spotted weird objects in the streets of Copacabana. Giant public tablets, which many call "selfie machines" or "public cameras," are not only for making photos, but also optimize the urban mobility and provide people with useful information. 0 116 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 18:45Trump: Flynn to Be 'Invaluable Asset' as National Security Adviser 18:45Some Like It Hot... And Expensive: 7 Celebrity Outfits Sold for Big Bucks 18:41Lawyer Hopes for Trump Administration to Change US Stance on Assange, Manning 18:37Russia Regains Status of One of Leaders on Global Food Market - Medvedev 18:30Trump Team Confirms US Attorney General, CIA, National Security Advisor PicksAll news Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 15406 India to Test Own Drone to Avoid US, Israeli Makes 12295 India Increases Bargaining Power as Home-Made Military Drone Passes First Test 12029 Russia Still India’s Main Partner in Nuclear Energy Despite French, US Interest 10076 Indian Overnight Currency Ban Hits Bull's Eye on Terror Funding 10069All news Outgoing US President Obama Holds Farewell Meeting With Top Ally Merkel 39 More US Students Leave Class in Protest of Trump Win 37 Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 31 Kirby Must Be Disciplined for Discrimination of RT Journalist - Lavrov 28 Lavrov Says Washington, Moscow Unable to Maintain Negative Course in Relations 28All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures No Trump Bid US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
null
null
Skip to main content UQ Home Contacts Study Maps News Events Library my.UQ The University of Queensland UQ News Homepage Site menu Show Search Home Topics Agriculture + Food Arts + Society Business + Economy Engineering + Technology Environment + Sustainability Health + Medicine Law Resources + Energy Science Search news Contacts Boeing partnership to give UQ students and researchers new altitude UQ has announced a new partnership with Boeing.22 September 2016 A key partnership will soon take off at The University of Queensland, as Boeing Research and Technology Australia establishes a presence at the UQ St Lucia campus, in an Asia-Pacific first. Boeing Chairman, President and CEO Mr Dennis Muilenburg announced the partnership at the McDonnell Academy Symposium in Brisbane tonight (22 September). It involves about 30 Boeing staff working at UQ’s campus, and collaborating with UQ researchers and students on topics including: cabin disease transmission; unmanned aircraft and autonomous systems; and environmental monitoring technologies (including for the Great Barrier Reef).   UQ Vice-Chancellor and President Professor Peter Høj said it marked a global innovation leader’s vote of confidence in UQ. “This agreement is a strong endorsement from Boeing of UQ staff, students and graduates, following 13 years of collaborations which have enabled the company to test UQ’s capabilities in areas including neuroscience, maths and advanced engineering,” he said. “The agreement is also an important signal for strengthening university-industry relations in Australia.” Boeing Australia, New Zealand and South Pacific President Maureen Dougherty said the partnership built on UQ and Boeing’s long-running relationship, which began in 2003. “This agreement marks not just a new chapter in our long relationship with UQ, but it also goes to the heart of the National Innovation and Science Agenda which calls for stronger collaboration between industry and academia,” she said. Boeing’s history with UQ includes a range of support for students, plus more than $10.5 million invested in diverse research projects, such as unmanned aircraft systems (at UQ’s Queensland Brain Institute) and sustainable fuel (at UQ’s Australian Institute of Bioengineering and Nanotechnology).  In September 2015 the partners announced the Boeing UQ Research Alliance PhD Scholarship Scheme, which supports 11 students in fields including human factors, maths, physics, and advanced engineering. Boeing also offers undergraduate scholarships, aerospace engineering scholarships and student placements, and the company is part of an outreach program for Indigenous and low socio-economic high school students who are keen on engineering. Last week the Palaszczuk Government announced $1.22 million for a Boeing-UQ collaboration on incremental sheet forming, a manufacturing technique that is cheaper and more efficient than traditional sheet forming and that can be used across biomedical and engineering industries. Professor Høj said Boeing’s commitment to workplace equality and diversity aligned with UQ’s Women in Engineering program, which has seen growth in the proportion of engineering students who are women. In 2015, 22.1 per cent of UQ undergraduate engineering students were women – well above the national average of 14.4 per cent. “UQ alumni are already creating change with Boeing, and we look forward to seeing what can be achieved now we’re working even more closely together,” Professor Høj said. BR&T-Australia will be housed in refurbished space in the Faculty of Engineering, Architecture and Information Technology precinct. The facilities are expected to open in the first quarter of 2017. Media: UQ Communications, communications@uq.edu.au, 3365 3439. Share link: Email Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Google Plus Subscribe to the UQ News weekly newsletter Subscribe Recent Headlines ‘Crudity and incivility’ boosted Trump’s appeal 18 November 2016 Female leaders unite to support science success 18 November 2016 Word of the Year honour a cliff-hanger 18 November 2016 UQ scientist picks up Academy of Science award 18 November 2016 More headlines The Conversation Change section 18C? Critics should do this crash course first 15 November 2016 Climate change is affecting all life on Earth – and that's not good news for humanity 12 November 2016 Self control, the harms of pot, and fat genes: how the 44-year-old Dunedin study keeps on giving 9 November 2016 Australian law needs a refresher on the science of HIV transmission 8 November 2016 Hope and aspiration at the National Architecture Awards 7 November 2016 Read more UQ articles on The Conversation Home › Boeing partnership to give UQ students and researchers new altitude The University of Queensland, Australia Brisbane St Lucia, QLD 4072 +61 7 3365 1111 Other Campuses: UQ Gatton, UQ Herston, Ipswich Campus Maps and Directions © 2016 The University of Queensland A Member of Privacy & Terms of use | Feedback Authorised by: Director, Office of Marketing and Communications ABN: 63 942 912 684 CRICOS Provider No: 00025B Quick Links For Media Emergency Contact Social Media Facebook Twitter Flickr Instagram YouTube Vimeo iTunes U Linkedin Explore Giving to UQ Faculties & Divisions UQ Jobs UQ Contacts Services & Facilities Login Need Help? UQ Answers EMERGENCY Ph. 3365 3333
null
Thursday, September 22, 2016  |  Dhu al Hijja 20, 1437 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Boeing employees work on a 737 MAX at the Boeing plant in Renton, Washington. The US company and its European rival Airbus can now sell to Iran. Matt Mills McKnight / Reuters Airbus and Boeing get US go-ahead for $50bn aircraft deal with Iran AP September 22, 2016 Updated: September 22, 2016 11:16 AM Related Dozens of Boeing and Airbus deliveries put back by Turkish Airlines Dubai International Airport to have most A380-capable gates in the world A380 has bright future despite production cutbacks, insists Airbus Airline industry’s profits take wing on low oil prices Airbus job-cuts possible as plane maker considers restructure plan Topics: Airbus Boeing Airbus and Boeing have received permission from the US government to sell aircraft to Iran, part of landmark deals potentially worth some US$50 billion in total following last year’s nuclear accord. The announcements came as Iranian and US leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and show that the outgoing administration of the US president Barack Obama is honouring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. The next administration, however, may change that equation for Airbus and Boeing, whose possible deal with Iran would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and US Embassy takeover. European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the licence from the US Treasury’s office of foreign assets control. Boeing followed with its own announcement later. Although based in France, Airbus needed the approval of the US Treasury for the deal because at least 10 per cent of the manufacturer’s components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licences to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, said the Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon. The licence announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some €22.8bn (Dh93.98bn). On Sunday, the state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5m. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first licence around at least $1.8bn and possibly much higher based on list prices, although buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders. Under Boeing’s deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6bn, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s in a deal that Iranian officials have suggested would be worth some $25bn in total. "We have received that licence and remain in talks with Iran Air" based on the memorandum of agreement reached in June, said the Boeing spokesman Marc Sklar . The US Treasury spokeswoman Dawn Selak acknowledged her agency granted the first licences to Airbus and Boeing. "These licences contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity," Mr Selak. Iran’s UN mission did not respond to a request for comment. Iran’s nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. The licence approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to begin accessing one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world, home to 80 million people. However, western analysts are sceptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for two separate $25bn deals. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the Islamic Revolution. Out of Iran’s 250 commercial planes, 162 were flying in June, while the rest were grounded due to lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists 43 aircraft in its fleet, says it has direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London. The aircraft deal also has become a political issue in an election year in the US. Some American policymakers have criticised the Boeing deal to Iran over the country’s "pernicious behavior", including launching ballistic missiles, firing rockets near US warships in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and briefly detaining American sailors who strayed into its territorial waters. The US presidential election could also have an effect on the sales. The republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to tear up the nuclear deal if elected this November. business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Dozens of Boeing and Airbus deliveries put back by Turkish Airlines Dubai International Airport to have most A380-capable gates in the world A380 has bright future despite production cutbacks, insists Airbus Airline industry’s profits take wing on low oil prices More Aviation Supercars can now travel in style from Dubai with Emirates Skywheels US regional airline Republic set to fly out of bankruptcy soon Bombardier’s passenger jet woes spur high-cost refinancing Brazil approves Qatar Airways’ stake purchase in Chile-based Latam Airlines MOST VIEWED Business | All Standard Chartered cuts 150 jobs in the UAE, may lay off more by year-end What happens if Dubai tenant stays in property without signing new contract on expiry? Saudi riyal depeg from US dollar a last resort in two years, says Prince Alwaleed Shapoorji Pallonji set for expansion outside India in Dubai Dubai expats group shows the way to managing a property portfolio UAE megaprojects 2016 – in pictures How asset classes fare in uncertainty Money & Me: Chief executive with 35 years in the UAE now investing in start-ups Egypt to cut energy subsidies further after securing IMF loan Dubai worker faces overstaying fine after no plane ticket from employer More Most Viewed Sheikh Zayed Road closed at Jebel Ali after accident Abu Dhabi residents face utility price rises American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate UAE National Day and Commemoration Day holidays for public and private sector British Muslim fights dismissal from teaching assistant job after objecting to 9/11 clip World’s first Bollywood theme park opens in Dubai UAE’s Indian expats ask for more time to exchange scrapped rupee notes Bollywood superstar Hrithik Roshan coming to Dubai Standard Chartered cuts 150 jobs in the UAE, may lay off more by year-end UAE Portrait of a Nation: Young manager gives hotel life five stars More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT UAE President bestows honour on ambassadors Exclusive: Daniel Ricciardo on Monaco, Malaysia, Max Verstappen and making an impact in Abu Dhabi About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Services Advertising Press Room Image bank Monitoring Subscribe for news Friday, 18 November 2016 USD 26.05 EUR 27.92 RUB 0.40 ENG УКР РУС Search Our Community Close. Information Agency Main Page Politics Economy War Kyiv Society World Pictures Videos Opinions Publications For subscribers Services Press Room Monitoring Image bank Products Advertising Archive Feedback Contact NYTimes: U.S. allows Boeing and Airbus to sell planes to Iran The United States on Wednesday removed a final hurdle for Western aircraft manufacturers to sell planes to Iran, a country desperately in need of hundreds of new aircraft, according to The New York Times.  World 10:44, 22 September 2016 REUTERS The Treasury Department granted the aviation giants Airbus and Boeing licenses to deliver planes to Tehran. The decision is a boon not only for the two companies but also for Iranian politicians who want to expand Iran's engagement with the world now that sanctions linked to Iran's nuclear program have been lifted, The New York Times wrote. A spokesman for Boeing said the license covered the sale of 80 planes to Iran's national carrier, Iran Air. Airbus confirmed that it received a license for an initial sale of 17 planes, part of a larger deal that involves a total of 118 planes. The green light for aircraft sales allows Iran, a country of 80 million, to start rebuilding its aging fleet of Boeing and Airbus planes and other secondhand aircraft purchased clandestinely from other countries. Over the past four decades, hundreds of Iranians have died in crashes caused by malfunctioning or poorly maintained aircraft, as noted in the report. "From today, we will have safe planes," President Hassan Rouhani of Iran promised in January when the accord between Iran and six world powers, including the United States, became fully operational. Under that deal, Iran has given up parts of its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Since then the country has managed to increase its oil sales, but it has not been able to sign major deals with Western companies because of continuing banking restrictions related to non-nuclear sanctions. While the United States has relaxed many of its sanctions against Iran, Washington still demands that even non-American manufacturers wishing to sell to Iran obtain an export license if their products include materials made in the United States. Airbus, based in Europe, buys more than 40% of all its aircraft parts in the United States, according to the report. If you notice a spelling error, please highlight it with your mouse and press Ctrl+Enter Read also Russia wants to dominate in region - Voigt ICC designates Crimea annexation as international armed conflict – report Johnny Depp supports Oleh Sentsov illegally imprisoned in Russia Putin awards medals to active Russian military after their return from Donbas war – media Russian Mig-29 crashes near its aircraft carrier in Mediterranean Ukraine's National Police chief Dekanoidze resigns – media World 15:50 Airstrikes kill 94 in Aleppo in 48 hours – media 14:38 Turkey says in talks with Russia on air defense system 11:51 FT: Putin circle nervous as corruption probe widens 11:06 Top U.S. intelligence official: Russia stopped hacking after U.S. warnings 09:52 Foreign Policy: How World War III could begin in Latvia 17 November, Thursday 23:50 Obama, Merkel discuss maintaining Russia sanctions until full implementation of Minsk 23:42 U.S. Intelligence chief James Clapper to resign - WSJ 23:27 Obama hopes Trump to be able to "stand up" to Russia 22:15 Lithuanian Parliament urges EU to extend sanctions against Russia 20:15 Europe at risk of collapse; France, Germany must lead - French PM 18:15 EU regrets Russia's decision on ICC 16:18 Bloomberg: Obama's sound advice for the European Union 14:44 Iraq: Hundreds of police in ISIS mass grave 13:29 Philippines' Duterte says may follow Russia's withdrawal from 'useless' ICC – Reuters 12:42 BBC: Clinton wanted to curl up after Trump win 11:50 Japan PM to be first foreign leader to meet Trump 11:04 U.S. Department of State comments on Russia's withdrawal from Hague ICC 16 November, Wednesday 21:00 Johnny Depp supports Oleh Sentsov illegally imprisoned in Russia 17:50 European leaders, NATO caution Trump on warming relations with Russia - WP 15:56 DW: Germany's Oettinger under fire over alleged ethics breach 15:14 Clinton's lead in popular vote passes 1 million – media 14:37 IS kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army 12:50 House reauthorizes Iran sanctions bill, sets Syria sanctions 11:55 Reuters: EU plans online screening for visa-free travelers 11:07 Angela Merkel to run for 4th term as Chancellor – media 08:59 McCain: A Trump administration thaw with Russia is 'unacceptable' – The Washington Post 15 November, Tuesday 19:10 Russia's major offensive in Syria: airstrikes on Aleppo resume 16:25 Air strike hits third Syrian hospital in 24 hours – media 15:16 Russian forces start large-scale operation against IS in Syria 14:07 International team to study exhumed Smolensk victims 11:58 Putin invites new Moldovan president to Moscow 08:30 Updated Russian Economy Minister Ulyukayev detained over bribe allegation 14 November, Monday 18:36 Updated Russian Mig-29 crashes near its aircraft carrier in Mediterranean 16:17 DW: Steinmeier poised to be German President 13:10 Bulgarian PM resigns after presidential candidate's defeat to Rumen Radev 11:28 Pro-Russia candidate claims victory in Moldova's presidential vote 11:09 Jihadists say Trump victory rallying call for new recruits 09:23 NYT: Trump picks Priebus as chief of staff and Bannon as strategist 13 November, Sunday 14:25 The Telegraph: Trump-Putin alliance sparks diplomatic crisis as British ministers demand assurances from U.S. over Russia 12 November, Saturday 21:16 Russia arrests 10 people on suspicion of terrorism 18:17 Russian airstrikes kill 9 civilians in Aleppo 16:29 Anti-Trump protesters gather for third night, one shot in Portland 14:42 WSJ: Donald Trump willing to keep parts of Obama health law 11 November, Friday 21:18 Russia explains why former U.S. ambassador McFaul on its travel ban list 17:51 Russia's security council chief apologizes for plot in Montenegro – The Guardian 14:00 BBC: Some MPs "ready to vote against triggering Brexit" 12:20 Taliban car bomb hits German consulate in Afghanistan 12:00 Anti-Trump protest in Portland reclassified as "riot", Trump says "professional" protesters involved 10 November, Thursday 16:40 Potential U.S. Secretary of State confident in arming Ukraine – media 16:20 Montenegro PM pro-Russian opposition plotted to kill him, demands explanations from Russia 14:20 Russia says it was in contact with Trump’s team during campaign - Bloomberg 10:40 Russia's Prokopchuk becomes Vice President of Interpol 09 November, Wednesday 23:55 WSJ peeks into list of people to key jobs in Trump administration 18:34 Reuters: Trump, U.S. Congress will agree on some issues, long-term questions loom 14:40 "World will become a crazier place": reaction of world leaders on Trump's victory 13:40 NATO Secretary General congratulates Trump, invites him to attend summit 12:40 Putin congratulates Trump 12:20 EU puts on sanctions list Russian "deputies" elected in annexed Crimea 12:00 Trump says U.S. to "get along" with all nations 10:10 Hillary Clinton concedes election to Donald Trump 09:50 Trump wins 07:45 Obama delivers special election night message 06:45 29 votes in Florida bring Trump's total score to 216 vs. Clinton's 209 06:15 Clinton leads Trump 190-186 with 270 electoral votes to win 03:23 Clinton takes the lead: 68 vs. Trump's 48 with 270 electoral votes to win All news All news Open © UNIAN.INFO, 2016 All Rights Protected. Under article 26 of the Law of Ukraine "On information agencies" the right of ownership of the news agency’s products is protected by Ukrainian legislation. The information published by UNIAN and the site unian.info are the property of "UNIAN." Any copying, including parts of texts or images, the publication and republication, reprinting or any other dissemination of UNIAN content, in whatever form or by whatever technical means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of UNIAN. While quoting any content of the agency, subscribers are obliged to note that its source is UNIAN. Material from UNIAN Web sites can be quoted without consent only on the condition that no more than one paragraph of text is used, and a direct hyperlink to the original text, accessible to search engines, is included no lower than the second paragraph of the text. The UNIAN logo is a registered trademark (service mark) UNIAN. Materials marked as "PR" and "Advertising" are considered as advertisements, and all responsibility for them lies with the advertiser. Load more Do you like the new site? Leave your opinion Send
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In World More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Travel Blogs Photos Videos Property TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos ALL News Home » World » US Pakistan stock markets on shaky grounds as India Pakistan a ‘terrorist state’, ‘Ivy League of China backs Pakistan's position on Kashmir: Li Pakistan a 'terrorist state', carries out war Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif's address at UNGCA: Key In wake of Uri terrorist attack, Pakistan nukes Pakistan cancels flights to northern cities over Not a day passes without Pakistan Army killing Full text: US lawmakers introduce bill to designate Mumbai attack mastermind Zaki-ur Rehman Lakhvi Pakistan stock markets on shaky grounds as India Pakistan a ‘terrorist state’, ‘Ivy League of China backs Pakistan's position on Kashmir: Li Pakistan a 'terrorist state', carries out war Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif's address at UNGCA: Key In wake of Uri terrorist attack, Pakistan nukes Pakistan cancels flights to northern cities over Not a day passes without Pakistan Army killing Full text: US lawmakers introduce bill to designate Mumbai attack mastermind Zaki-ur Rehman Lakhvi Just do it: Chinese city tells cadres to set China backs Pakistan's position on Kashmir: Li China to treat social media posts as evidence in Uri attack: China preaches peace ahead of Raheel Taiwan asks Google to blur images showing new South Gay man sues hospital for attempting to change his Now, an app to track web surfing by Chinese China admits it's feeling pressure from India in China's media warns Nepal against getting close to China-Pakistan Economic Corridor is an illegal Just do it: Chinese city tells cadres to set China backs Pakistan's position on Kashmir: Li China to treat social media posts as evidence in Uri attack: China preaches peace ahead of Raheel Taiwan asks Google to blur images showing new South Gay man sues hospital for attempting to change his Now, an app to track web surfing by Chinese China admits it's feeling pressure from India in China's media warns Nepal against getting close to China-Pakistan Economic Corridor is an illegal Jordanians elect new parliament Manhattan bombing suspect caught UN holds first-ever summit on refugees and migrants Pro-Putin party wins Russian parliamentary election Eastern China: Typhoon Meranti strikes Blast shakes Manhattan neighborhood, 29 hurt Obama, Netanyahu meet for last time 'Will fight for disabled people' Tear gas fired at US protest Attacker tried to storm Israeli embassy Charlotte protesters attack police car Obama's final address to UNGA US grants Airbus, Boeing permission to sell aircraft to Iran Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing Co. have received permission from the US government to sell aircraft to Iran, part of landmark deals potentially worth some $50 billion in total following last year's nuclear accord.AP | Updated: Sep 22, 2016, 12.37 PM IST Airbus announced on Sept. 21, 2016 that the US govt has granted it a license allowing it to sell the first 17 ... Read More DUBAI, UNITED ARAB EMIRATES: Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing Co. have received permission from the US government to sell aircraft to Iran, part of landmark deals potentially worth some $50 billion in total following last year's nuclear accord. The announcements on Wednesday came as Iranian and US leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and show that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honoring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. The next administration, however, may change that equation for Airbus and Boeing, whose possible deal with Iran would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and US Embassy takeover. European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the US Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control early Wednesday. Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the US Treasury for the deal because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer's components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesperson Justin Dubon told The Associated Press. The license announced on Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5 million. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first license around at least $1.8 billion and possibly much higher based on list prices, though buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders. Under Boeing's deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s in a deal that Iranian officials have suggested would be worth some $25 billion in total. In a statement, Boeing spokesperson Marc Sklar said, "We have received that license and remain in talks with Iran Air" based on the memorandum of agreement reached in June. US Treasury spokesperson Dawn Selak acknowledged her agency granted the first licenses to Airbus and Boeing. "These licenses contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity," Selak said in a statement. Iran's UN mission did not respond to a request for comment on Wednesday. State television referred to an AP report on the licenses. Iran's nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. The license approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to begin accessing one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world, home to 80 million people. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for two separate $25 billion deals. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. Out of Iran's 250 commercial planes, 162 were flying in June, while the rest were grounded due to lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists 43 airplanes in its fleet, says it has direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London. The aircraft deal also has become a political issue in an election year in the US. Some American lawmakers have criticized the Boeing deal to Iran over the Islamic Republic's "pernicious behavior," including launching ballistic missiles, firing rockets near US warships in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and briefly detaining American sailors who strayed into its territorial waters. The US presidential election could also have an effect on the sales. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to tear up the nuclear deal if elected this November. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Woman arsonist set afire 42 buses for biryani and Rs 100 Media made me feel like a murderer, terrorist after 2007 World Cup: MS Dhoni Malaysia confirms debris found in Tanzania is from MH370 Assault case: AAP leader Somnath Bharti arrested AAP MLA Somnath Bharti has been arrested by Delhi Police for assaulting AIIMS' security guard. Obama, Netanyahu meet for possibly last time President Barack Obama met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly, in what was likely to be their final meeting before Obama leaves office in January From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreiPhone 7US TreasuryUS embassyUnited Nations General AssemblyUNIran Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners 23 'genius' grants announced by MacArthur foundation US President Barack Obama set to veto 9/11 victims' bid to sue Saudis Emergency declared in US city of Charlotte after deadly police shooting Canada schools evacuated over unsubstantiated bomb threats Full text: US lawmakers introduce bill to designate Pakistan a terrorist state US portrays New York bomb suspect as jihadist who praised bin Laden U2 spy plane crash in California kills pilot, injures another Russia biggest threat to US, China second: US general 1US grants Airbus, Boeing permission to sell aircraft to Iran 223 'genius' grants announced by MacArthur foundation 3US President Barack Obama set to veto 9/11 victims' bid to sue Saudis 4Emergency declared in US city of Charlotte after deadly police shooting 5Canada schools evacuated over unsubstantiated bomb threats 6Full text: US lawmakers introduce bill to designate Pakistan a terrorist state 7US portrays New York bomb suspect as jihadist who praised bin Laden 8U2 spy plane crash in California kills pilot, injures another 9Russia biggest threat to US, China second: US general About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web New Cars | Real Estate | Cricket News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Send money to India | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Buy Mobiles | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Compare Mobile Phones | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App Trending Topics Best of Savdhaan India | Kamasutra | Beauty Care | Recipes | Facebook | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Uri Terror Attack Sunny Leone Bikini Pics How to Get Pregnant Breaking News Cauvery Water Dispute US Elections 2016 Air strikes hit aid convoy as Syria says ceasefire over Suspect in New York City bombing apprehended Pro-Putin party wins Russian parliamentary election Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Toggle navigation World Economics Editorial Culture Society Politics Travel & Cuisine New Immigrant Sports & Entertainment Environment Food Safety & Health Journal de Taiwan 漢En 登入 保持登入 忘記密碼 登入 還不是會員嗎？註冊會員 忘記密碼 E-Mail 送出 返回登入頁  | Home Politics US grants Airbus, Boeing permission to sell aircraft to Iran Airbus and Boeing have received U.S. government permission to sell aircraft to Iran following last year's nuclear accord By JON GAMBRELL, Associated Press 2016/09/22 14:42 DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) -- Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing Co. have received permission from the U.S. government to sell aircraft to Iran, part of landmark deals potentially worth some $50 billion in total following last year's nuclear accord. The announcements Wednesday came as Iranian and U.S. leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and show that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honoring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. The next administration, however, may change that equation for Airbus and Boeing, whose possible deal with Iran would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the U.S. Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control early Wednesday. Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the U.S. Treasury for the deal because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer's components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon told The Associated Press. The license announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5 million. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first license around at least $1.8 billion and possibly much higher based on list prices, though buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders. Under Boeing's deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s in a deal that Iranian officials have suggested would be worth some $25 billion in total. In a statement, Boeing spokesman Marc Sklar said, "We have received that license and remain in talks with Iran Air" based on the memorandum of agreement reached in June. U.S. Treasury spokeswoman Dawn Selak acknowledged her agency granted the first licenses to Airbus and Boeing. "These licenses contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity," Selak said in a statement. Iran's U.N. mission did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday. State television referred to an AP report on the licenses. Iran's nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. The license approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to begin accessing one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world, home to 80 million people. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for two separate $25 billion deals. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. Out of Iran's 250 commercial planes, 162 were flying in June, while the rest were grounded due to lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists 43 airplanes in its fleet, says it has direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London. The aircraft deal also has become a political issue in an election year in the U.S. Some American lawmakers have criticized the Boeing deal to Iran over the Islamic Republic's "pernicious behavior," including launching ballistic missiles, firing rockets near U.S. warships in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and briefly detaining American sailors who strayed into its territorial waters. The U.S. presidential election could also have an effect on the sales. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to tear up the nuclear deal if elected this November. ___ Online: Airbus: www.airbus.com Boeing Co.: www.boeing.com Iran Air: www.iranair.com ___ Associated Press writers Nasser Karimi in Tehran, Iran, Scott Mayerowitz in New York, Martin Crutsinger in Washington and Adam Schreck contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/jon-gambrell. ←Older Newer→ Updated : 2016-11-18 23:47 GMT+08:00 MOST POPULAR Sea of flowers festival blooms in Xinshe Street dance video testifying to passion and energy of students gains traction Pro- and anti-gay marriage demonstrators rally in Taipei Jilted Turk arrested for theft Trump wants to build luxury hotels in Taiwan’s Taoyuan: mayor Enjoy a hike along Sandiaoling Waterfall Trail Taiwan rated 'very poor' on Climate Change Performance Index Taiwan does not need a populist president Air quality in Kaohsiung, Pingtung poor: EPA 1st domestically built tram completed, unveiled to public About Us Contact Us Taiwan News © 2016 All Rights Reserved.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Transport & Tourism Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Iran-Boeing deal gives flight to future business deals Airliner to provide first jets to country since pre-1979 revolution Thu, Sep 22, 2016, 07:44 Updated: Thu, Sep 22, 2016, 07:55 US Treasury Department has granted licenses to Boeing and Airbus to deal with Iran. Photograph: iStock         Boeing has won US approval to sell its first jetliners to Iran in almost 40 years, paving the way for the biggest business transaction between the two nations since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and hostage crisis. The US Treasury Department granted licenses to Boeing and Airbus on Wednesday for the first of a flurry of aircraft orders that Iran is counting on to upgrade an aging fleet. Airbus won approval to export the first 17 jets in a $27 billion(€24 billion) transaction announced in January as economic sanctions were eased. Boeing is still finalising terms to provide as many as 109 jets to Iran Air, the Chicago-based plane-maker said in a statement. Obama defends Iran nuclear deal Iran’s supreme leader distances himself from nuclear deal Fly Leasing buys three Boeing Dreamliners “It removes some uncertainty,” Howard Rubel, an analyst at Jefferies, said of Boeing’s license. “It says that commerce is important and commerce builds bridges. It is also a pathfinder for other people that may want to do business with Iran over time.” Boeing’s last airplane deliveries to Iran consisted of 747 jumbos that arrived in 1977, two years before the revolution, according to the company’s website. The Islamic Republic’s flag carrier would add more of the iconic, humpbacked 747s, as well as 777 and upgraded 777X wide-body jets under a $17.6 billion order for 80 Boeing aircraft. The US manufacturer is also helping Iran Air line up another 29 planes from leasing companies.       Topics: Howard Rubel Treasury Department Airbus Bloomberg Boeing Iran Air Jefferies Group Iran United States Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Germany says Commission has no right to decide on its fiscal space Work Pre-meetings key to successful meetings on contentious issues International Rory Best: We need our best performance ever Ireland The top five spots in Dublin to go for a walk with the kids Sponsored Designing the F-Pace: the story of Jaguar's best-seller HR managers need a simplified approach to pensions World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Germany says Commission has no right to decide on its fiscal space 15:39 Draghi warns against giving Central Bank powers to cap mortgage rates 15:27 Belfast a step closer to securing first John Lewis store 15:06 UK housebuilders find lenders more cautious after Brexit vote 13:58 Hammond faces tricky juggling act in first autumn statement 13:49 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Ireland’s biggest landlord: ‘I feel bad for the Irish people’ 2 Public sector pay rises? We cannot afford them 3 Aviva to become full-fledged subsidiary of UK parent once again 4 ‘Punitive’ taxes may see Ireland bypassed after Brexit 5 Draghi warns against giving Central Bank powers to cap mortgage rates 6 Donald Trump victory triggers surge in jobseeking in Ireland 7 Belfast a step closer to securing first John Lewis store 8 Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs in historic shake-up 9 Donald Trump’s team reveals surprising lack of global business knowledge 10 Ardagh pushes ahead with preparations for IPO in 2017 Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 18/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US grants Airbus, Boeing permission to sell aircraft to Iran By Associated Press Published: 13:04 EST, 22 September 2016 | Updated: 13:04 EST, 22 September 2016 e-mail DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing Co. have received permission from the U.S. government to sell aircraft to Iran, part of landmark deals potentially worth some $50 billion in total following last year's nuclear accord. The announcements Wednesday came as Iranian and U.S. leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and show that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honoring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. The next administration, however, may change that equation for Airbus and Boeing, whose possible deal with Iran would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. FILE -- In this March 2, 2008 file photo, two passenger planes of Iran's national air carrier, Iran Air, are parked at the Mehrabad Airport in Tehran, Iran. Airbus announced Wednesday, Sept. 21, 2016, that the U.S. government has granted it a license allowing it to sell the first 17 planes involved in a landmark deal with Iran. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the 1979 Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. (AP Photo/Vahid Salemi, File) European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the U.S. Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control early Wednesday. Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the U.S. Treasury for the deal because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer's components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon told The Associated Press. The license announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5 million. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first license around at least $1.8 billion and possibly much higher based on list prices, though buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders. Under Boeing's deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s in a deal that Iranian officials have suggested would be worth some $25 billion in total. In a statement, Boeing spokesman Marc Sklar said, "We have received that license and remain in talks with Iran Air" based on the memorandum of agreement reached in June. The U.S. Treasury confirmed in a statement that the agency had granted the first licenses to Airbus and Boeing. "These licenses contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity," the Treasury said in the statement. Iran's English language Press TV reported Thursday that Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan said Iran expects the purchase of planes from Boeing to proceed faster than they will with France's Airbus. "This is because the structure of negotiations with Boeing is different from that of Airbus," he said. Fakhrieh Kashan said Boeing has sent the text of its contract to Iran to be studied by the Iranian authorities. He said that Boeing officials were due to travel to Tehran next week to work toward finalizing the contract. Iran's U.N. mission did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday. Iran's nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. The license approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to begin accessing one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world, home to 80 million people. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for two separate $25 billion deals. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. Out of Iran's 250 commercial planes, 162 were flying in June, while the rest were grounded due to lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists 43 airplanes in its fleet, says it has direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London. The aircraft deal also has become a political issue in an election year in the U.S. Some American lawmakers have criticized the Boeing deal to Iran over the Islamic Republic's "pernicious behavior," including launching ballistic missiles, firing rockets near U.S. warships in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and briefly detaining American sailors who strayed into its territorial waters. The U.S. presidential election could also have an effect on the sales. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to tear up the nuclear deal if elected this November. ___ Online: Airbus: www.airbus.com Boeing Co.: www.boeing.com Iran Air: www.iranair.com ___ Associated Press writers Nasser Karimi in Tehran, Iran, Scott Mayerowitz in New York, Martin Crutsinger in Washington and Adam Schreck in Dubai contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/jon-gambrell. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Industry Companies US grants Airbus, Boeing a chance to sell airplanes to Iran US grants Airbus, Boeing a chance to sell airplanes to Iran The US government granted aviation giants Airbus and Boeing permission to sell aircraft to Iran following last year's nuclear accord. By: Associated Press | Published: September 22, 2016 11:22 AM The US government granted aviation giants Airbus and Boeing permission to sell aircraft to Iran following last year’s nuclear accord. (Reuters) The US government granted aviation giants Airbus and Boeing permission to sell aircraft to Iran following last year’s nuclear accord. European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the US Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control early yesterday. Chicago-based Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. The approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to access one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world. Both companies have announced separate USD 25-billion deals to sell aircraft to airlines in the country, although analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing. The deal would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and US Embassy takeover. The announcements come as Iranian and US leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and shows that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honoring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the US Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control for the deal because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer’s components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon told The Associated Press. The license announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. Iran’s UN mission did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday. State television referred to an AP report on the sale. Iran’s nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. That’s set off a race between airplane manufacturers for the newly opened market, home to 80 million people. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros (USD 25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Pharma wholesalers, distributors seek nod to accept old notes Maharashtra BJP minister Subhash Deshmukh admits seized cash is his Demonetisation: Note ban an ill-planned move, says Akhilesh Yadav Demonetisation pushing labourers towards starvation: Gopal Rai Demonetisation: Gloom in north India's biggest bangle market Demonetisation policy: Anyone who is doing common good for the nation must be supported, says Abhishek Bachchan Compared to Oct 2015, 86.4 per cent rise in e-visa tourists last month SC directs central government committe to file report on NPAs in various banks China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay India vs England test series: England lose Alastair Cook early after India fold for 455 Demonetisation: SBI cashier dies of heart attack in Nagpur  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
GoSearch Watch Now: FOX 2 News KPLR11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us kplr11.com Menu News Pulse of St. Louis Interviews Links Watch the CW Contests Weather 67° 67° Low 59° High 66° Sat 38° 49° Sun 30° 46° Mon 40° 56° See complete forecast Boeing and Airbus get US green light to sell planes to Iran Posted 12:12 am, September 22, 2016, by CNN Wires, Updated at 12:11am, September 22, 2016 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Boeing and Airbus get US green light to sell planes to Iran Cleared for takeoff! Boeing and Airbus have been given the green light by the U.S. government to sell planes to Iran despite fierce political opposition to the deal. The Treasury Department has approved the delivery of more than 100 Boeing aircraft and 17 Airbus passenger planes, marking a key step for Iran’s foreign business dealings now that its economic sanctions are lifted. Boeing is a U.S. company headquartered in Chicago. Airbus, a European consortium, needed U.S. government approval to sell aircraft to Iran because many parts are made in the U.S. and the American authorities want to ensure the country doesn’t use the planes for military purposes. Treasury said in a statement Wednesday that the licenses “contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred.” The Treasury’s decision means Boeing has permission to deliver 80 jetliners that Iran agreed to buy in June. The license also covers 29 Boeing aircraft the company will “help Iran Air find” from leasing companies, the manufacturer said. Airbus signed a deal in January, agreeing to provide 118 planes to Iran for about $26 billion. This is among its biggest ever sales, and includes 12 A380 super jumbo jets. Airbus expects the U.S. government to approve the sale of the remaining 101 planes in the next few weeks, Airbus spokesperson Justin Dubon told CNNMoney. Iran is working to modernize a fleet that is among the oldest and most dangerous in the world. Years of sanctions left Iran’s airlines with outdated and unsafe aircraft. The sanctions were lifted after Iran agreed to curtail its nuclear program. Many sanctions against Iran still remain. For example, the U.S. continues to block companies from doing business with Iran in U.S. dollars. This has complicated the financing of these huge plane contracts, since many banks are concerned about working with Iran. Several big banks, including HSBC and BNP Paribas, were fined billions of dollars for dealing with Iran while more extensive U.S. sanctions were in place. Airbus said it believed financing wouldn’t be a problem. “There are institutions out there that could do it,” said Dubon. “There is liquidity in the market and there are several avenues [we can pursue]. Even if there’s reticence by some banks.” U.S. approval could provide welcome relief for the struggling A380 super jumbo, which cost Airbus $25 billion to develop. Sales have been disappointing and the company recently slashed its production outlook for the plane due to a lack of customers. By Alanna Petroff and Jackie Wattles Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Watch KPLR right now! Watch our newscasts from the comfort of your phone or computer 24/7. Popular Students hold unity walkout, rally over ‘culture of fear’ at SIUE Pizza delivery mystery has Maryland Heights neighborhood baffled Chesterfield police looking for suspected sunglass thieves Woman live streams herself harassing police wearing black bands in honor of fallen comrade Latest News Explosion in Canton, Illinois has ground downtown business to a halt Double shooting in Shaw neighborhood Pam Hupp’s unusual connection to cash found in murder victim’s pocket St. Louis group proposes MLS stadium west of Union Station News Boeing to unveil new T-X trainer in St. Louis News Boeing to unveil new T-X trainer in St. Louis News Samsung Galaxy Note 7 flight ban spreading worldwide News Motorist surprised over plane landing on Page Extension News FAA banning Samsung Galaxy Note 7 from all flights News Southwest flight makes emergency landing after engine fails News White House eases restrictions on Cuban cigars and rum News US sent plane with $400 million in cash to Iran News SkyWest pilot arrested after showing up drunk to Delta Connection flight, police say News Iran: Nuclear scientist executed for spying for ‘Great Satan’ U.S. News Ultra-light plane makes emergency landing News Airstrike hits Yemen hospital, kills 11, aid group says News F-35 fighters combat ready, Air Force says Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • • Copyright © 2016, KPLR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
    Home About Antiwar.com Donate Blog US Casualties Contact Latest News US Treasury Dept Issues Licenses for Airplane Sales to Iran Licenses Will Allow Boeing, Airbus to Export Passenger Planes by Jason Ditz, September 21, 2016 Print This | Share This The US Treasury Department has announced that they have issued export licenses to both Boeing and Airbus to allow them to sell certain commercial passenger planes to Iran, with officials noting they were obliged to stop blocking such sales under the P5+1 nuclear deal. This isn’t to say the deals, which both companies have already signed, are free and clear, as international banks are still feeling US pressure to block Iran from using them to transfer funds unfrozen by the nuclear deal, so paying for the planes will still be a struggle. Even beyond that hassle, which a few companies have managed to circumvent, Congress is also hoping to block the effort, with several Republican leaders accusing the sales of being for military purposes, even though the only things being sought are specifically passenger airliners. Iran’s state-owned airline has struggled for years with getting the parts to keep its obsolete fleet in the air, and several nations have banned the airliner not because of hostility toward Iran, but simply because of safety concerns. The planes are mostly old US planes bought by Iran in the 1960s. Iran is hoping to nearly fully replace the fleet with the money freed up by the P5+1 deal, but they continue to struggle with access to international banking. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz Struggling With Visibility, Iraqi Troops Shoot Anything That Moves in Mosul - November 17th, 2016 North Korea Open to Normalizing Ties If Trump Withdraws From Korean Peninsula - November 17th, 2016 Rights Group Warns of Trump's Talk of Torture, Drone Strikes - November 17th, 2016 House Votes to Forbid Civilian Aircraft Sales to Iran - November 17th, 2016 John Bolton Calls for US to Impose Regime Change on Iran - November 17th, 2016 | Print This | Share This Click here to hide comments disqus_feN63FpcdG They finally wised up? Can’t let those sales go to Russia or China. Just wait, military jet sales to Iran will be next. Advertise on Antiwar.com Jason Ditz is news editor of Antiwar.com. Struggling With Visibility, Iraqi Troops Shoot Anything That Moves in Mosul North Korea Open to Normalizing Ties If Trump Withdraws From Korean Peninsula Rights Group Warns of Trump’s Talk of Torture, Drone Strikes House Votes to Forbid Civilian Aircraft Sales to Iran Gaza Afghanistan Saudi Arabia Yemen NATO Kurdistan Israel Iran Russia Turkey UN ISIS Obama Pentagon Ukraine Pakistan Iraq Syria Libya Egypt Advertise on Antiwar.com Antiwar.com Newsletter Regional News Donate to Antiwar.com Reprint Policy Submission Guidelines Front Page Archives Search Antiwar.com Copyright © Antiwar.com 2016 Highlights Breaking News
null
null
null
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out travel Search Destinations Themes News Travel Troubles Cruising Snow Kiwi Traveller US grants Airbus, Boeing a chance to sell airplanes to Iran JON GAMBRELL Last updated 12:49, September 22 2016 CHINA DAILY The US has granted Airbus and Boeing permission to finally sell airplanes to Iran. The U.S. government granted aviation giants Airbus and Boeing permission on Wednesday to sell aircraft to Iran following last year's nuclear accord. European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the U.S. Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control early Wednesday. Chicago-based Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. The approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to access one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world. CHINA STRINGER NETWORK Both companies have announced separate US$25-billion deals to sell aircraft to airlines in Iran. Both companies have announced separate US$25-billion deals to sell aircraft to airlines in the country, although analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing. The deal would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. The announcements come as Iranian and U.S. leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and shows that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honouring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. DAMIR SAGOLJ An employee checks the engine at the A320 family final assembly line of Airbus factory in Tianjin, China. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the U.S. Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control for the deal because at least 10 per cent of the manufacturer's components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon said. The license announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. MICHAEL SPOONEYBARGER European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license on Wednesday. Iran's U.N. mission did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday. State television referred to an AP report on the sale. Ad Feedback Iran's nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. That's set off a race between airplane manufacturers for the newly opened market, home to 80 million people. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5 million. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first license around at least $1.8 billion and possibly much higher based on list prices, though buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders. Under Boeing's deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s. In a statement, Boeing spokesman Marc Sklar said "we have received that license and remain in talks with Iran Air'' based on the memorandum of agreement reach in June. The Boeing deal has been criticised by American lawmakers over Iran's "pernicious behaviour,'' including launching ballistic missiles, firing rockets near U.S. warships in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and briefly detaining American sailors who strayed into its territorial waters. The U.S. presidential election could also have an effect on the sales. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to tear up the nuclear deal if elected this November. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. Out of Iran's 250 commercial planes, 162 were flying in June, while the rest were grounded due to lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists 43 airplanes in its fleet, says it has direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London.      - AP Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next News story: Greener, cleaner flights introduced could revolutionise travel across the Asia-Pacific Travel Homepage Comments travel headlines Capital cruise visit will go ahead Air NZ's new safety video Who ordered the cockroach? Breakfast with the giraffes Rolling Stones' exhibition opens Keep calm and carry-on Blast for caravans at airshow Mammoth journey to buy a plane Thailand: Open for business Doing it like the locals do Run the world for fun Councils buy beach park Shiny Dubai from the sky Isis 'hit list' threatens Australia New hotel giant to move in Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.8 New Zealand earthquake Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Woman's acts with dog 'repulsive': judge Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui 'Tragic death' at childcare centre on Auckland's North Shore Car totalled after crashing into collapsed Kaikoura bridge Wellington landlords warned about building safety as confusion continues over CBD Traffic on SH7 expected to quadruple while SH1 is repaired The earthquake from an engineer's perspective Eyewitnesses describe terrifying scenes at Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Nelson man cooks crayfish for Kaikoura earthquake refugees Finding out how much the Earth moved during massive earthquake How are we supposed to sleep? Tenants abandon property leaving huge piles of rubbish First mass land-based support arrives in Kaikoura Earthquake: Northeast South Island coastline rose by up to two metres, GeoNet estimates Housing NZ staff evacuated, Reading Cinema car park still closed after quake 23 foods you might be saying wrong special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out travel Search Destinations Themes News Travel Troubles Cruising Snow Kiwi Traveller US grants Airbus, Boeing a chance to sell airplanes to Iran JON GAMBRELL Last updated 12:49, September 22 2016 CHINA DAILY The US has granted Airbus and Boeing permission to finally sell airplanes to Iran. The U.S. government granted aviation giants Airbus and Boeing permission on Wednesday to sell aircraft to Iran following last year's nuclear accord. European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the U.S. Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control early Wednesday. Chicago-based Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. The approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to access one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world. CHINA STRINGER NETWORK Both companies have announced separate US$25-billion deals to sell aircraft to airlines in Iran. Both companies have announced separate US$25-billion deals to sell aircraft to airlines in the country, although analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing. The deal would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. The announcements come as Iranian and U.S. leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and shows that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honouring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. DAMIR SAGOLJ An employee checks the engine at the A320 family final assembly line of Airbus factory in Tianjin, China. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the U.S. Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control for the deal because at least 10 per cent of the manufacturer's components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon said. The license announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. MICHAEL SPOONEYBARGER European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license on Wednesday. Iran's U.N. mission did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday. State television referred to an AP report on the sale. Ad Feedback Iran's nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. That's set off a race between airplane manufacturers for the newly opened market, home to 80 million people. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5 million. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first license around at least $1.8 billion and possibly much higher based on list prices, though buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders. Under Boeing's deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s. In a statement, Boeing spokesman Marc Sklar said "we have received that license and remain in talks with Iran Air'' based on the memorandum of agreement reach in June. The Boeing deal has been criticised by American lawmakers over Iran's "pernicious behaviour,'' including launching ballistic missiles, firing rockets near U.S. warships in the strategic Strait of Hormuz and briefly detaining American sailors who strayed into its territorial waters. The U.S. presidential election could also have an effect on the sales. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to tear up the nuclear deal if elected this November. Most Iranian planes were purchased before the Islamic Revolution that ousted Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and brought Islamists to power. Out of Iran's 250 commercial planes, 162 were flying in June, while the rest were grounded due to lack of spare parts. Iran Air, whose website lists 43 airplanes in its fleet, says it has direct flights to over 30 international destinations, including London.      - AP Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next News story: Greener, cleaner flights introduced could revolutionise travel across the Asia-Pacific Travel Homepage Comments travel headlines Capital cruise visit will go ahead Air NZ's new safety video Who ordered the cockroach? Breakfast with the giraffes Rolling Stones' exhibition opens Keep calm and carry-on Blast for caravans at airshow Mammoth journey to buy a plane Thailand: Open for business Doing it like the locals do Run the world for fun Councils buy beach park Shiny Dubai from the sky Isis 'hit list' threatens Australia New hotel giant to move in Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.8 New Zealand earthquake Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Woman's acts with dog 'repulsive': judge Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui 'Tragic death' at childcare centre on Auckland's North Shore Car totalled after crashing into collapsed Kaikoura bridge Wellington landlords warned about building safety as confusion continues over CBD Traffic on SH7 expected to quadruple while SH1 is repaired The earthquake from an engineer's perspective Eyewitnesses describe terrifying scenes at Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Nelson man cooks crayfish for Kaikoura earthquake refugees Finding out how much the Earth moved during massive earthquake How are we supposed to sleep? Tenants abandon property leaving huge piles of rubbish First mass land-based support arrives in Kaikoura Earthquake: Northeast South Island coastline rose by up to two metres, GeoNet estimates Housing NZ staff evacuated, Reading Cinema car park still closed after quake 23 foods you might be saying wrong special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Wolfgang Schäuble sets out tough line on Brexit Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports China’s hairy crab scandal reveals depth of pollution crisis Japan’s Abe calls Trump ‘a leader I can trust’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports Japan’s Abe calls Trump ‘a leader I can trust’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Trump looks to close Washington’s revolving door Fed chief Yellen stands by central bank independence Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read US tech groups scramble with post-election soul-searching Trump supporters call for Pepsi boycott Apple offers cure for iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ JPMorgan to pay $264m penalty for hiring ‘princelings’ UK regulator plans shake-up of fund sector Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Trump policy questions, Volkswagen slashes jobs and Britain’s metric martyrs Death of India’s big bank notes spells pain for gold and real estate US and EM investors take opposing bets on Trump’s presidency Wall Street eyes record levels as dollar hits 13-year highs The Trump trade is the dog that will bark and bark Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read India: Narendra Modi’s bonfire of the rupees Nigel Farage as envoy to Donald Trump: the go-between from hell Now Angela Merkel wears the west’s mantle Wall Street looks like a winner under Donald Trump The dangers of striking a grand bargain with Putin Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Google Home — a better virtual assistant Estée Lauder applies millennial makeover Robots muscle in on the job interview Review — ‘Working the phones’, by Jamie Woodcock Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Hannah Winterbourne, Britain’s highest ranking transgender soldier High stakes: Eli Lilly’s hunt for an Alzheimer’s drug Lunch with the FT: Ali al-Naimi on two decades as Saudi’s oil king Trump: a liberal loser responds The feel-better guide to style Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Week in Review, September 24 Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Southwest Sees 10 Max Jets in Fleet Before First Flights in 2017 Mary Schlangenstein @Schlangenstein More stories by Mary Schlangenstein September 23, 2016 — 3:02 PM EDT September 23, 2016 — 3:02 PM EDT Carrier continues discussing delivery dates with Boeing No interest now in potential Max 10 aircraft from planemaker Southwest Airlines Co. expects to take delivery of 10 of the latest version of Boeing Co.’s 737 before it begins flying the aircraft commercially next year, a consequence of the plane’s smoother-than-expected development. The airline is still discussing a delivery schedule for the Max 8 with Boeing and plans to take the planes by late August or early September of next year, Southwest Chief Operating Officer Mike Van de Ven said during a Friday interview aboard a test model of the aircraft. Boeing has said the plane will be ready to make its debut in the second quarter. The Max 8 will allow Southwest to fly farther than it can now, a benefit as the carrier begins to expand its young international operations. It also offers a fuel-efficiency improvement of about 14 percent over current models and will be the first with the Leap-1B engine built by CFM International Inc., a joint venture of General Electric Co. and France’s Safran SA. “It feels like it’s the first day of a big part of our future,” Van de Ven said as the Max stopped at Dallas Love Field during a series of test flights. “There’s just a lot of excitement at Southwest.” Launch Customer Southwest is considered the launch customer for the upgraded narrow-body jets because it placed the first order for the Max, the fastest-selling jet in Boeing’s history. But whether the low-cost carrier will be the first to fly the plane commercially is in question. The new 737 is running months ahead of schedule, a rarity for commercial jetliners. Boeing has already built the first of the 737s headed for Southwest, even though the new aircraft won’t be handed over until flight-testing concludes and the planes are certified as airworthy. The planemaker is building the Max along side current-model 737s while it prepares to speed combined output next year to 47 planes a month from the current 42. Flight Schedule Before flying the Max, Southwest has to retire its oldest planes, a process now expected to be finished in September 2017. A flight schedule being crafted over the next six months or so may allow the start of Max flights to “move up or back a little bit,” Van de Ven said. Southwest has orders for 30 of Boeing’s Max 7 aircraft, the smallest of the new 737, with deliveries starting in 2019. The carrier has no plans now to purchase a so-called Max 10, a stretched version of the largest 737 model that Boeing is considering. Possible flights across the Atlantic are “really not on the radar,” he said. “We haven’t had any serious interest in that right now,” Van de Ven said. “When we look at our opportunities going forward with the Max 7 and 8, there are 50 additional destinations we could serve and up to 500-ish airplanes over the next 20 years that we could take in that size that fit with our point-to-point network. There’s no reason for us at this point to go look for an airplane that would put us outside of what our current business model is.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Says Ford Called to Say It's Keeping SUV Plant in Kentucky Pence Tells House GOP to Get Ready for Sweeping Legislation Obama Should Pardon ‘Dreamer’ Immigrants, Democrats Say Pelosi Faces Little-Known Opponent as Democrats Rue Election Musk Says Tesla’s Solar Shingles Will Cost Less Than a Dumb Roof Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Business Home LBoard ‘We can’t stop Umno members, who belong to NGOs, taking part’ Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US US lawmakers have ‘grave concern’ over Boeing, Airbus Iran licenses Reuters | September 24, 2016 Republican Representatives Pete Roskam and Jeb Hensarling wrote to Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, which oversees sanctions, demanding more answers about any security implications of the delivery of aircraft to Iran. WASHINGTON: Senior Republican US House of Representatives lawmakers made clear on Friday they will keep campaigning against Boeing and Airbus jetliner sales to Iran, despite the Treasury Department’s announcement that it had begun issuing licenses for the exports. Republican Representatives Pete Roskam and Jeb Hensarling wrote to Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, which oversees sanctions, demanding more answers about any security implications of the delivery of aircraft to Iran. “There is little evidence indicating that Iran Air has indeed stopped transporting weapons, troops, and cash to terrorist groups and rogue regimes,” the congressmen wrote in a letter, dated Thursday, seen by Reuters. Both congressmen hold influential financial positions in the House. Hensarling is chairman of the House Financial Services Committee. Roskam is chairman of the tax-writing Ways & Means Committee’s Oversight subcommittee. Airbus and Boeing said on Wednesday they had received US Treasury approval to begin exporting over 200 jets to Iran, under a deal struck in January. The news is likely to ease complaints from Iran over implementation of last year’s international nuclear agreement, in which Tehran agreed to curtail its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the deal could cost jobs at Boeing plants, but opponents of the deal argue that security concerns are more important. The letter to Adam Szubin, acting under secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, asked for answers to several detailed questions on issues including Iran Air’s leadership, the Treasury’s ability to control transfers of aircraft or parts once they are in Iran’s hands and the nuclear pact. Foreign banks have been reluctant to finance the aircraft deals, fearing they could fall foul of remaining sanctions prohibiting the use of the US financial system for Iranian business. With US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump strongly critical of the rapprochement, some banks fear they could be left with no insurance if Iran sanctions “snap back.” Republican members of Congress unanimously opposed the nuclear agreement, seen as one of Democratic President Barack Obama’s foreign policy achievements. Arguing that Obama was more concerned with enhancing his legacy than national security, they have pushed legislation and other measures seeking to overturn or undermine the agreement. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Japan’s antitrust watchdog considers action against Apple, carriers EU drops Myanmar rights resolution, citing progress under Suu Kyi ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Police arrest Maria Chin after Bersih raid Student activist’s arrest latest in Bersih police… 7,000 cops on duty for Bersih 5 rally, roads closed Adam: I worked hard to buy a Proton Perdana at 19 Japan to remove Malaysia from reduced-tariff list Raid or no, the rally is still on, says lawyer Arrests of Red Shirts imminent, says Guan Eng Baju Merah mula berkumpul di Masjid Negara, Jamal tak muncul Bersih eve raid and arrests unjustifiable, says Suaram Red Shirts’ Jamal Yunos lauds Bersih crackdown ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB TPP ain’t over till it’s over The real work isn’t in the streets Why did the ringgit fall despite China deals? Daripada ke Mekah, Dr Mahathir pilih berjuang Punchier rebuttals needed on criticism of ‘China deal’ Penang Transport Master Plan and the issue of social justice More... FMT Bahasa Kematian Shukri membuka mata tentang derita rakyat biasa, kata Mujahid PAGE: Jangan bawa kanak-kanak ke Bersih 5 Selepas menghilangkan diri, Jamal sambut baik tindakan ke atas Bersih Bersih 5 tetap diteruskan tanpa Maria Chin ‘Tangkapan di ambang Bersih 5 akan semarakkan perhimpunan esok’ Baju Merah juga akan ditangkap, kata Guan Eng More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Breaking News World Routes helps facilitate Condor’s latest transatlantic growth Breaking down the barriers to bring low-cost success to Central and South America Will President-elect Trump’s first act in office benefit aviation? IAG boss sees place for A380 in Iberia and Aer Lingus fleets Tropic Air delivers international flights to Chetumal View All Air Astana floats new network strategy World Routes News Header Air Astana floats new network strategy Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Posted 23 September 2016 17:00 Richard Maslen Editor, Routesonline LinkedIn Twitter Follow @routesonline 5,901 followers Air Astana has proven that the right balance between managing costs and investing in reliability and efficiency can produce a profitable result, even when economic conditions in your home market have brought recent uncertainty. When Air Astana was established in 2002 as a joint venture between Kazakhstan’s Samruk Kazyna National Welfare Fund and BAE Systems, it was against a backdrop of failed carriers, poor safety records and creaking infrastructure which was managed under the remnants of a former Soviet regulatory framework.  But against all those odds, over the subsequent two decades it has brought stability, profitability and efficiency to Kazakhstan’s air transport sector. A remarkable record of annual profitability is forecasted to continue in 2016 despite the significant impact a devaluation of the local currency, the tenge has had on its operations over the past 12 months. It has posted a small loss of $6.6 million for the first half of this year, but a strong second half, a historically stronger period for the airline, will recuperate those losses and allow it to post a small profit. "Our currency tends to fluctuate with the price of oil, and that's exactly what's happening. Our currency has halved from the back end of last year," Peter Foster, president and chief executive officer, Air Astana explains during a visit to the company’s Almaty headquarters. The currency devaluation has been significant as Kazakhstan has felt the force of its reliance on the commodity sector. Supported by rising oil output and prices, Kazakhstan’s economy had grown at an average of 8% per year until 2013, before suffering a slowdown in 2014 and 2015 sparked by falling oil prices and the effects of the Ukrainian crisis on trade and visitors. The value of the tenge has fallen by more than a half and Air Astana has had to be quick to react to safeguard its future. Its annual profits slipped from $51.4 million in 2013 to $19.5 million in 2014 after the first currency devaluation but significant cost savings helped boost profitability to rise to $47.4 million last year despite what Foster describes as “extremely challenging local and regional market conditions”. A second devaluation last year has again clouded the skies, but Air Astana believes its cost structure will enable it to maintain its enviable record of posting a profit in each of its 13 full years of operation, while a prestigious Four-Star rating by Skytrax in its World Airline Awards for the past five years, the first carrier from Russia, the Commonwealth of Independent States (the CIS) and Eastern Europe to receive this recognition, helps its continued rise on the international stage. “Currency and commodity price weakness are ongoing challenges. We don’t expect great things from 2016, but with our cost base now amongst the lowest of any full service airline in the world, we expect to be well placed to take advantage when markets improve,” says Foster. Air Astana certainly offers a premium full-service concept across both its Business Class and Economy cabins but benefits from being a start-up carrier in the modern age. “We are a premium carrier, but at the same time a low-cost carrier. Our operating cost is now down to around $0.06 per ASK [available seat kilometres] which is comparable to some of Europe’s leading low-cost carriers,” says Foster. The airline currently operates a network of 65 routes serving 42 international and domestic destinations. A domestic network covering 13 cities is balanced by a growing international network across Central Asia and out into North and South East Asia, the Middle East and Europe with flights operating mainly from bases in Almaty and Astana. These markets are served by a fleet of 30 aircraft comprising Boeing 767-300ERs and 757-200s, Airbus A320 Family equipment (both A320s and A321s) and Embraer 190 regional jets. It has outstanding orders via lessors for eleven A320neo family aircraft and three 787 Dreamliners. As Kazakhstan’s economy wavers, flag carrier Air Astana has been reworking its business plans and moving away from its domestic focus to international routes. The airline is now likely to adopt more of a hub model at Astana International Airport, which serves the growing new capital of the Central Asian country and facilitate the growing connectivity needs within the Eurasia market. Working with the Airport Management Group, which is providing a renewed focus on airport infrastructure at the country’s state-controlled airports, Air Astana has helped drive the future shape of Astana International Airport to better support connecting traffic. This summer it appointed Seabury Advisory Group to complete a review of its own network and develop a flight optimisation strategy for the future. Ahead of this review, the first stage of this process may see the airline switch its Hong Kong flights from Almaty to Astana, while it also plans to relaunch flights between Astana and Kiev, a market previously flown between April 2013 and July 2014. “We are never going to be able to compete with the big players on huge markets such as London – Hong Kong or Frankfurt - Beijing, but we could take a small amount of traffic to add to our passenger loads and boost revenues. However, we can become the big player ourselves in some lesser connected markets such as to/from Urumqi in China, southern Russia or into the likes of Kyrgyzstan simply with an improved schedule offer,” says Peter Foster, president and chief executive officer, Air Astana. “But we have too many routes without a daily offer and that significantly impacts transfer demand. Seabury Group is doing a full network review looking at frequency and connectivity issues,” he adds. The route audit is due for completion in September 2016 at which time the Air Astana board will look at the findings and possibly adapt the future strategy of the airline. Our own analysis of Sabre Market Intelligence data shows that in terms of transfer traffic Astana International Airport currently acts to mainly support flows into the former capital, Almaty. In the year ending May 2016 approximately 150,000 passengers transferred between Air Astana flights at Astana International Airport with seven of the ten largest O&D markets via the facility involving links to and from Almaty. In fact only one of the ten markets connected two points outside of Kazakhstan. Over the 12 month period, flows are dominated by discount economy traffic (92.3%), although the small business flows did generate yields approximately 4.5 times the rate of that market, with the transfer traffic worth around $340 per passenger. The data shows that Almaty International Airport currently acts a stronger transfer hub for Air Astana, but capacity constraints limit development and the continued move of business services to the new capital will dilute future demand. In the 12 months to May 2016 approximately 280,000 annual passengers connected via the airport. Like Astana, traffic is dominated by discount economy traffic (93.8%) and it generates a similar base revenue of $337 per passenger. The airline’s links to Delhi and Kiev are key drivers of the transfer traffic with the Kiev – Tashkent city pair accounting for over 10,000 annual passengers. Largest Air Astana Transfer Markets (12 months to May 2016) VIA ASTANA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT (TSE) Rank City Pair Estimated Two-Way Passenger Demand 1 Kostanay (KSN) - Frankfurt (FRA) 6,743 2 Almaty (ALA) - London (LHR) 5,753 3 Almaty (ALA) - Frankfurt (FRA) 5,498 4 Almaty (ALA) - Ekaterinburg (SVX) 5,364 5 Almaty (ALA) - Kostanay (KSN) 4,175 6 Pavlodar (PWQ) - Frankfurt (FRA) 4,096 7 Almaty (ALA) - Novosibirsk (OVB) 3,755 8 Istanbul (IST) - Urumqi (URC) 3,709 9 Almaty (ALA) - Moscow (SVO) 3,311 10 Almaty (ALA) - Omsk (OMS) 3,293 VIA ALMATY INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT (ALA) Rank City Pair Estimated Two-Way Passenger Demand 1 Kiev (KBP) - Tashkent (TAS) 10,055 2 Bishkek (FRU) - Seoul (ICN) 6,941 3 Kiev (KBP) - Delhi (DEL) 5,728 4 Moscow (SVO) - Delhi (DEL) 5,469 5 Shimkent (CIT) - Istanbul (IST) 4,853 6 Kiev (KBP) - Beijing (PEK) 4,744 7 Istanbul (IST) - Urumqi (URC) 4,509 8 Astana (TSE) - Delhi (DEL) 4,251 9 Aktyubinsk (AKX) - Beijing (PEK) 3,992 10 Shimkent (CIT) - St Petersburg (LED) 3,747 Source: Sabre AirVision Market Intelligence The airline takes a relatively conservative approach to network development and while there have been some tweaks to its flight schedules this year and some additional frequencies into some markets, including a fourth weekly rotation to London Heathrow, only one brand new destination has been added to the Air Astana route map. This is the Republic of Iran’s capital, Tehran, which from June 30, 2016 has been served on a three times weekly basis from Almaty using Embraer 190 equipment configured with 9 Business Class and 88 Economy seats. Tehran was originally one of two new destinations planned by Air Astana for 2016, but its growth plans have been hit by regulatory red tape.  After announcing last year plans to introduce a link between Astana and Ulaanbaatar, the capital of Mongolia, from March 2016 and latterly from June 2016, the carrier has had to cancel the launch until at least 2017 after the Civil Aviation Authority of Mongolia (CAAM) revoked its permission to serve this international route. Foster explains that the regulators actions are “ungrounded” after the company successfully completed an audit by CCAM earlier this year and was informed that there were ‘zero findings’. “The Air Services Agreement stipulates the specific three grounds based on which Mongolia could possibly revoke the permission of a Kazakh designated carrier and none of these apply to Air Astana,” he says. “I’ve never known a situation like this before in all my years in the industry.” However, CAAM has retained its strong stance and claims that the Kazakh carrier had not taken the full steps to acquire the certified safety approval along with appropriate permissions for landing slots and tariffs. After CAAM had initially granted permission to start flights on the route Air Astana had already opened reservations for the Astana – Ulaanbaatar route and Foster confirms that it secured more 3,500 bookings, many planning to connect in Astana from its European routes. Air Astana’s own network growth is being supported by an increasing number of partnerships and codeshare agreements are in place with among others Austrian Airlines (to Vienna), Etihad Airways (to Abu Dhabi) and most recently Air India (to New Delhi) and Air France-KLM (to Amsterdam and Paris). The future direction of the airline’s network strategy will ultimately be dictated by the findings of a current Seabury Advisory Group route audit, but discussions have already occurred for planned expansion over the remainder of the decade, including possible growth across Asia, the Indian sub-continent and even into North America. It appears that World Routes host city Chengdu is the most likely destination to join Beijing and Urumqi in its mainland China network from 2017, but Shanghai is also under consideration.  The airline has been exploring flights to the fast expanding Chinese secondary city for a number of years and a deal to serve Shuangliu International Airport could be formalised at this year’s air service development forum. Singapore and Tokyo are also markets under consideration for future expansion across Asia. The Indian sub-continent also offers strong potential for Air Astana, especially to support a likely push for additional transfer traffic across Russia, the CIS and Central Asia. “We have a strategic geographical advantage and the Indian sub-continent is a definite opportunity for us,” says Foster. There are already a large number of traders from India heading to Tbilisi, Georgia, using Almaty as a transit point – many of these currently fly via Moscow and some even to London, according to the Air Astana boss. “We are seriously looking at Islamabad because it is a good market for us and geography is in our favour,” adds Foster, noting Pakistan and Bangladesh both have a big movement of people to the CIS and Russia and “hold vast opportunities” for the carrier. Looking further ahead to the arrival of the first of the airline’s Boeing 787-8s in 2019 and there is the potential for direct flights from Astana to points in the United States. Air Astana was originally due to receive its three Dreamliners in 2017 but deferred delivery until the end of the decade amid concerns that the devaluation of the Kazakhstani tenge would dampen demand. Foster confirms that these aircraft will arrive in 2019 (two aircraft) and 2021 and remain tentatively ear-marked to launch flights to New York, although any future middle-of-market project from Boeing could lead to a revised avenue for development. The airline’s 767-300ER fleet are among the last aircraft off the production line and with reconditioned Pratt & Whitney PW4000 engines and winglets already provide good operational efficiency on routes into Europe. This means that it does not have any immediate requirement to replace these widebodies with new equipment. It is a different story for the airline’s 757-200 fleet though and with Boeing slow to confirm any new middle-of-market option, Air Astana has turned to Airbus to replace its five-strong 757-200 fleet and retain commonality with the new A320neo Family airliners that will serve its short- and medium-haul routes. The airline’s 757s are older than the carrier itself and have been in service for between 17 and 21 years having originally flown with German leisure airline LTU, US operator American Trans Air and China Xinjiang Airlines in North Asia. They will be replaced by four A321neoLRs from 2019 as Air Astana becomes one of the first operators of the new variant, which is designed to offer the longest range of any single-aisle aircraft. “In terms of product, in terms of range, in terms of operating cost efficiency, these aircraft are going to take Air Astana to a new level. These aircraft will allow us to operate almost all of our network: domestic, regional and also our long-haul services to Europe and Asia with one common family of aircraft,” says Foster. In fact the A321neoLR will be able to directly replace the 757 on all but one of its routes, offering exactly the same seating configuration (16 lie-flat Business Class and 150 Economy seats), but providing significant cost savings and enhanced operational efficiency. The 757s are currently mainly used on scheduled flights to Antalya, Bangkok, Frankfurt, Ho Chi Minh City, Hong Kong, Kuala Lumpur, London, Paris and Seoul and Urumqi. “We can use the new aircraft on all our current routes with the exception of Almaty – Kuala Lumpur which is beyond the range of the aircraft,” says Richard Ledger, vice president worldwide sales, Air Astana. “We will likely grow fully to the 767-300ER in this market.” The next big fleet decision for the airline will be the replacement of its Embraer 190 fleet. Although the type has only served with the carrier for five years, the first examples will be coming off lease in 2019. The new ‘E2’ modernised version of the airliner is certainly a favourite, but Foster acknowledges that you can’t discount the Bombardier CSeries. “We have to consider the CSeries now that the Delta Air Lines order has guaranteed the programme and it is now a real aeroplane,” he says. Air Astana expects to appoint advisory investment bankers by February 2017 to support a shareholder goal to complete a public listing in 2018. The proposed dual-listing Initial Public Offering (IPO) will dilute the shares of both Samruk-Kazyna, Kazakhstan’s sovereign wealth fund (51%) and BAE Systems (49%). "We're hoping to do a public listing of the company somewhere between March and October of 2018, and that has to be a dual listing,” says Peter Foster, president and chief executive officer, Air Astana. “By law, there has to be a listing in Kazakhstan, but since the domestic market is illiquid, there will be a concurrent secondary listing in either London, Hong Kong or Singapore. London is more likely since it is quite well geared up to handle investment in this part of the world.” The Kazakhstan government is looking to privatise several national companies to balance the resource-rich nation’s budget deficit caused by the sharp plunge in oil and gas prices, which has stalled Kazakhstan’s economic growth. Local rules require entities seeking public listing to maintain the majority of their shareholding in Kazakhstan and means that 51% of the airline has to remain in Kazakhstani hands, though not necessarily held by the government. "We think that it's likely that BAE would want to realise some value out of their shareholding. By the time the IPO happens, the shareholders would've been holding for 16 years," adds Foster. The former Cathay Pacific, Philippine Airlines, Qatar Airways and Royal Brunei Airlines executive said it is too early to confirm the proposed fund-raising target of the IPO but suggested that between 30% and 50% of the airline’s equity could be made available through the process. What is certain is that the second half of this year will see the continued evolution of the Air Astana offer and brand. The first of its A320neos will arrive from September 2016 (deliberately delayed from May 2016 due to the new airliner’s engine performance issues), a new onboard Wi-Fi system will be rolled-out on the 767 fleet and even a revision to the airline’s corporate brand and livery is in the pipeline. This article is modified from an original feature that appeared in... ROUTES NEWS - ISSUE 6, 2016  PLEASE CLICK HERE to view the magazine. Register for Routes Asia 2017 in Okinawa, Japan, 19 - 21 March 2017 The Fundamentals of Route Development This essential download gives you all you need to get started with air service development. Based on the ASM training course by the same name, the exclusive guide explains the three rules of route development and presentation advice when pitching to potential partners. Download White Paper Share Article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print About The Author... Richard Maslen Editor, Routesonline Richard leads the Routesonline community delivering content every day via our Airlineroute schedules blog and through regular features and analysis on latest developments and trends within the sector. With almost 20 years in the industry working for a number of aviation publications he brings the team a wealth of experience and insight. Questions? Leave a comment below or send him a tweet! Comments Related Organisations View View Related Topics Air Astana Astana International Airport Routes Update Almaty International Airport Routes News Kazakhstan (Republic of) Tourist... Asia Kazakhstan, Ministry of Tourism and... Related Stories Kazakhstan's Asian hub foundation Posted 18 August 2016 12:00 Kazakhstan Expands Visa-Free Travel Program Posted 17 July 2015 10:00 Air Astana Plans Paris and Prague Growth after Removal of EU Safety Restriction Posted 15 April 2014 10:50 Air Astana Becomes First Airline to Sign-up for A321neoLR Posted 17 June 2015 12:10 Air Astana S14 Operation Changes as of 10JAN14 Posted 10 January 2014 05:20 Air Astana to Launch Astana – London Heathrow from late-October 2013 Posted 20 September 2013 07:20 All Related Stories Top Stories Emirates reveals new A380 interior for ultra-long-haul routes Posted 16 November 2016 02:00 United Arab Emirates (UAE) carrier Emirates Airlines has confirmed it has adopted a new 516-seat configuration for future Airbus A380... Read more Lufthansa S17 European routes additions Posted 16 November 2016 17:15 Lufthansa today (16NOV16) announced a number of European routes additions for summer 2017 season, which will be gradually introduced in March and... Read more AerLingus adds new European destinations in S17 Posted 16 November 2016 06:00 AerLingus in summer 2017 season is adding two new European service from Dublin, including the offering of Porto in Portugal, and Split in Croatia.... Read more Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Careers Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2016 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
Fri, Nov 18, 2016 | Updated 09.09 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government IDC Herzliya signs MoU with SP Jain technology school for cybersecurity training No proposal for action against COAI over non-participation in Trai meet Global LED technology expo to be held in Delhi during December 2-4 Electric vehicle startup GMW helping companies make faster product deliveries IITs eye core sectors like finance, technology for this year's placements FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Batteries' fire hazards go beyond smartphones Samsung's Note 7 isn't the only gadget to catch fire thanks to lithium-battery problems, which have afflicted everything from iPhones to Tesla cars to Boeing jetliners.AP | Sep 23, 2016, 05.51 PM IST NEW YORK: Samsung's Note 7 isn't the only gadget to catch fire thanks to lithium-battery problems, which have afflicted everything from iPhones to Tesla cars to Boeing jetliners. Blame chemistry and the fact that the batteries we rely on for everyday life are prone to leaking and even bursting into flame if damaged, defective or exposed to excessive heat. That's because lithium-ion batteries store a lot of energy in a tiny space, with combustible components separated by ultra-thin walls. If something happens to those separators, a chemical reaction can quickly escalate out of control. Samsung hasn't specified exactly what caused the fires that led to the recall of 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7s beyond calling it a "battery cell issue." Still, lithium batteries are so ubiquitous that ordinary users of phones and computers shouldn't worry. Research suggests that you're more likely to get hurt by a kitchen grease fire or a drunk driver than the battery powering your iPhone, Kindle or laptop. Here's a look at other notable incidents when lithium batteries by themselves or in electronics have caused problems. On airplanes There have been dozens of aircraft fires caused by lithium batteries, so many that the batteries are no longer welcome as cargo on passenger flights. In one of the most recent incidents, a Fiji Airways Boeing 737 was preparing for takeoff from Melbourne, Australia, when smoke was discovered coming from the cargo bay. The plane was evacuated and the cargo unloaded. The source of the fire turned out to be lithium-ion batteries in a passenger's checked bags. Hoverboards and e-cigarettes are banned from flights for the same reason. Tesla In August, a Tesla electric car caught fire during a promotional tour in southwest France. Tesla said in a statement that it is "working with the authorities to establish the facts'' about the fire. The driver was quoted in local newspaper SudOuest as saying he answered a Facebook ad offering test drives of the Model S sedan. The driver said he saw smoke, and the three people aboard got out before seeing it catch fire. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Airtel to offer 10GB data for Rs 259 across India Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win WhatsApp starts rolling out video-calling feature Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Trai recommends Rs 3,050 crore penalty on Airtel, Vodafone, Idea for not providing interconnect to Reliance Jio Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers Apple sends out invites for October 27 event 'hello again', hints at new MacBooks and more WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users Round 3 of Flipkart, Amazon ‘big sale’ announced Samsung Galaxy Note series use banned on flights: DGCA Samsung Note 2 catches fire on flight to Chennai, DGCA asks flyers to be careful with all Samsung Note devices Sony unit, Dalian Wanda tie-up for Chinese market HC asks TRAI, if WhatsApp can be regulated Jayalalithaa announces Amma Wi-Fi Zone BlueStacks gets Facebook Live integration 132 account information, 42 deletion requests from India: Twitter Apple may face action in Japan, here's why Hong Kong securities regulator planning fintech project: Sources 1Batteries' fire hazards go beyond smartphones 2Samsung Galaxy Note series use banned on flights: DGCA 3Samsung Note 2 catches fire on flight to Chennai, DGCA asks flyers to be careful with all Samsung Note devices 4Sony unit, Dalian Wanda tie-up for Chinese market 5HC asks TRAI, if WhatsApp can be regulated 6Jayalalithaa announces Amma Wi-Fi Zone 7BlueStacks gets Facebook Live integration 8132 account information, 42 deletion requests from India: Twitter 9Apple may face action in Japan, here's why 10Hong Kong securities regulator planning fintech project: Sources GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G ZTE CYMBAL-T Meizu Pro 6S Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Lenovo P2 32 GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Credit Suisse Remains Cautious on Boeing By Paul Ausick September 23, 2016 7:40 am EST Print Email Tweet Whether Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) can do something to slow the decline in orders for its wide-body aircraft is, at this point, anybody’s guess. The company guided full-year orders for all its commercial planes at 535, with wide-body orders totaling 215. So far this year, the company has booked 357 orders, of which 301 are for the narrow-body 737. Analysts at Credit Suisse are not particularly impressed, and while they believe that “the next several years are still a robust cash harvest for Boeing,” they also see some problems. On Thursday the analysts reiterated their Neutral rating on the stock and maintained their price target at $148 per share, an upside of 12.2% to the most recent closing price of $131.87. Credit Suisse does not see a higher target unless Boeing addresses the production rate for its 777 family. Here is their reasoning: Assuming this [777 production rate decision] occurs with Q3 results, the removal of this overhang, along with a decent dividend hike (15-20%) following the mid-Dec. board meeting, could drive some traction in the shares toward [our target price]. This could take a little longer if BA waits until Q4 results to cut 777 further. While an Iranian 777 order could mitigate a potential cut, it is unlikely to be large enough to fully negate it. We’ve noted before that Boeing is having trouble selling the 777 Classic and plans to reduce production from 8.3 per month to 7.0 per month early next year with an eye to reducing the rate to 5.5 per month in 2018. In July the president of Boeing’s commercial division said that orders for the 777 Classic are “pretty solid” through the third quarter of 2017. At a production rate of seven per month, the 777 Classic backlog of 170 will last two years, but that leaves Boeing with no backlog until the 777X is in production beginning in 2020. The 777-300ER carries a list price of $339.6 million and trails only the 747 as the most expensive plane currently available from Boeing. A 777-9X sells for a cool $400 million, and is the most expensive plane in the lineup. For a company that promotes its cash flow as a primary measure of its success, these planes are very important. Here’s Credit Suisse’s take: Last week at an investor conference, Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg acknowledged that if the company is not successful at garnering additional 777 orders in the next few months, the 777 production plan will need to adjust downwards, which we expect to occur. The current delivery plan (from May) between now and 2019 requires ~80 new orders with BA hoping for 40-50 777s per year to sustain the current build plan, which is 7/mth in 2017 and 5.5/mth in 2018/19 as 777X blanks feather into the production system. “Blanks” is Boeing’s term for empty slots in a production line. Credit Suisse has not uncovered anything particularly new here, but the analysts are calling on Boeing to be both more realistic and more forthcoming about the company’s plans for 777 production. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Tesla Appoints Chief Accounting Officer With Solar Experience These 5 Sin Stocks Have Solid Upside Potential and Pay Big Dividends » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Analyst Downgrades, featured, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities With the Highest Poverty Rates America's Poorest Cities 50 Worst Cities to Live In The Worst Companies to Work For The Richest Town in Every State Recent Impinj Gears Up for Secondary Offering Citigroup, Apple No Longer ‘Forever’ Holdings of Saudi Prince Ardagh Registers for IPO Cotiviti Files for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The Election Has Hurt Online Retail Sales Why Total Oil Is Investing in Iran Is Pfizer Rethinking a Company Spin-Off? U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October DryShips' stock was up 64% prior to volatility trading halt DryShips' stock halted for volatility Finance Stocks' Q3 Earnings Early Next Week: PNNT, EV, PKY Microsoft Continues to Bank on Renewables for Datacenters Applied Materials (AMAT) Q4 Earnings and Revenues Beat A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60 percent stake in TerraForm Power Fiat Chrysler Teams up with Amazon to Sell Cars Online U.S. Stocks Open Flat As Strong Dollar Limits Gains Dollar Charges To 14-Year High, Bond Tantrum In Full Swing How To Know When To Dial Your Confidence Up—Or Down Trump Falsely Claims He Stopped Ford From Leaving Kentucky For Mexico Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics ANF AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Lockheed Martin Corporation: LMT Stock Is the King of Defense This major defense player is continuing its dominance at a perfect time. By , NavellierGrowth.com  |  Sep 23, 2016, 6:00 am EST     Popular Posts: 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 A-Rated Cheap Stocks to Buy for Rapid-Fire Growth 7 Fantastic Stocks That No One Talks About Recent Posts: Metlife Inc (MET) Is Starting Its Run Buy This Top Chipmaker Before Thursday (AMAT) These 119 Big-Name Stocks Are on the Move View All Posts Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is the biggest pure play by market cap in the defense sector. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) is the only one larger, but it has significant aerospace (international space station, satellites, etc) and commercial business (commercial jets, which represent half of the fleet of commercial jets worldwide), so it’s not a direct comparison. Source: Praveer Sharma via Flickr Of the major players, Lockheed Martin has been extremely successful in becoming a major player in air, sea and land systems. Most defense firms usually have a specialty or two — like missile defense or ships — but LMT builds it all. And if you listen to the major presidential candidates, they are both more than enthusiastic about increasing defense spending and rebuilding out forces since Afghanistan and Iraq. LMT Stock Has a Solid Future Ahead Lockheed Martin makes the state of the art F-35 fighter; the new generation of the U.S. Navy fleet — called littoral combat ships, or LCS — as well as all the parts and service contracts to support them. It also recently bought legendary helicopter maker Sikorsky from United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) and is one of top stakeholders in the helicopter and vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) systems. 10 Stocks That Should Be in Your Portfolio Right Now In fact, helicopters are becoming a very compelling area of the defense market. Now Sikorsky has access to LMT’s legendary Skunk Works team. This Lockheed Martin team works on advanced projects that are far outside the box. Skunk Works is credited with designing the U-2 spy plane, the SR-71 Blackbird spy plane, as well as stealth technology. And thanks to Skunk Works, Lockheed Martin is currently involved in a number of interesting projects beyond its new helicopter division. Recently, it was awarded a $147 million contract for its new hypersonic plane from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Administration. DARPA is like Skunk Works for the entire U.S. defense sector. This new program is called the Tactical Boost Glide Program. The thing that makes the plane so unique is the fact that LMT has developed a new engine that can reach speeds up to Mach 6 (6x the speed of sound) and flies at ultra-high altitudes, which means it can cover massive amounts of the globe on a single mission. Lockheed Martin also has a new breakthrough VTOL system called ARES, which is short for Aerial Reconfigurable Embedded System. Basically it’s a VTOL system that can be attached to trucks, equipment, almost anything and then it can be flown from one point to the other. Improvised explosive devices make travel in many conflict areas treacherous for convoys trying to supply forward bases with troops, food, medicine, water and fuel. Being able to avoid hazardous roads and deliver directly to the forward bases would be a huge advantage. Year-to-date LMT stock is up 13% and it will be one of the first defense stocks to take off when the herd begins to stampede into defense again. But you still have time to get in before the herd. And Lockheed Martin’s 2.7% rock-solid dividend is a nice payment for your patience. Louis Navellier is a renowned growth investor. He is the editor of five investing newsletters: Blue Chip Growth, Emerging Growth, Ultimate Growth, Family Trust and Platinum Growth. His most popular service, Blue Chip Growth, has a track record of beating the market 3:1 over the last 14 years. He uses a combination of quantitative and fundamental analysis to identify market-beating stocks. Mr. Navellier has made his proven formula accessible to investors via his free, online stock rating tool, PortfolioGrader.com. Louis Navellier may hold some of the aforementioned securities in one or more of his newsletters. More From InvestorPlace 8 International Stocks Priced to Beat the U.S. The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/09/lockheed-martin-lmt-king-defense/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Investors Should Buy From the Scrap Heap Abercrombie & Fitch Is Beyond All Hope 10 Pharma Stocks That Are Prescribed Under Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains Is the Trump Boost Over for BAC Stock? Why MacBook Pro Fans Are Angry (Again) Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Don’t Give up on Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Just Yet! Most Popular Most Commented The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You Apple Inc. (AAPL) Angers New MacBook Pro Fans Yet Again Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
RSS KOREAN JAPANESE CHINESE ABOUT US all national northkorea international eco/business culture/sports editorial/opinion [Photo] Korean Air and Boeing agree to develop unmanned, armed helicopters Posted on : Sep.23,2016 17:54 KST Modified on : Sep.23,2016 17:54 KST Print 0 Korean Air chairman Cho Yang-ho poses with Boeing chairman Dennis Mullenberg at a signing ceremony for a memorandum of agreement (MOA) to jointly develop 500 MD unmanned helicopters, at Korean Air headquarters in Seoul on Sept. 21. Between 2014 and May of this year, Korean Air remodelled the ROK Air Force’s decommissioned 500MB helicopters into unmanned helicopters, and plans to complete this project by 2017. Boeing will provide technical support in the areas of flight control and testing, and the two companies will engage in joint marketing. © 2012 The Hankyoreh Media Company. All rights reserved. No part of this material may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, mimeographical, in recorded form or otherwise for commercial use, without the permission of the Hankyoreh Media Company. 0 [Editorial] The importance of a political roadmap for Pres. Park’s departure [Editorial] By stubbornly remaining in office, Pres. Park is leading the country to a tragic ending [Editorial] Shady ties between Samsung and Choi Sun-sil are gradually coming to light [Editorial] The failing Park administration’s suspect efforts to push through GSOMIA [Photo] Small cinema opens near the DMZ Sign up for Hankyoreh’s newsletter service, Hankyoreh Highlights. Enter your email address to receive updates regularly. Privacy Policies Northeast Asian regional politics North Korea’s nuclear program The Kim Jong-un regime The Park Geun-hye government Copyright © The Hankyoreh. All rights reserved.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Companies NYSE:BA Boeing welcomes WTO ruling on EU subsidies to Airbus Decision paves the way for US to seek $10bn in annual retaliatory tariffs on EU imports, Boeing says. By Karthick Arvinth September 23, 2016 07:34 BST Close Embed Feed Boeing 777X: Everything you need to know about the world's biggest passenger airliner IBTimes UK <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/18153" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> Boeing has welcomed the World Trade Organization's ruling that rival Airbus received unfair state subsidies from European governments. The American aerospace giant said the decision paves the way for the US to seek up to $10bn (£7.7bn) in annual retaliatory tariffs on imports from the European Union. In a report released on 22 September, the WTO said the EU had failed to comply with an earlier ruling in 2011 to halt billions of dollars of subsidised financing to France-based Airbus. It added that the launch of Airbus's most recent jet, the A350, had been aided by state funds. The US responded to the ruling by demanding an immediate halt to EU subsidies to protect American jobs, while Airbus said it would appeal against the decision. "Today's historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules," Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg said in a statement. "This long-awaited decision is a victory for fair trade worldwide and for US aerospace workers, in particular." Airbus and Boeing have accused each other of receiving unfair state subsidiesReuters The WTO is yet to rule on an EU complaint that the US offered billions of dollars in tax breaks to Boeing. "This report is a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers," US Trade Representative office's Michael Froman said. "We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves." The USTR alleged that Airbus had received $22bn in subsidised financing from the EU along with Germany, France, the UK and Spain. "We expect the EU, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, and Spain – some of our closest trading partners – to respect WTO rules. We call on them to end subsidized financing of Airbus immediately," Froman added. "We will not tolerate our trading partners ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers and their families." More from IBTimes UK Scandal-hit US bank Wells Fargo is fined by regulators and humiliated by senators Apple infringed Nokia and Sony's ring-silencing patent for the iPhone says court Former Tesco executives plead 'not guilty' over £326m fraud charges Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close President Obama and President-elect Donald Trump meet for first time Columnists Laura Bates “Hillary Clinton had an inspiring message - but would you look at her make-up! READ MORE Tesco warns suppliers against unjustified price rises Tesco CEO Dave Lewis says consumers should not be forced to pay 'inflated prices' due to exchange rate volatility. MPs want government to halve air passenger tax British government generates £3bn a year from air passenger tax but MPs claim it could hurt business links. Brexit backers attack 'nonsensical' Barack Obama over latest EU intervention Conservative MEP David Campbell Bannerman told IBTimes UK there is no transparency over TTIP. Bill Gates backs India's demonetisation move Microsoft founder says demonetisation will accelerate India's shift towards a digitised economy. IBT Media to host Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event The Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2 March 2017 at the Barbican. R3 hosts the Second Smart Contract Templates Summit IBTimes speaks to Todd McDonald from R3, Dr Lee Braine from Barclays, and Sean Murphy from Norton Rose Fulbright. Equibit to begin beta testing blockchain-based OTC securities platform EDC has completed its Supernode installation and partnered with data centre giant Equinix. Factom gets Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation grant to secure medical records on the blockchain Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation funding is set to fill an urgent need in developing nations. IoD predicts UK will slash corporation tax to 15% because of Donald Trump Top business body told IBTimes UK that Western economies will follow the White House's lead. Volkswagen set to cut 30,000 jobs at its VW brand by 2021 Europe's largest car-maker will cut 23,000 jobs at its German plant to fund a shift towards electric cars. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Europe Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Boeing, US welcome WTO report slamming EU’s Airbus loans  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World›Europe AVIATI0N CNBC CNBC Boeing, US welcome WTO report slamming EU’s Airbus loans Airbus received nearly US$22 billion in subsidised financing from the EU and European countries, according to US trade representatives PUBLISHED : Friday, 23 September, 2016, 12:02pm UPDATED : Friday, 23 September, 2016, 12:02pm Comments:   CNBC Share PrintEmail Related topics CNBC Airbus Related Articles Leaders & Founders SpaceX wants to launch 4,425 satellites into space to bring super-fast internet to the world 18 Nov 2016 Tech Google’s US$1.25 billion investment for the UK helps tech sector shake off its post-Brexit anxiety 18 Nov 2016 Hong Kong Hong Kong has second most expensive street in the world 17 Nov 2016 The US government and Boeing have welcomed a World Trade Organisation (WTO) report that revealed how the European Union (EU) failed to stop unfair government subsidies to French plane-maker Airbus despite previous rulings by the global trade body. The WTO also found Airbus received new illegal subsidies for the A350, which are reported to be nearly US$5 billion. In 2011, the WTO outlined specific steps for the EU to withdraw government financial support for Airbus, which included subsidy programmes, that European states claimed were “launch aid” for the plane-maker to bring its products to market. Not only did the EU ignore the 2011 measures, the regional bloc further breached rules by granting over US$4 billion in new subsidised financing for the Airbus A350 XWB, the US Trade Representatives’ (USTR) office declared in a statement on Thursday. In total, Airbus has received nearly US$22 billion in subsidised financing from the EU as well as Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Spain, the USTR claimed. “This report is a sweeping victory for the US and its aerospace workers,” the USTR’s Michael Froman said in a statement. “We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves.” For over a decade, Washington and the EU have fought over the issue of subsidies, with the latter asserting that Illinois-based Boeing benefited from billions in US tax breaks. Airbus pledged to appeal Thursday’s decision while European officials hinted of an appeal as well, Reuters reported. “The historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules,” said Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg in a statement on Thursday. Thursday’s decision sets the stage for the US to seek up to US$10 billion in annual retaliatory tariffs on EU imports, Boeing noted. The WTO is expected to rule on the EU’s case against Boeing early next year, according to Reuters. In its statement, Boeing stressed that the Airbus case was independent of EU’s accusations against Boeing, claiming that the cases were “separate and distinct.” —Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Hong Kong lawmaker Lau Siu-lai wins one legal challenge, but faces yet another 2 Syringe used to spike chocolate drink at Hong Kong convenience store 3 South Korea’s umbrella movement? How protests against Park Geun-hye exposed cracks in a ‘slave’ democracy 4 Chinese government rebukes US over comments on Hong Kong removal of legislators-elect 5 Hong Kong localist radicals played into Beijing’s hands, democracy leader Martin Lee says Shared 1 South Korea’s umbrella movement? How protests against Park Geun-hye exposed cracks in a ‘slave’ democracy 2 Syringe used to spike chocolate drink at Hong Kong convenience store 3 Chinese government rebukes US over comments on Hong Kong removal of legislators-elect 4 Lawyer who helped draft Basic Law says Beijing interpretation has destroyed ‘one country, two systems’ 5 Touchdown for Chinese astronauts after record space mission Commented 1 Hong Kong localist radicals played into Beijing’s hands, democracy leader Martin Lee says 2 Hong Kong in the grip of a power struggle over oath-taking saga 3 Japan’s PM Abe has ‘great confidence’ in Trump, after president-elect’s first meeting with foreign leader 4 Hong Kong lawmaker Lau Siu-lai wins one legal challenge, but faces yet another 5 Touchdown for Chinese astronauts after record space mission Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like China More doubts cast over Chinese scientist’s claim of gene editing tool ‘breakthrough’ 17 Nov 2016 - 10:21pm 1 Dazzling festivals throughout December: Macau’s seasonal delights to light up the city In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong Chinese government rebukes US over comments on Hong Kong removal of legislators-elect 17 Nov 2016 - 11:45pm 88 Mission Hills: Profits for the Family, for the People, for the Nation Presented by: Credit Suisse China Trump expected to welcome Chinese investment in US, despite threatening tough tariffs on country’s products 16 Nov 2016 - 8:43am 5 Game changes in Hong Kong’s Legislative Council after ban of two localist lawmakers 17 Nov 2016 - 11:15am 67 Hong Kong Joseph Lau slams ‘greedy’ ex-girlfriend in video interview, confirms he wrote newspaper statement about breakup 16 Nov 2016 - 9:11pm 12 Hong Kong Dream of owning a home is over for most young Hong Kong people 15 Nov 2016 - 11:29pm 43 Offbeat The ‘mannequin challenge’ is the latest social media craze Nov 17th 2016, 3:37pm China Booming e-businesses amid tight censorship ... can China have it both ways with the internet? 15 Nov 2016 - 11:28pm 6 Hong Kong HK$14m revamp of Hong Kong Star Ferry looks to make waves with sofas, glass roof and diesel-electric generator 15 Nov 2016 - 10:36pm 7 Hong Kong Hong Kong’s foreign domestic helpers to be protected by new rule on window cleaning in early 2017 14 Nov 2016 - 11:50pm 10 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Trade Boeing, US welcome WTO report on European Union's Airbus loans CNBC.com staff | @CNBC Thursday, 22 Sep 2016 | 11:22 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES The U.S. government and Boeing have welcomed a World Trade Organization (WTO) report that revealed how the European Union (EU) failed to stop unfair government subsidies to French plane-maker Airbus despite previous rulings by the global trade body. The WTO also found Airbus received new illegal subsidies for the A350, which are reported to be nearly $5 billion. In 2011, the WTO outlined specific steps for the EU to withdraw government financial support for Airbus, which included subsidy programs, that European states claimed were "launch aid" for the plane-maker to bring its products to market. Not only did the EU ignore the 2011 measures, the regional bloc further breached rules by granting over $4 billion in new subsidized financing for the Airbus A350 XWB, the U.S. Trade Representative's (USTR) office declared in a statement on Thursday. Airbus An Airbus ACJ319 in a hangar. In total, Airbus has received nearly $22 billion in subsidized financing from the EU as well as Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Spain, the USTR claimed. "This report is a sweeping victory for the U.S. and its aerospace workers," the USTR's Michael Froman said in a statement. "We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves." For over a decade, Washington and the EU have fought over the issue of subsidies, with the latter asserting that Illinois-based Boeing benefited from billions in U.S. tax breaks. Airbus pledged to appeal Thursday's decision while European officials hinted of an appeal as well, Reuters reported. "The historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules," said Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg in a statement on Thursday. Thursday's decision sets the stage for the U.S. to seek up to $10 billion in annual retaliatory tariffs on EU imports, Boeing noted. The WTO is expected to rule on the EU's case against Boeing early next year, according to Reuters. In its statement, Boeing stressed that the Airbus case was independent of EU's accusations against Boeing, claiming that the cases were "separate and distinct." —Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. CNBC.com staff Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Benito Baeza Bill Colley Colley’s Commentary Top Story Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Glenn Beck Dave Ramsey Leo Laporte Coast to Coast AM Listen Listen Live Schedule Mobile App Loyal Listener Club Sign Up Contests Contest Rules Winners VIP Support Win Stuff Win $10,000! Win A $500 Visa Gift Card Win A $300 Airline Gift Card Contest Rules News Magic Valley News Idaho & Regional National & World Bill Colley’s Commentary Political Entertainment Sports Twin Falls Events Community Event Submissions Weather School Closures Weather Alerts Contact Us Submit A News Tip Feedback Employment Help & Contact Info Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Trending: Win $10,000 Cash! Drive Means Drive Colley’s Commentary School Closures Local News Weather Who Won? Airplanes Bound for Salt Lake Grounded at Twin Falls By Andrew Weeks September 22, 2016 6:01 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter TWIN FALLS, Idaho (KLIX) – Three Delta passenger airplanes headed to Salt Lake City were diverted to Twin Falls late this afternoon due to thunderstorms. A 39-year-old woman on one of the planes, a Boeing 757, was taken to the hospital because she had become lightheaded and dizzy, said Bill Carberry, manager of Magic Valley Regional Airport. Twin Falls Fire Department and Magic Valley Paramedics responded to the woman. The three planes – two Boeing 737s and one Boeing 757 – landed at around 4:40 p.m. Each plane was bound for Salt Lake City, Carberry said, but due to bad weather in Utah the planes needed to divert. The planes had been refueled, and at a little before 6 p.m. the 757 was preparing for takeoff, he said. Filed Under: magic valley regional airport | Twin Falls Category: Magic Valley News | Twin Falls News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live News Radio 1310 KLIX on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: News Radio 1310's Daily Deal $25 Worth of Window Tinting From Tint Lady Buy This Deal Now EEO Public File Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Twin Falls Business Listings Welcome back to Loyal Listener Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Loyal Listener Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newsradio1310.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Loyal Listener Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Loyal Listener Club brought to you by: Sign up for Loyal Listener Club Register Now Sign up for Loyal Listener Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Loyal Listener Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Loyal Listener Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Loyal Listener Club brought to you by: News Radio 1310 KLIX Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
null
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing Wins WTO Subsidy Case — Now Can the US Collect? By Paul Ausick September 22, 2016 1:05 pm EST Print Email Tweet The rivalry between Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and its European nemesis Airbus Group has roots running back more than two decades. The latest blow was struck Thursday when the World Trade Organization (WTO) issued a ruling that Boeing says will allow the United States to impose retaliatory tariffs totaling as much as $10 billion on European aircraft imports. The short version of the never-ending story: In 1992 the United States and the European Union (EU) had agreed to a set of rules governing subsidies to aircraft makers. In 2004, the U.S. pulled out of the agreement and both sides filed complaints with the WTO. The U.S. complained about subsidies to the A380 program and the EU complained about subsidies for the 787. The WTO found that the two sides had acted legally some of the time and illegally some of the time. Each side appealed any ruling that went against it. According to Boeing’s announcement, the WTO has ruled that the EU “has failed to comply with its obligation to remedy the massive subsidies European governments have provided to create and sustain Airbus for more than 40 years.” The total due, according to Boeing, is about $22 billion, including $17 billion in past subsidies and $5 billion to subsidize the launch of the A380 superjumbo passenger jet. The Seattle Times reports that the WTO found that the illegal aid to Airbus cost Boeing 50 lost orders on the 787 and 777 aircraft, 54 orders for the 747 jumbo jet and 71 orders for the 737. Boeing cited the WTO ruling: The WTO previously found that essentially no model of the entire Airbus fleet would exist today – including the A300, A310, A320, A330, A340 and A380 – were it not for the illegal subsidies provided by the European governments. Airbus, the EU or both are expected to appeal the ruling. In late 2014 the EU filed a complaint with the WTO related to $8.7 billion in incentives granted to Boeing by the state of Washington to convince the company to do final assembly on the new 777X and to build the composite wing for the plane in the state. The EU claims that the extension of the subsidies from the original date termination date of 2024 to 2040 is “inconsistent” with WTO rules because the subsidies “require the beneficiary to use domestic goods rather than imported ones.” Boeing’s general counsel, J. Michael Luttig, said that the WTO cases brought by the two combatants are separate: The EU lost this compliance case for the simple reason that it did nothing to remedy its massive subsidies which have had profound effects on the commercial airplane market. Whatever happens in the European cases against the United States, launch aid and other illegal government support for Airbus will now come to an end. Luttig may be right, but don’t count on it. Neither side will ever give up trying to gain an edge on the other. Boeing’s stock traded up about 0.8% in the early afternoon Thursday, at $131.60 in a 52-week range of $102.10 to $150.59. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Lennar Moves to Acquire WCI Communities FHFA Home Price Index Ticked Higher in July » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, International Markets, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities With the Highest Poverty Rates America's Poorest Cities 50 Worst Cities to Live In The Worst Companies to Work For The Richest Town in Every State Recent Impinj Gears Up for Secondary Offering Citigroup, Apple No Longer ‘Forever’ Holdings of Saudi Prince Ardagh Registers for IPO Cotiviti Files for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The Election Has Hurt Online Retail Sales Why Total Oil Is Investing in Iran Is Pfizer Rethinking a Company Spin-Off? U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October DryShips' stock was up 64% prior to volatility trading halt DryShips' stock halted for volatility Finance Stocks' Q3 Earnings Early Next Week: PNNT, EV, PKY Microsoft Continues to Bank on Renewables for Datacenters Applied Materials (AMAT) Q4 Earnings and Revenues Beat A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60 percent stake in TerraForm Power Fiat Chrysler Teams up with Amazon to Sell Cars Online U.S. Stocks Open Flat As Strong Dollar Limits Gains Dollar Charges To 14-Year High, Bond Tantrum In Full Swing How To Know When To Dial Your Confidence Up—Or Down Trump Falsely Claims He Stopped Ford From Leaving Kentucky For Mexico Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper FINANCE CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper FINANCE Daily Sabah > Business > Finance Close US grants Airbus, Boeing permission to sell aircraft to Iran ASSOCIATED PRESS DUBAI Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing Co. have received permission from the U.S. government to sell aircraft to Iran, part of landmark deals potentially worth some $50 billion in total following last year's nuclear accord. The announcements Wednesday came as Iranian and U.S. leaders are in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and show that the outgoing administration of President Barack Obama is honoring the economic terms of the nuclear pact. The next administration, however, may change that equation for Airbus and Boeing, whose possible deal with Iran would be the biggest for an American company since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the U.S. Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control early Wednesday. Boeing followed with its own announcement later in the day. Though based abroad, Airbus needed the approval of the U.S. Treasury for the deal because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer's components are of American origin. Airbus applied for two licenses to cover its deal with Iran to ensure the fast delivery of some of the aircraft, Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon told The Associated Press. The license announced Wednesday covers the first 17 planes involved in the deal, which will be A320s and A330s, he said. Dubon said Airbus hoped to receive a second license allowing it to sell the remaining planes to Iran soon. In January, national carrier Iran Air signed agreements to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). On Sunday, state TV reported that Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, a deputy transportation minister, said Iran would cut the number of Airbus planes to 112. Base model A320s are listed at an average of $98 million, while A330s start at $231.5 million. That puts the value of the approved 17 aircraft in the first license around at least $1.8 billion and possibly much higher based on list prices, though buyers typically negotiate sizable discounts for bulk orders.Under Boeing's deal, Iran Air will buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s in a deal that Iranian officials have suggested would be worth some $25 billion in total. Iran's nuclear deal with world powers, which limits its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions, specifically allowed for the purchase of aircraft and parts. The license approval clears the way for the two plane manufacturers to begin accessing one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world, home to 80 million people. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for two separate $25 billion deals. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Finance Global airlines are expected to post record profits of almost $40... Next in Finance The U.S. Federal Reserve's decision to hold rates as well as its signals... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Turkish markets up, lira rises against dollar post Fed decision BoJ tweaks policy, raises Asian stocks Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad Trade war breaks out between US and the EU over 'illegal' payouts to Airbus By Rupert Steiner for the Daily Mail Published: 16:56 EST, 22 September 2016 | Updated: 16:56 EST, 22 September 2016 e-mail 24 shares 18 View comments A bitter trade war has broken out between America and the EU over billions of pounds paid in subsidies to the world's biggest plane makers. The World Trade Organisation (WTO) has ruled that the European Union failed to stop paying illegal subsidies to Airbus in what has become the biggest trade dispute in history. This prompted Washington to call for an immediate halt and claimed it was damaging jobs in the US. Dispute: An Airbus assembly line in Toulouse, France. The firm has been accused of receiving illegal subsidies from the EU The ruling is the latest in a 12-year spat. The WTO said the EU had failed to comply with earlier rulings to rein in billions of dollars in subsidies in the form of loans to Airbus. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Eon pays out £3.1m after it failed to compensate customers... SEVEN million households face energy bill shock by not... Reckitt Benckiser's £23m boss says sorry for 100 chemical... Hong Kong's richest man bids £11 billion for National... Trust me, I won't go a penny over budget on Hinkley:... Share this article Share 24 shares But the WTO is also expected to rule against the US in coming months, saying it failed to sufficiently address concerns about subsidies benefiting Boeing. It ruled that the EU failed to comply with all but two of 36 earlier rulings to cut back subsidies that European governments gave Airbus. However, it rejected US claims that it fell into the most serious category of 'prohibited' aid. Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing chairman, said: 'Today's ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules. 'This long-awaited decision is a victory for fair trade worldwide and for US aerospace workers in particular.' Boeing also said that it could lead to America slapping annual tariffs on EU imports worth £8billion in what could spark a fresh trade war. This comes at a crucial time when international trade deals are on a knife edge because of Britain's decision to leave the EU.  It will also cast a shadow over stuttering efforts by the EU and US to negotiate a wider free-trade deal. US trade representative Michael Froman claimed the panel's finding was 'a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers'. In response, the EU said: 'There are certain findings of the panel that we consider to be unsatisfactory.' Both the EU and the US have the right to appeal against the ruling. Deals Of The Week Exclusive: Up to £20k managed free for a year Online investing £100 cash and 3% on up to £1,500 Classic Plus 30 months 0% interest Purchase card £100 to sign-up & £250 free overdraft First Account Use DM100 to get £100 off Online estate agent   Share or comment on this article e-mail 24 shares First of legendary Jaguar XKSS's is reborn after six decades... How much would you cough up for coffee? Cheapest and most... If you hit an elk in Finland it's illegal not to tell the... Interactive map shows England's happiest places to live:... Stationery seller Staples is latest retail chain to vanish... Who is 'wealthy' in the UK? Middle-aged married men with a... This is Money named Financial Website of the Year, as judges... Meet the inventor of a £149 do-it-yourself computer that... Santander limits cashback for 123 credit cardholders to £9... Former market traders who started out flogging cut-price... SIMON LAMBERT: Will President Trump mean interest rates... DAILY BRIEFING: Office supply store Staples is latest... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Forums Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing No annual fees and trade for £8 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades Cheap share-dealing 0.24% admin fee, £2.50 share dealing Low annual charge 0.2% funds fee and £4.95 dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?         Like This Is Money Follow @thisismoney     DON'T MISS This is Money named Financial Website of the Year Judges at the highly-regarded Santander Media Awards praise the 'consumer champion'. Oxford, Cambridge and Richmond-upon-Thames are the most 'vibrant' towns, research claims Interactive map shows England's happiest places to live. Meet the inventor of a £149 do-it-yourself computer that claims to be as easy and fun as Lego His firm Kano is set to be UK's next tech star. Wine prices will have to go up due to pound's Brexit plonk, warns Majestic boss Rowan Gormley says he will try to protect customers. Ten top tips to get more from your spending: How to save money and get rewarded Sponsored The top 10 places in Britain where house hunters would most like to live with prices starting at £170,000 (and London doesn't feature) Will President Trump mean interest rates finally rise? The Trumpflation trade believes so... SIMON LAMBERT. Santander limits cashback for 123 credit cardholders to £9 per month and ramps up interest charges Banks could be ordered to clamp down on buy-to-let mortgages under sweeping new powers being handed to regulators Cheapest and most expensive cities in the world to get your caffeine fix revealed How much would you cough up for coffee? Why do so many people avoid thinking about their pension? How to get help taking that next step Sponsored National Savings & Investments now top for income and cash Isas Banks and building societies slash rates. Call to rescue young buyers as homes for sale fall to 40-year low Brexit, stamp duty and buy-to-let tax hike leave just 44 properties on average estate agent's books . Thomson won't give back the £438 I lost when its website crashed as I was booking a holiday ASK TONY. MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Investors on solid ground after flotation of engineering services firm Van Elle MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Chapel Down shares mature well as wine production doubles MIDAS SHARE TIPS: US deal poised to give household insurance firm HomeServe a flood of clients MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Profits at convenience store McColl's to soar once Co-op sale is approved MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Lightbulb moment helps newly-listed Luceco shine MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Play safe and take some profit after palm oil firm MP Evans rejects £360m bid MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Bar group serves up a mean cocktail but City wants a Revolution MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Canny property veterans watch income soar by 57% at Palace Capital MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Why cutting edge Spire Healthcare deserves a 'buy' treatment MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: After a year of paper losses, shares in gas group CNR now show a 28% gain         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS JO HAMBRO CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES: Cash-rich global fund that's (cautiously) cleaning up MARLBOROUGH EUROPEAN MULTI-CAP: It's all about the stocks, NOT the big picture for top Euro fund boss ASHBURTON INDIA EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES: How India-based funds are revving up returns for investors MOMENTUM FACTOR 5 FUND: The investment where inflation spells good news JPMORGAN AMERICAN INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Trump or Clinton? We're more worried about interest rates' EVENLODE INCOME: How two Wise men turned £1m into £1bn in just seven years CHARTERIS GOLD & PRECIOUS METALS: Fund delivers a 12-month return of 179% as gold prices rise THREADNEEDLE UK PROPERTY: Fund re-opens after post-Brexit alarm subsides HERMES GLOBAL EMERGING MARKETS: Growth before location, that's the drill for emerging markets JUPITER ABSOLUTE RETURN: If a firm's in the soup we'll short it, says boss James Clunie MONKS INVESTMENT TRUST: 'I'm disappointed' says fund boss who made 29% profit in a year AURORA INVESTMENT TRUST: Will Aurora see a brighter dawn as Mars is left behind? INTERNATIONAL BIOTECHNOLOGY TRUST: Doctor, analyst... and grand master at the biotech 'slow game of chess' EDINBURGH DRAGON TRUST: Investment trust roars back with 40% gain in six months         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Ferrari and McLaren you must buy as a pair   Clampdown on rip-off pension exit fees   Amazon: Watch the Grand Tour for less   Fix your mortgage NOW? Brokers sound alarm   Why you should invest in Europe   What will President Trump mean for your finances? Latest from Markets SMALL CAP MOVERS: High-tech investor Robert Keith takes a strong interest in Blur Group FTSE LIVE: Footsie stays weak as miners fall with commodity prices on dollar lift from rate hike hope Fuller's pub and hotel profits grow but beer and cider sales slump Jimmy Choo sees revenues grow as sales are boosted by tourists taking advantage of the weaker pound Nationwide profits slip 13% as low interest rate environment grips UK's biggest building society HS2 tracks WILL be made with British steel: Relief for 4,000 workers after boost from Transport Secretary Wine prices will have to go up due to pound's Brexit plonk, warns Majestic boss DAILY BRIEFING: Office supply store Staples is latest retailer to disappear from the High Street MARKET REPORT: Jet2 shares soar by 8% as it carries 2.5m passengers and records a 36% increase in package holiday customers Sacked Rio Tinto mining boss to take legal action over alleged £8.4m bung to a middleman in west Africa MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Personal Finance Tech Market Data Industry News My Screeners U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 12 mins S&P 500 2,182.37 -4.75 (-0.22%) Dow 30 18,871.70 -32.12 (-0.17%) Boeing still studying larger 737 Max 10 to enter service after 2019 By Conor Humphries ReutersSeptember 22, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share Invited guests for the world premiere of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner are reflected in the fuselage of the aircraft at the 787 assembly plant in Everett, Washington, in this July 8, 2007 file photo. REUTERS/Robert Sorbo/FilesMore By Conor Humphries Seattle (Reuters) - Boeing Co <BA.N> is still studying whether to build a larger version of its best-selling 737 aircraft to counter runaway sales by rival Airbus <AIR.PA> of a large version of its competing plane, a senior executive said. The company has not made a decision yet to build the larger jet, dubbed the 737 MAX 10, said Michael Teal, vice president and chief project engineer of the 737 MAX program. "We're looking at various alternatives ... different varieties of engines, fuselage length," Teal said in an interview at Boeing's 737 production facility in Renton, Washington on Tuesday evening. "It is being studied and it's just a determination if we find the right solution for the customer and the timing and how much change we would have to do to make that work," he said. The Airbus <AIR.PA> A321neo can hold up to 240 passengers, compared with a maximum of 220 on the planned 737 MAX 9. The MAX 10 would be developed after its other MAX variants. It would enter service after the smallest version, the MAX 7, comes out in 2019, Teal said. Boeing is studying a wide range of options for the larger planes, including using the engines designed for a single-aisle plane being developed by China's COMAC. Boeing already has decided to enlarge the MAX 7, adding 12 seats. The MAX 7 will have a range of around 3,500 to 3,600 nautical miles, longer than the MAX 8, he said. Flight testing of the initial 737 MAX 8 planes is on schedule and expected to conclude late this year or early next year, allowing the first 737 MAXs to go to customers in 2017. "We're gonna meet that [deadline]," Teal said. "It's going pretty well. All four [test] airplanes are flying." Boeing has already built 10 MAX planes and the 11th is in production now. The company is building the 787 MAX 8 first, with delivery in 2017, followed by the MAX 9 in 2018 and the MAX 7 in 2019. Teal said he didn't have concerns about supply chain problems as 737 production rates increase and the Max comes into service. Most of its 737 production in 2017 will be 737 NG (next generation) models, making more MAX models by the end of 2018, he said. (Writing by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Airbus to announce jetliner sale to Japan's Peach Aviation -sources Reuters Yellen: I'm not stepping down until my term is done CNBC 5 signs you're emotionally intelligent — even if it doesn't feel like it Business Insider Why Trump scares GM and Ford Yahoo Finance 3 No-Brainer Stocks to Buy for Retirement Kiplinger.com A Public-Private Path for Trump's Infrastructure Plan Bloomberg Video From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance Tech insiders weigh in on how Peter Thiel could shape Donald Trump's tech policy Yahoo Finance DIVIDED AMERICA: Easy retirement? Only for a privileged few Associated Press Subaru just gave a glimpse at the future of its business with this striking new SUV Business Insider Vietnam expanding South China Sea runway: U.S. think tank Reuters BlackRock's Rieder Sees Fed 'Ready to Go' in December Bloomberg Video Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance 'It was arrogance' — Clinton staffers explain how she lost key battleground states Business Insider IT'S OFFICIAL: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging Yahoo Finance Will Donald Trump send the marijuana industry up in smoke? Yahoo Finance Trump Transition Watch John: Wow! This is great! So excited about the possible great changes coming to our country. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k Janus' Gross says Trump will be one-termer, in failure for populism Reuters Senator Thune talks trade, immigration and politics CNBC Videos All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance 5 things NOT to buy at Lowe’s and Home Depot MarketWatch Apple is exploring making iPhones in the US — 'the cost will more than double' Business Insider Donald Trump will inherit a robust economy Yahoo Finance Donald Trump Walks Back His Stance On Obamacare IBTimes Senate point-person on telecom reacts to AT&T/TimeWarner... CNBC Videos Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance Yellen: Repealing Dodd-Frank would increase odds of another financial crisis Yahoo Finance Salesforce soars on big earnings beat Business Insider Trump has said he does not want to take a salary, but he may have to Business Insider Saudi Aramco Will Reveal Just How Much Oil Saudi Arabia Has Investopedia GOP Leader reacts to Bannon appointment CNBC Videos Record lows in US bonds are signalling a reckoning with stocks Yahoo Finance Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
null
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News / Security Industry Japan wins State Dept. approval for KC-46A acquisition By Richard Tomkins   |   Sept. 22, 2016 at 1:22 PM Follow @upi Comments Sign up for our Security newsletter WASHINGTON, Sept. 22 (UPI) -- Japan is seeking to buy four Boeing KC-46A aerial refueling tankers from the United States through the U.S. Foreign Military Sales program. The proposed sale, which has been approved by the U.S. State Department, would be worth $1.9 billion. "The proposed sale increases Japan's capability to participate in Pacific region security operations and improves Japan's national security posture as a key U.S. ally," The U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency said in its notification to Congress. "This proposed sale will provide Japan a needed capability to a close ally and support U.S. security interests in the region." The agency, which manages the FMS program, said the proposed sales package to Japan would include related equipment, training, and support. The new Boeing KC-46 Pegasus will be introduced into service in 2018 with the U.S. Air Force. It will have a 65,000-pound payload, a maximum transfer fuel payload of 207,672 pounds, a cruise speed of 530 miles per hour, and a range of 6,385 miles. Each aircraft will be delivered to Japan with GPS capability and defensive systems installed and will include Raytheon's ALR-69A radar warning receiver, Raytheon's miniaturized airborne GPS receiver, a large aircraft infrared counter-measures system, and other specialized gear. The principal contractors on the sale would be Boeing, supported by Raytheon and Northrop Grumman. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories USS Bonhomme Richard test-fires Sea Sparrow missile Lockheed gets $395 million GPS III Space Vehicle contract modification Raytheon receives $254 million Joint Precision Approach and Landing System contract Saab receives $38 million U.S. Navy radar contract Comments Recommended KC-46A Pegasus receives Milestone C approval Recommended Second KC-46A tanker in first test flight Latest Headlines Armenian president: We had to buy Iskander-M missiles from Russia 1 hour ago Yerevan had to buy Iskander-M short-range ballistic missiles system to balance the volatile situation in the Caucasus, Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said. DARPA funding second Tern test vehicle 1 hour ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- DARPA has begun funding a second demonstration vehicle to support the third phase of Tern, a joint project with ONR and Northrop Grumman. Spain receives first Airbus A400M transport 1 hour ago MADRID, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Airbus Defense and Space has delivered the first of 27 Spanish-made A400M airlifters to the Spanish air force. Damen modifying patrol boats for Jamaica 1 hour ago GORINCHEM, Netherlands, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Damen Shipyards Group of the Netherlands reports it is currently modifying two patrol boats it has sold to the Jamaica Defense Force. Rheinmetall to supply combat training technology for African country 18 hours ago BERLIN, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Rheinmetall has received a contract to modernize and expand a live combat training facility from a country in the Middle East-North Africa region. Officials announce missile cooperation between U.K., France 19 hours ago PARIS, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Government officials from Britain and France have agreed to cooperate further on missile defense development. South Korea to buy Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasures from U.S. 21 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- The U.S. State Department has approved a proposed foreign military sale of Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasure systems to South Korea. State Dept. approves sale of 26 Predator B drones to U.K. 23 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- The U.S. State Department has approved the proposed $1 billion sale of 26 Predator B unmanned aircraft and supporting equipment to Britain. U.S. Army contracts Leidos for Saturn Arch sustainment 1 day ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- The U.S. Army has awarded Leidos a $71 million contract modification to continue sustainment and integration operations for the Saturn Arch in Afghanistan. NSA gives Type1 certification to Harris radio 1 day ago ROCHESTER, N.Y., Nov. 17 (UPI) -- The manpack AN/PRC-117G radio by Harris Corporation has received Type-1 certification from the National Security Agency. Trending Stories Domino's tests drone delivery of pizza in New Zealand Top 10 most dangerous toys list includes Warcraft Doomhammer, Nerf gun Texas' Wolfcamp shale reserve may be largest ever assessed in U.S. China's first aircraft carrier 'combat ready' OPEC, Yellen give oil prices a lift UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds subscribe Site Archive Sue Carol Gammell Thursday Sep 22, 2016 at 9:56 AM Family submittted Sue Carol Gammell (Webb), 69, went home to our Lord after a long struggle with Dementia on September 19, 2016 at home with her family by her side. She was born on September 21, 1946 in Brawly, CA to Carrol H. and Dorothy O. Webb.   She married John Gammell in September 1995 together (both remarried) they had 5 children between them.   Sue worked numerous jobs, but the job she enjoyed the most was working for Boeing as a Quality Control Inspector in the Seattle, WA area.  She retired from Boeing in 1994 and moved to Ridgecrest, where she met John.   Sue mainly enjoyed volunteering.  She volunteered as a Girl Scouts Leader, Secretary and Treasure for the Norwood, OK Volunteer Fire Department, collecting winter clothing for the homeless, the Navy-Marine Corps Relief Society, NAWS, China Lake and the most enjoyable was volunteering at WACOM Thrift Shop, NAWS, China Lake for 15 years. Sue’s greatest passion was crafting, including quilting, oil painting, making Barbie doll clothes, and scrapbooking.   Sue is survived by her mother Dorothy Webb, husband John Gammell, brother Richard Webb, daughters Darla Scott-Doser and Jamie Scott, stepdaughters Maria Nieves and Monica Bonham, and stepson Matthew Gammell and twelve grandchildren: Abbigail, Savannah, Ashley, Travis, Melissa, Eddie, Alyssa, Madison, Mason, Mia, Sophia, and Lily. A memorial service will be held at the All Faith Chapel, NAWS, China Lake on October 1, 2016 at 1:00 PM, followed by a reception lin the east wing. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services E-Edition RSS Feeds Contact Us Market Place Classifieds Shopping Mall Community Info Ridgecrest Chamber of Commerce City of Ridgecrest Ridgecrest Area Convention and Visitors Bureau Sister Publications The Gridley Herald Taft Midway Driller Siskiyou Daily News Rocketeer2.com Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ridgecrest Daily Independent - Ridgecrest, CA ~ 224 E. Ridgecrest Blvd., Ridgecrest, CA 93556 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obits Special Xmas Lights Contest Paint It Pink Tab Red Ribbon Tab 2016 Veteran's Day 2016 Paws & Claws Keepsake 2016 Remembering 9-11 2016 Back to School 2016 East Kern II 2016 East Kern IV 2016 Explorer Guide Map 2016 Green Earth 2016 High Desert Medical Directory More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Contests Branded Content 2016 Perspective Your news Legal Notices Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Marketplace Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
skip to main content Connects You To Jazz, Blues and NPR News Site Menu Donate Menu On The Air Playlist Schedule Listening Options News Arts Business Education Environment Food Law Politics Science Other News Jazz & Blues Jazz Blues Studio Sessions Jazz Northwest Jazz Caliente The New Cool School Of Jazz Jazz Night In America Jazz24 Ticket Giveaways Features BirdNote Food For Thought Going Places I Wonder Why ... ? Sound Effect Sports With Art Thiel Weather With Cliff Mass Quirksee Calendar View Upcoming Events Submit An Event Support Ways To Give Become A Sponsor Sponsor Spotlight Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube About About KNKX KNKX Staff Contact Us Search Menu On The Air Playlist Schedule Listening Options News Arts Business Education Environment Food Law Politics Science Other News Jazz & Blues Jazz Blues Studio Sessions Jazz Northwest Jazz Caliente The New Cool School Of Jazz Jazz Night In America Jazz24 Ticket Giveaways Features BirdNote Food For Thought Going Places I Wonder Why ... ? Sound Effect Sports With Art Thiel Weather With Cliff Mass Quirksee Calendar View Upcoming Events Submit An Event Support Ways To Give Become A Sponsor Sponsor Spotlight Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube About About KNKX KNKX Staff Contact Us Search Listen Live KNKX News & Jazz Jazz24 US, Boeing Claim Wins In Dispute With EU Over Aerospace Subsidies By Associated Press, KNKX Public Radio & Simone Alicea • Sep 22, 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Workers assemble a Boeing 787 at the company's production line in Everett. The Obama administration argued the EU had provided billions of dollars more in subsidies, causing lost exports worth tens of billions of dollars for Boeing. Ashley Gross / KPLU The Obama administration says it has won an important victory in a World Trade Organization dispute with the European Union over subsidies to airplane manufacturer Airbus. The WTO found in June 2011 that the EU provided billions of dollars in subsidized financing to Airbus. The EU subsequently claimed to have come into compliance, but the United States disagreed and requested that a compliance panel intervene. The Obama administration says the panel has confirmed the U.S. was correct. Plus, it says the panel found that the EU had provided billions of dollars more in subsidies, causing lost exports worth tens of billions of dollars for Boeing Co. U.S. Senator Patty Murray says the ruling is important to Washington state. “I’m proud to join the effort to fight back on behalf of our workers and our families, the Washington economy, and the integrity of our international partnerships is at stake,” she said. Boeing Chairman, President and CEO Dennis A. Muilenburg, also celebrated the panel’s findings. ”Today's historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules. This long-awaited decision is a victory for fair trade worldwide and for U.S. aerospace workers, in particular,” he said in a company statement. Boeing, meanwhile, is looking toward the future and what might come next, saying the ruling now sets the stage for the U.S. to seek up to $10 billion in annual retaliatory tariffs on imports coming in from the EU. Tags:  Boeing European Union Airbus TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2016 KNKX Listening Options Contact Calendar Sponsorship
null
Elections White House Nation Cartoons Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Sign In Newsletters Subscribe Subscriber Services Politics All Politics Congress White House Elections Nation All Nation Courts & Crime Economy National Security Cartoons About Us National September 22, 2016 12:06 PM WTO ruling is big win for Boeing, Washington state aerospace workers Bob Edme AP i By Rob Hotakainen rhotakainen@mcclatchydc.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON In a big win for Boeing and Washington state’s aerospace workers, the World Trade Organization on Thursday ruled that the European Union provided $22 billion in illegal subsidies to Airbus. U.S Trade Representative Michael Froman declared the ruling a “sweeping victory.” And Washington state Democratic Sen. Maria Cantwell said it should help Boeing “win more sales around the world.” “This is the largest trade ruling from WTO in history - and they have sided with U.S. manufacturers,” Cantwell said. This is the largest trade ruling from WTO in history --- and they have sided with U.S. manufacturers. Washington state Democratic Sen. Maria Cantwell The WTO said the illegal subsidized financing came from the EU and four of its members: Germany, France, the UK and Spain, causing tens of billions of dollars in lost U.S. exports. The WTO said the illegal subsidized financing came from the EU and four of its members: Germany, France, the UK and Spain, causing tens of billions of dollars in lost U.S. exports. “We will not tolerate our trading partners ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers and their families,” Froman said. Republican Rep. Dave Reichert of Washington state, who heads the House Ways and Means Trade Subcommittee, said the ruling is “a huge victory for the United States and the over 260,000 workers employed by the aerospace industry in my home state of Washington.” Rob Hotakainen: 202-383-6154, @HotakainenRob Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days? Pause 4:02 2016 Election Day by the numbers 2:37 Trump White House: Who's in and who's out? 2:28 Biden on Pence transition meeting: "No administration is ready on day one" 0:57 Speaker Paul Ryan describes 'draining the swamp' 3:14 Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken 1:02 Christmas Comes Early to Guantánamo 1:08 Life after the Olympics 2:50 Downsizing detainee operations at U.S. Navy Base at Guantánamo Bay 1:17 Clinton supporters left shocked after stunning defeat Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 23 days ago Newborn babies bundled in Cleveland Indians gear for World Series 1:58 23 days ago Newborn babies bundled in Cleveland Indians gear for World Series 6:46 a month ago Austin Police report on an officer involved shooting 2:27 24 days ago Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life View more video National Trump supporter cites internment camps as precedent for Muslim registry on Fox News Democrats could win Texas by 2024 if current trends continue Kanye West: If I had voted, it would have been for Trump Navy sending a new commander to run President Trump’s Guantánamo prison Jury set to begin deliberating in Venezuelan ‘first nephews’ drug case Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Advertise With Us Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Advertise With Us More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service

Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Political Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor About Us Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big One Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Court approves release of O.C. jail deputies' notes Abused as a kid, Alex Jaso is trying to save the home that saved him Boermeester family went from UCLA fans to getting their kicks for USC Mike Fafaul and his long, improbable journey to UCLA Angels' Mike Trout wins 2016 American League MVP Ryan Kesler's hot hand lifts Ducks over Devils, 3-2 Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Meet the characters and beasts of 'Fantastic Beasts' Top news Opinion For our nation's veterans, we are doing better than ever Sept. 22, 2016 Updated 9:35 a.m. 1 of 1 A Marine pitches in to help roll up the a flag from the ground zero and the World Trade Center attacks at the conclusion of the Veteran's Day parade in New York, Thursday, Nov. 11, 2010. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens) STF By FRANK TALARICO JR. / Contributing writer Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF A Marine pitches in to help roll up the a flag from the ground zero and the World Trade Center attacks at the conclusion of the Veteran's Day parade in New York, Thursday, Nov. 11, 2010. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens) STF When the Vietnam generation of servicemen and women came home, our nation failed them. We let divisions over an unpopular war undermine public recognition of their service. And in a hurry to put a divisive issue behind us, we turned a blind eye to the lasting scars of combat – often unseen – borne by many of these heroes. For the 9/11 generation, we have managed to avoid many of these mistakes. Americans from all walks of life are quick to recognize and thank our veterans for their service. Our military and civilian leaders have committed substantial resources to re-entry and transition support. And many employers have developed a new appreciation for the ways military experience and skills developed during service overseas can translate into workplace success. Boeing, for example, employs more than 20,000 veterans who relish the chance to “continue their service” at a company working on our national defense.Although we are doing better, we still have far to go. Even with these efforts, veterans are three times more likely to be unemployed than civilians. Almost two-thirds of post-9/11 veterans report adjustment challenges after returning home and nearly half say they do not know where to get help. The unprecedented length of our current conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq have only exacerbated these problems – veterans with repeated and extended deployments under their belt are further removed from their pre-war job skills and the lengthy, multiple rotations that have become so common take an extraordinary toll. Goodwill of Orange County is committed to helping our veterans thrive as they reenter civilian society, rejoin the workforce and understand the many resources available to them. We have the Goodwill Tierney Center for Veteran Services. It’s a holistic approach to serving our vets with a one-stop-shop that will connect them and their families with all the resources they need. As a hub for streamlining services, the center connects veterans to public and private resources to help with job placement, financial literacy, stable housing, counseling and wellness services, and health care and benefits. The Goodwill Tierney Center has hired a dedicated team, many of them vets themselves, to take each veteran case by case and shepherd them and their families to the right community partners, from start to finish. A leaflet or website listing available services is simply no substitute for a direct – often blunt – talk with someone who gets it. It isn’t easy for folks who are used to giving help and taking care of others to seek assistance for themselves. This individualized “casework” approach is costly, but we have seen firsthand that it is the surest and most direct way to reach veterans and address their concerns, doubts and questions about our program and the opportunities available. And we are lucky to have so many public and private leaders in this country who saw the shortcomings of the Vietnam era re-entry effort and are determined not to make the same mistakes again. We are especially grateful for the support and partnership of employers who make these resource-intensive individualized outreach meetings possible – Boeing alone funded 3,500 one-on-one outreach meetings last year. And our collaboration with America’s Warrior Partnership will leverage Boeing’s investment with $1.6 million in matching funds that will allow us to better integrate public and private services and help our vets navigate the maze of programs, services and opportunities available to them. For Boeing, we can think of no better hallmark to recognize its 100th anniversary than this kind of commitment to the 9/11 generation of veterans and their families. It’s fashionable in politics and public policy these days to claim that nothing gets better or our best days are behind us. But for our nation’s veterans, we are doing better than ever. Things aren’t perfect, but we have made great strides – and continue to do better every single day. Frank Talarico Jr. is the president and CEO of Goodwill of Orange County. WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR Letters to the Editor: E-mail to letters@ocregister.com. Please provide your name, city and telephone number (telephone numbers will not be published). Letters of about 200 words or videos of 30-seconds each will be given preference. Letters will be edited for length, grammar and clarity. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular O.C. Sheriff's Department searching for 2 in suspected auto, check scam Veteran who died at Doheny gets 'dignified end' after friends, strangers put together det A woman was found dead Huntington Beach in 1968. Who was this Jane Doe? Taxi driver gets year in jail for Newport Beach hit-run Jared Goff's skill set is 'off the charts,' Rams quarterback coach Chris Weinke says User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Over 8 days and all over California, thousands of first responders prepare for the Big One Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Court approves release of O.C. jail deputies' notes Abused as a kid, Alex Jaso is trying to save the home that saved him Boermeester family went from UCLA fans to getting their kicks for USC Mike Fafaul and his long, improbable journey to UCLA Angels' Mike Trout wins 2016 American League MVP Ryan Kesler's hot hand lifts Ducks over Devils, 3-2 Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Meet the characters and beasts of 'Fantastic Beasts' Top news Education » Early Thanksgiving feast brings students, teachers together at Irvine school Voters support school upgrade measures Playgrounds at Lake Forest Elementary to receive new flooring BUSINESS » Post-election rate spike will reverse course Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days Winter blend arrives, lowering gas prices in Orange County O.C. Watchdog » Sheriff wants to keep jailhouse informant notes secret State watchdog widens investigation into Supervisor Andrew Do's taxpayer-funded mailers Coin dealer jailed, but victims of his nearly $18 million scam may not get their money back Health Care » Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. ENTERTAINMENT » Bruce Cameron's 'A Dog's Purpose' is the new Register Book Club selection Things to do in Orange County Nov. 18-19 How 'Fantastic Beasts' takes Eddie Redmayne to a time before Harry Potter Food » Thanksgiving recipes: Sides & desserts Christmas cookies in a crunch Best Thing I Ate This Week: Salmon at Farmhouse in Roger's Gardens TELEVISION » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia SLIDESHOW » Classic cars up for sale at Mecum Auction through Saturday SLIDESHOW » Tustin home designed by Cliff May, 'father of the California ranch house,' snatched up in 10 days CARTOONS » Cartoons: Draining the swamp SLIDESHOW » Meet Santa Ana Zoo's 'Dr. Dolittle' who talks to the animals LATEST RHOC VIDEO » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' VIDEO » USC's offensive line faces stiff test against UCLA's sack-happy front Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»AIRBUS AKTIE»WTO Confirms EU Failed To Comply With Rulings On European Subsidies To Airbus AIRBUS GROUP SE 55,02  Euro -0,56 -1,01 % WKN: 938914  ISIN: NL0000235190 Ticker-Symbol: AIR  Xetra | 18.11.16 | 16:31 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BrancheLuftfahrt AktienmarktCAC-40 EURONEXT-100 MDAX Prime Standard DAX International 100 EURO STOXX 50 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 55,01 55,03 16:48 55,01 55,03 16:48 22.09.2016 | 17:19 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News WTO Confirms EU Failed To Comply With Rulings On European Subsidies To Airbus CHICAGO (dpa-AFX) - Boeing Co. (BA) sad that a World Trade Organization compliance panel today ruled that the European Union has failed to comply with its obligation to remedy the massive subsidies European governments have provided to create and sustain Airbus for more than 40 years. Rather than comply with their WTO obligations to remedy the $17 billion in past subsidies provided to Airbus, the WTO found that EU Member States provided Airbus with new illegal launch aid - reportedly almost $5 billion - so they could launch the new A350. The WTO was explicit: '[I]t is apparent that the A350 XWB could not have been launched and brought to market in the absence of LA/MSF [Launch Aid].' The WTO previously found that essentially no model of the entire Airbus fleet would exist today - including the A300, A310, A320, A330, A340 and A380 - were it not for the illegal subsidies provided by the European governments. 'Today's historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules,' said Dennis A. Muilenburg, Boeing chairman, president and CEO. Boeing Executive Vice President and General Counsel J. Michael Luttig explained that under prior WTO rulings the EU had an obligation to remedy the subsidies for its past airplanes, including the A380. 'Instead, the EU compounded the illegal practice by giving Airbus additional launch aid for the A350 XWB. After any appeal of today's compliance ruling, the next step for the U.S. government is to obtain WTO authorization to impose billions in retaliatory duties. The U.S. government has previously calculated those to be up to $10 billion annually.' Today's ruling confirmed that Airbus both failed to withdraw old subsidies and instead put in place new subsidies for a grand total of almost $22 billion (principal amounts only). That includes $15 billion in launch aid for each Airbus commercial aircraft program from the A300 through the A380, and $2 billion in non-launch aid subsidies. The WTO also ruled for the first time that Airbus received illegal launch aid for the A350 XWB. News reports put the total for that program at almost $5 billion. Echoing prior rulings, the WTO panel also found that Airbus and its current product line likely would not even exist without launch aid. Luttig stressed that the final stages of the case against Airbus subsidies are independent of the European cases against the United States and that the EU needs to act now. 'The cases are separate and distinct,' he said. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu AIRBUS GROUP SE Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 16:46 Übergabetermin für ersten Airbus A350 an Lufthansa steht fest ► Artikel lesen 15:36 Spain receives first Airbus A400M transport ► Artikel lesen 14:54 Japan's Peach Aviation To Purchase 13 Aircraft From Airbus SCHIPHOL-RIJK (dpa-AFX) - Japanese low-cost carrier Peach Aviation Limited decided to purchase A320neo aircraft from Airbus SAS and has signed an agreement to buy 10 aircraft. It has also... ► Artikel lesen 10:42 Peach bestellt weitere Airbus Jets ► Artikel lesen 10:17 Airbus wins $1.4 billion order for 13 planes from Peach Aviation ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart AIRBUS GROUP SE Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % AIRBUS GROUP SE 55,02 -1,01 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkblog WTO rules Europe illegally subsidized airlines, handing victory to Obama administration ahead of trade fight The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jim Tankersley September 22 Follow @jimtankersley An Airbus A320neo plane with the logo of German airline Lufthansa stands on the factory site of Airbus on February 12, 2016 in Hamburg, Germany. (Lukas Schulze/DPA/AFP/Getty Images) The World Trade Organization ruled Thursday that the European Union and several of its members failed to end illegal subsidies for airline giant Airbus, a victory for the United States in what has become the most expensive dispute in international trade history. Those subsidies, which the WTO had ordered European nations to halt in 2011, total $22 billion over more than a decade. They have cost the U.S. economy tens of billions of dollars in would-be exports. They have cost Chicago-based Boeing, America's largest manufacturer of commercial aircraft, nearly 400 potential aircraft sales and market share around the world in 2012 and 2013 alone, according to the WTO. The WTO, the body that governs international trade, is still weighing a counter-complaint from Europe, over whether the United States has illegally subsidized Boeing. Thursday's ruling carries no punishment, and the Europeans could appeal. But it appears to set the stage for the United States to begin considering retaliation against Europe in the airline market, possibly with tariffs. The Obama administration touted the long-awaited ruling as a major win for its trade strategy, in a year when free trade has become a punching bag for both candidates for president, particularly Republican Donald Trump, and as the administration mounts a final-hours effort to win congressional approval for a proposed 12-nation trade pact known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership. The administration has also filed two new trade cases with the WTO against China in an effort to demonstrate its commitment to enforce trade violations, with the hope of persuading wavering members of Congress to back the TPP in a possible vote after the presidential election. “This report is a sweeping victory for the United States and its aerospace workers,” U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said in a statement. “We have long maintained that EU aircraft subsidies have cost American companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenue, which this report clearly proves. We will not tolerate our trading partners ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers and their families.” Froman asked the European Union, along with France, Germany, Spain and Britain, to end the subsidies immediately. Boeing also hailed the decision. “Today’s historic ruling finally holds the EU and Airbus to account for their flouting of global trade rules,” said Dennis A. Muilenburg, Boeing's chairman, president and chief executive. Parts of the dispute over aircraft aid stretch back 40 years, as long as European nations have aided Airbus. The United States first complained to the WTO about the subsidies in 2004. In 2011, a WTO panel ruled, in a partial victory for the United States, that many of the subsidies were illegal under its rules for international trade. European nations said in late 2011 that they ended the subsidies, but the United States disagreed and asked the WTO to reconsider the matter. business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jim Tankersley covers economic policy for The Post. He's from Oregon, and he misses it. Follow @jimtankersley Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump just took credit for stopping Ford from moving a plant to Mexico. But it wasn’t planning to. 2 The North Pole is an insane 36 degrees warmer than normal as winter descends 3 Larry Summers: ‘Political correctness’ has become a codeword for hate 4 With Treasury candidate come possible conflicts 5 Obama administration cancels oil and gas leases on Blackfeet tribe’s sacred grounds Market Watch DJIA 0.19% NASDAQ 0.74% Get quote Last Update: 11/18/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/18/16 10:40 AM EST Sessions as AG raises stakes for Comey, Clinton By Kyle Cheney Donald Trump's selection of Sen. Jeff Session as his attorney general pick raises the stakes for FBI Director James Comey and Hillary Clinton, who have... Congress Updated 11/18/16 10:37 AM EST Meet the Rust Belt meditation guru challenging Pelosi By Kyle Cheney A former football star from the Rust Belt who wrote a book about meditation is challenging Nancy Pelosi for minority leader. 11/18/16 10:33 AM EST Trump’s picks for AG, CIA, national security adviser accept nods By Matthew Nussbaum "I am humbled to have been asked by President-elect Trump to serve as Attorney General of the United States,” Sen. Jeff Sessions said. Updated 11/18/16 10:24 AM EST Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA By Elana Schor, Kyle Cheney, Alex Isenstadt and Louis Nelson The president-elect starts building out his administration with loyalists. 11/18/16 10:21 AM EST Trump transition sends landing teams to DOJ, State, Pentagon and NSC By Brent Griffiths Here are a few of the notable names. 11/18/16 10:15 AM EST In nod to Trump, GOP likely to push Sessions through confirmation By Burgess Everett and Elana Schor But Democrats will probably put enormous pressure on centrist Republicans to block Sessions on the floor. 11/18/16 10:08 AM EST Playback: Clinton’s first appearance since the election 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Next for the DNI By Tim Starks Talks about the Vulnerability Equities Process — Section 702 goes to court 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Canada, Mexico to talk about the elephant in the room By Adam Behsudi Transition kicks into high gear — Farm bureau chief: Trump is a trade president 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Proposed rule on airborne cellphone calls coming By Brianna Gurciullo Upton: Flint aid likely to go in a CR — Donald the disrupter… to the aerospace industry 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tax prom takeaway By Bernie Becker Call to arms — More online action 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tech to tee off with Trump? By Li Zhou Rosenworcel nomination facing potential death blow — FTC delivers 'sharing economy' assessment 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST 2018 Senate strategizing starts in the House By Theodoric Meyer Updates on North Carolina governor's race, CA-49 — More candidates step forward for upcoming gubernatorial elections 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST White House Fall Reg Agenda By Ted Hesson Hoffa pulls ahead in election — Will Rauner sign teacher pension bill? 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could quick Obamacare repeal sink the individual market? By Dan Diamond Pharma off the hook on Cures funding — How the health care sector sees the possible Trump administration 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tim Ryan, healthy food advocate, challenging Pelosi By Catherine Boudreau Trump transition watch — California (drought) dreamin' 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Hoosier policies head to Washington By Benjamin Wermund Bracing for Trump’s deportation sweep — Common core critics push Trump 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Congress talking big! By Darius Tahir From Trump Tower — On CMMI 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could California drought deal actually get done? By Anthony Adragna AGs ordered deposed in Exxon case — McKinley for EPA chief? Updated 11/18/16 09:57 AM EST 2018 showdown looms: House Republicans vs. Democratic senators By Elana Schor and Burgess Everett Reps. Ryan Zinke and Kevin Cramer eye Senate bids in friendly territory represented by Democrats. Germany expected to deny asylum to thousands By Esther King 5 things to watch in France’s conservative primary By Nicholas Vinocur Angela Merkel’s new job: Global savior By Konstantin Richter 11/18/16 09:30 AM EST NEWSOM calls for ‘sanctuary campuses’ -- CALIFORNIA water deal on the way? -- PELOSI challenged by Ohio’s Ryan Nerdcast 11/18/16 09:07 AM EST Nerdcast: Your 2016 questions answered By Charlie Mahtesian, Scott Bland and Katie Glueck It's time for Episode 31 of the 2016 Nerdcast, POLITICO's podcast on the race for the White House. 11/18/16 08:52 AM EST Kanye West: If I voted, I would have voted for Trump By Louis Nelson Kanye West announced that he did not vote in last week's presidential election, but if he had, he would have voted for Donald Trump. 11/18/16 08:43 AM EST Trumpsition Day 10: Trump taps loyalists, hardliners in new staff picks By Patrick Reis and Matthew Nussbaum Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo has been offered the position of CIA director, per a transition spokesman. 11/18/16 08:30 AM EST Sessions tapped as attorney general By Jeremy Herb Trump taps Flynn as national security adviser — Congress moves to CR for Trump 11/18/16 08:00 AM EST Trump-land mindmeld By Ben White and Andrew Hanna A different view on Wall Street and Trump — MM vs. Kudlow — Troubled waters 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST Trump takes credit for keeping Ford plant in U.S. that wasn't leaving By Louis Nelson Ford was never planning to move the facility in question to Mexico. 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST SESSIONS TAPPED FOR ATTORNEY GENERAL – Republicans ready to play hardball on Supreme Court – REP. TIM RYAN CHALLENGING PELOSI – Lawmakers nearing deal on CR Longtime Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions has been tapped as President-elect Donald Trump’s attorney general, Bloomberg reports this morning. 11/18/16 07:54 AM EST Reports: Trump picks Sessions for attorney general By Matthew Nussbaum Sessions, an early Trump supporter and staunch opponent of illegal immigration. 11/18/16 07:38 AM EST ILLINOIS’ SHAMEFUL secret of abuse -- O’HARE STRIKE threat over THANKSGIVING -- DURKIN calls out MADIGAN DURKIN calls out MADIGAN 11/18/16 07:32 AM EST 44 to 45: Comparing the Trump transition to Obama’s By Henry C. Jackson and Brent Griffiths On Thursday, Nov. 14, 2008 President-elect Barack Obama announced he would resign his Senate seat effective Sunday Nov. 18. 11/18/16 07:30 AM EST DE BLASIO tries a do-over after 2016 campaign flop -- TIMES gets Trump bump -- SUNY POLY turnover continues SUNY POLY turnover continues 11/18/16 07:18 AM EST PASSAIC mayor pleads guilty in kickback scheme -- CHRISTIE, in snub to GUADAGNO, talks about staying -- NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY 11/18/16 07:09 AM EST ROMNEY meeting with TRUMP this weekend -- KARYN POLITO’s private island -- ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call 11/18/16 07:06 AM EST OVERHEARD AT TOSCA -- Pelosi’s challenge -- TRUMP versus Ford on keeping jobs in the U.S. -- DAVID BROCK’s new project -- DAVID REMNICK interviews Obama -- JARED KUSHNER profile -- B’DAY: Megyn Kelly By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman 11/18/16 07:00 AM EST As state GOP chair’s race begins, senior Trump advisor Wiles praises (doesn’t endorse) Ingoglia – Morgan breaks silence, takes dig at Putnam – Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin The Friday Cover 11/18/16 06:30 AM EST The Friday Cover: What Trump Voters Want Now — The blue-collar workers who put him in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Cartoon Carousel 11/18/16 05:19 AM EST The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics By POLITICO Staff 11/18/16 05:15 AM EST Judicial Crisis Network already running ads ahead of Trump SCOTUS pick By Burgess Everett The ad may end up being just the opening salvo in what could be a bruising confirmation fight. The Friday Cover 11/18/16 05:11 AM EST What Trump Voters Want Now By Michael Kruse The blue-collar workers who put Donald Trump in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:10 AM EST In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit By Annie Karni Trump's son-in-law has a reputation for trusting his own judgment over expert advice, and believing he has a 'golden touch.' Congress 11/18/16 05:06 AM EST GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees By Burgess Everett Republicans warn that Democratic obstruction of Trump’s pick will come at a steep — possibly historic — price. Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:02 AM EST Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart By Isaac Arnsdorf and Taylor Gee Under White House rules, Donald Trump's chief strategist would have to steer clear of the alt-right website he oversaw. 11/18/16 12:04 AM EST Cordell Hull addresses Congress: Nov. 18, 1943 By Andrew Glass During World War II, on this day in 1943, Secretary of State Cordell Hull became the first Cabinet officer ever to address a joint meeting of Congress. 11/17/16 11:47 PM EST Ivanka Trump sits in on meeting with Japanese prime minister By Cristiano Lima Her inclusion comes as Trump faces questions about how he plans to wall off his business ventures from the White House. Updated 11/17/16 10:03 PM EST Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn By Bryan Bender The retired lieutenant general’s hardline views on Islam — as well as laudatory statements about Russia — have made him a lightning rod, as did his strident... 11/17/16 08:44 PM EST 45 After Dark: Getting a MOU on edition By Henry C. Jackson Trump’s transition team has all its paperwork in for a memorandum of understanding with the White House. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart What Trump Voters Want Now Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA POLITICO Morning Trade A daily speed read on global trade news Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print WTO ruling coming in Airbus case By Megan Cassella 09/22/16 10:00 AM EDT With help from Doug Palmer and Adam Behsudi WTO RULING COMING IN AIRBUS CASE: The Office of the U.S. Trade Representative stopped short Wednesday evening of confirming that it won a ruling in the World Trade Organization case against European government support for aircraft manufacturer Airbus, but it did say it will hold a press call today on a “WTO aerospace announcement.” Story Continued Below That litigation, which is part of the biggest dispute ever to go before the global trade body, is expected to end with the WTO ruling that the EU has not eliminated billions of dollars in subsidies that were previously ruled illegal, The Wall Street Journal reported. But the newspaper, citing people familiar with the case, said the WTO is expected to follow that case with a ruling faulting the United States for not completely removing subsidies for Boeing in a case brought by the EU. Airbus spokesman Clay McConnell downplayed the significance of today’s expected ruling to Morning Trade. "We only needed to make limited changes in European policies and practices to comply with the Appellate Body's report in this case," he said, referring to a previous WTO ruling in the dispute. "Airbus did what we needed to do, in good faith and in the agreed time frame. We will now see the result in the public release and see along with the EU if there are still remaining points to address.” The case, which has been pending for 12 years, could set the stage for the United States and the EU to impose sanctions on each other's goods. But there are additional steps in the process before that happens, and it remains possible the two sides could reach a negotiated settlement. Stay tuned for more on the case and the WTO ruling later today. IT’S THURSDAY, SEPT. 22! Welcome to Morning Trade, where your host is in full-on planning mode as she gets ready to head to Geneva this weekend for next week’s public forum at the World Trade Organization. I’ll be there all next week, filing dispatches from the global trading city and bringing you the latest on all things WTO, so be sure to follow along with Morning Trade and all of our Pro content. What should I listen out for while I’m there, or what would you most like to hear about? Send me your ideas, your tips and your recommendations for where to find the best Swiss chocolates: mcassella@politico.com and @mmcassella. CONSERVATIVE GROUPS GIVE A BOOST TO FREE TRADE: Conservative lawmakers looking for a way to buck Donald Trump’s populist message on trade may have gotten a little more cover with more than 30 conservative and libertarian groups sending a letter today to Congress expressing strong support for free trade. “To some, the false promises of protectionism may be politically alluring; however, as history has demonstrated, increased economic isolation and protectionism would be disastrous for American businesses and consumers,” the National Taxpayers Union, Club for Growth, FreedomWorks and other groups write in the letter. Although the TPP is not specifically mentioned, the groups urge lawmakers “to stand by our organizations in advocating for free trade.” The letter acknowledges that while “no trade pact is perfect,” a deal should primarily serve to reduce tariffs and trade barriers. It also says additional benefits can be gained through intellectual property protections and disciplines on state-owned enterprises. The Obama administration has long argued that TPP addresses all those points. The letter comes at the same time the White House is courting support for the TPP among leading Republican figures. U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman continues that effort today when he addresses the benefits of TPP with conservative Arizona Republican Sen. Jeff Flake at an event hosted by the right-leaning American Enterprise Institute. FIGHT BREWING IN BRATISLAVA TO KEEP TTIP ALIVE: EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmström is headed to Bratislava, Slovakia, today for the start of two days of meetings that will wrap up with a ministerial between Malmström and the heads of trade for all 28 member states. Chief on the agenda will be the EU-Canada free-trade agreement, but the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership is also likely to get some play. France is set to arrive at the meeting with a proposal to suspend TTIP negotiations, our Pro Trade colleagues in Brussels report. But for the deal’s supporters, there’s hope: “France will not win the day,” Alberto Mucci, Christian Oliver and Hans von der Burchard write. “Britain, Italy, Spain, Poland, the Nordic countries and the Baltics will thwart any attempt to end the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership in Bratislava.” FROMAN: PREMATURE TO LAUNCH U.S.-KENYA FTA TALKS: …Or trade negotiations with Mauritius, for that matter, Froman told Morning Trade at the U.S.-Africa Business Forum on Wednesday in New York, although both countries have expressed a general interest in a free-trade agreement with the United States. “I think we’re going to have to talk with both of them to assess the depth and scope of their interest, to make sure there is an understanding on both sides on what kind of agreement might be negotiated and then make a clear-eyed decision about what makes sense to move forward with,” Froman said in an interview. USTR recommended the next administration look at a number of options for expanding trade with the continent, ranging from free-trade agreements with countries or regions willing to meet U.S. standards to fine-tuning the criteria for U.S. trade preferences to include new obligations, like complying with all World Trade Organization rules or participating in new plurilateral agreements. “I think we felt like there were a number of different possibilities going forward,” Froman said, when asked if he thought there were one or two options that made the most sense. “You can’t treat Africa like a monolithic entity. There’s a great deal of diversity among the countries there and some may be more able, more willing and ready to move forward with some pathways than others. “I think the challenge going forward is how to take that into account and how to make sure that what we do is supportive of Africa’s priorities toward more regional integration, more value-added production, while at the same time not allowing ourselves to get dragged down to the lowest common denominator approach of the countries that are least willing, able and ready to move forward.” THE TRUMP TRADE CONUNDRUM FOR VULNERABLE GOP: The upended politics of trade have dominated the presidential campaign cycle, but Trump’s war against the TPP and free-trade deals in general is putting other establishment-minded Republican lawmakers running for reelection between a rock and a hard place, POLITICO’s Seung Min Kim reports. Of the Republicans who are running in the most closely watched Senate races this cycle, just two have publicly embraced the controversial trade deal: Arizona’s John McCain and Illinois’ Mark Kirk. The shift is a remarkable policy reversal for a party that has traditionally championed itself as the party of free trade, Seung Min writes. Read the full story here. BIZ GROUPS LOOK FOR TPP VOTES AMONG THE TPA NO’S: Business groups backing the TPP are not giving up hope that the deal could still pass this year and are continuing to work to rally members of Congress to support it, including those who voted against Trade Promotion Authority last year, National Association of Manufacturers’ vice president of international economic affairs, Linda Dempsey, told reporters on Wednesday. “There’s certainly an effort by everybody in the business community and beyond to look at other members who may not have supported TPA for a variety of reasons but might in fact be able to support TPP,” Dempsey said on a press call with other industry group leaders. Dempsey acknowledged that there are still outstanding issues between lawmakers and the administration that must be resolved, including on biologic drugs. She said NAM members continue to talk with lawmakers when they’re back in their home districts and are planning additional meetings for the upcoming recess, after Congress heads out of town for the remaining duration of the election. EX-IM HEAD HOPES TO REUSE AN OLD FIX: Fred Hochberg, the president and chairman of the Export-Import Bank, on Wednesday pitched the current efforts in Congress to revive his beleaguered agency as “simply an idea that has worked in the past,” though he offered no indication as to whether it would be as successful this time around. Ex-Im supporters in Congress are pushing for language to be included in the stopgap funding bill under consideration that would allow the entire membership of the agency’s board of directors, if less than full capacity, to constitute a quorum. Without a quorum — the board currently has only two members — the bank is incapable of approving deals worth more than $10 million. “We are working diligently on that,” Hochberg told reporters in New York City when asked about the latest news on the quorum. “This is a solution to our quorum issue that was deployed in 1999, when we had a similar lapse. So this is not a new idea. It’s simply an idea that has worked in the past that we have to revive so we can make sure we don’t lose jobs to the Chinese, to the Germans and the French who are very happy to eat our lunch in Africa if we’re not there.” Whether Ex-Im will be fully functioning under the next administration will depend on who wins the election, Hochberg added, saying he thought the two parties view the bank’s benefits differently. “As a government official, I can just say the two parties have very different views about what is the role of government and Ex-Im Bank in supporting U.S. jobs,” he said. DENT: EX-IM RESCUE EFFORTS ARE ‘STILL ALIVE’: Rep. Charlie Dent, the Pennsylvania Republican who first inserted the language to rescue the agency into the House foreign operations appropriations bill, told Morning Trade on Wednesday that efforts to attach the Ex-Im provision to the short-term funding bill were not yet dead in the water. Instead, it’s up to the Senate accept the provision, as the House will likely ultimately “be forced to eat whatever the Senate sends us,” he said. Dent added that there is a strong bipartisan group of lawmakers in both chambers that would support the Ex-Im provision. “My belief is that the Ex-Im Bank would bring votes to the table,” Dent said. “It genuinely wouldn’t lose you votes.” The comments contradict Sen. John Thune’s prediction earlier this week that even if the Senate could pass it, it would be “a very heavy lift” for the House to accept it as well. HOYER THROWS COLD WATER ON TPP VOTE PROSPECTS: Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer skirted a question about how he would vote on TPP, should it come to the floor this fall, by simply saying that it would not. “It’s not going to come to a vote,” Hoyer says in a video posted by the liberal activist group CREDO. When pressed, he added: “And neither Clinton’s for it. Trump’s not for it. The majority leader has indicated he’s not going to put it on the floor. It’s not coming to a vote.” Hoyer, a Maryland Democrat, voted against Trade Promotion Authority last year, but he has strongly supported free-trade deals in the past. Others in Democratic leadership, including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, have already come out against a lame-duck vote on the deal, and Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said during the summer that it will not come up for a vote this fall. COLOMBIA GRANTS SLIGHT REPRIEVE IN DRUG DECISION: Colombia is moving ahead with a “declaration of public interest” that would cut the price of Gleevec, a leukemia treatment, by 45 percent despite protests from the drug’s maker, Novartis. The move drew wider attention after leaked Colombian Embassy documents described a meeting in which Senate Finance Committee chief trade counsel Everett Eissenstat said the pricing decision could interfere with other interests of Colombia in the U.S. Undeterred, Bogota said last week it would move ahead with the decision but not before complying with a USTR “standard request” asking for a longer period for the drug industry and other interested parties to review and comment on a draft decree that sets a new methodology for setting prices on any product subject to a declaration of public interest, a USTR spokesman said. The Colombian Ministry of Health, in response, extended the public comment period from three days to an additional seven days or until Sept. 27, the spokesman said. ONE UNSUSPECTING THORN IN U.S.-CANADA TRADE? It’s cat litter, according to Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Gil Kerlikowske — or at least, it used to be. Asked in an interview with POLITICO’s Luiza Savage on Canada’s CPAC TV about the biggest accomplishments he’ll leave behind after working with Canada to facilitate trade and travel along the U.S. border, Kerlikowske said one would be opening fewer trucks that are transporting cat litter. “Cat litter is one of those things that sets off certain radiation monitors,” he said. “You can spend a lot of time looking at cat litter. So what we’ve done is to be able to change the algorithms in our system to reduce the number of times” those trucks are pulled over. Watch the full interview, which also touches on how to balance CBP’s economic responsibility to facilitate trade between the countries with the need for security, among other subjects, here. INTERNATIONAL OVERNIGHT — Vice President Joe Biden said he sees a “less than even chance,” but a genuine chance, of TPP passing during the lame-duck session, Reuters reports. — Vietnam will delay ratification of the TPP until after the U.S. elections, Channel News Asia reports. — China has arrested more than 10 business executives for suspected trade with North Korea, UPI reports. — Fixing the controversial Investor-State Dispute Settlement system would require just a few sentences of legislation to rein in the worst abuses of the system while upholding investor rights, Roosevelt Institute fellow Todd Tucker writes in an op-ed in POLITICO Magazine. THAT'S ALL FOR MORNING TRADE! See you again soon! In the meantime, drop the team a line: abehsudi@politico.com and @ABehsudi; mcassella@politico.com and @mmcassella; dpalmer@politico.com and @tradereporter; mkorade@politico.com and @mjkorade; and jhuffman@politico.com and @JsonHuffman. You can also follow @POLITICOPro and @Morning_Trade. « View Archives Authors: Megan Cassella mcassella@politico.com About The Author Megan Cassella is a trade reporter for POLITICO PRo. Most Read National intelligence chief Clapper resigns Obama to Trump: Time to get serious Trump calms the chaos The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Trump's appointment of son-in-law could rest on Clinton precedent Trump's border wall may be collapsing David Brock gathering donors to ‘kick Donald Trump’s ass’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Obama to anti-Trump protesters: Don't be silent Bloomberg to end 'With All Due Respect' as company reorganizes Bloomberg Politics Morning Trade - POLITICO Archive Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 Wednesday, 11/16/16 Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 View the Full Morning Trade Archives » Politico Magazine ‘My Language Is My Language, But I’m a Vermonter’ By Erick Trickey The Bitter Feud Behind the Law That Could Keep Jared Kushner Out of the White House By Josh Zeitz America’s First All-Renewable-Energy City By Colin Woodard The Return of ‘Inner Circle’ Frenzy By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/18/16 10:40 AM EST Sessions as AG raises stakes for Comey, Clinton By Kyle Cheney Donald Trump's selection of Sen. Jeff Session as his attorney general pick raises the stakes for FBI Director James Comey and Hillary Clinton, who have... Congress Updated 11/18/16 10:37 AM EST Meet the Rust Belt meditation guru challenging Pelosi By Kyle Cheney A former football star from the Rust Belt who wrote a book about meditation is challenging Nancy Pelosi for minority leader. 11/18/16 10:33 AM EST Trump’s picks for AG, CIA, national security adviser accept nods By Matthew Nussbaum "I am humbled to have been asked by President-elect Trump to serve as Attorney General of the United States,” Sen. Jeff Sessions said. Updated 11/18/16 10:24 AM EST Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA By Elana Schor, Kyle Cheney, Alex Isenstadt and Louis Nelson The president-elect starts building out his administration with loyalists. 11/18/16 10:21 AM EST Trump transition sends landing teams to DOJ, State, Pentagon and NSC By Brent Griffiths Here are a few of the notable names. 11/18/16 10:15 AM EST In nod to Trump, GOP likely to push Sessions through confirmation By Burgess Everett and Elana Schor But Democrats will probably put enormous pressure on centrist Republicans to block Sessions on the floor. 11/18/16 10:08 AM EST Playback: Clinton’s first appearance since the election 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Next for the DNI By Tim Starks Talks about the Vulnerability Equities Process — Section 702 goes to court 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Canada, Mexico to talk about the elephant in the room By Adam Behsudi Transition kicks into high gear — Farm bureau chief: Trump is a trade president 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Proposed rule on airborne cellphone calls coming By Brianna Gurciullo Upton: Flint aid likely to go in a CR — Donald the disrupter… to the aerospace industry 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tax prom takeaway By Bernie Becker Call to arms — More online action 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tech to tee off with Trump? By Li Zhou Rosenworcel nomination facing potential death blow — FTC delivers 'sharing economy' assessment 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST 2018 Senate strategizing starts in the House By Theodoric Meyer Updates on North Carolina governor's race, CA-49 — More candidates step forward for upcoming gubernatorial elections 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST White House Fall Reg Agenda By Ted Hesson Hoffa pulls ahead in election — Will Rauner sign teacher pension bill? 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could quick Obamacare repeal sink the individual market? By Dan Diamond Pharma off the hook on Cures funding — How the health care sector sees the possible Trump administration 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tim Ryan, healthy food advocate, challenging Pelosi By Catherine Boudreau Trump transition watch — California (drought) dreamin' 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Hoosier policies head to Washington By Benjamin Wermund Bracing for Trump’s deportation sweep — Common core critics push Trump 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Congress talking big! By Darius Tahir From Trump Tower — On CMMI 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could California drought deal actually get done? By Anthony Adragna AGs ordered deposed in Exxon case — McKinley for EPA chief? Updated 11/18/16 09:57 AM EST 2018 showdown looms: House Republicans vs. Democratic senators By Elana Schor and Burgess Everett Reps. Ryan Zinke and Kevin Cramer eye Senate bids in friendly territory represented by Democrats. Germany expected to deny asylum to thousands By Esther King 5 things to watch in France’s conservative primary By Nicholas Vinocur Angela Merkel’s new job: Global savior By Konstantin Richter 11/18/16 09:30 AM EST NEWSOM calls for ‘sanctuary campuses’ -- CALIFORNIA water deal on the way? -- PELOSI challenged by Ohio’s Ryan Nerdcast 11/18/16 09:07 AM EST Nerdcast: Your 2016 questions answered By Charlie Mahtesian, Scott Bland and Katie Glueck It's time for Episode 31 of the 2016 Nerdcast, POLITICO's podcast on the race for the White House. 11/18/16 08:52 AM EST Kanye West: If I voted, I would have voted for Trump By Louis Nelson Kanye West announced that he did not vote in last week's presidential election, but if he had, he would have voted for Donald Trump. 11/18/16 08:43 AM EST Trumpsition Day 10: Trump taps loyalists, hardliners in new staff picks By Patrick Reis and Matthew Nussbaum Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo has been offered the position of CIA director, per a transition spokesman. 11/18/16 08:30 AM EST Sessions tapped as attorney general By Jeremy Herb Trump taps Flynn as national security adviser — Congress moves to CR for Trump 11/18/16 08:00 AM EST Trump-land mindmeld By Ben White and Andrew Hanna A different view on Wall Street and Trump — MM vs. Kudlow — Troubled waters 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST Trump takes credit for keeping Ford plant in U.S. that wasn't leaving By Louis Nelson Ford was never planning to move the facility in question to Mexico. 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST SESSIONS TAPPED FOR ATTORNEY GENERAL – Republicans ready to play hardball on Supreme Court – REP. TIM RYAN CHALLENGING PELOSI – Lawmakers nearing deal on CR Longtime Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions has been tapped as President-elect Donald Trump’s attorney general, Bloomberg reports this morning. 11/18/16 07:54 AM EST Reports: Trump picks Sessions for attorney general By Matthew Nussbaum Sessions, an early Trump supporter and staunch opponent of illegal immigration. 11/18/16 07:38 AM EST ILLINOIS’ SHAMEFUL secret of abuse -- O’HARE STRIKE threat over THANKSGIVING -- DURKIN calls out MADIGAN DURKIN calls out MADIGAN 11/18/16 07:32 AM EST 44 to 45: Comparing the Trump transition to Obama’s By Henry C. Jackson and Brent Griffiths On Thursday, Nov. 14, 2008 President-elect Barack Obama announced he would resign his Senate seat effective Sunday Nov. 18. 11/18/16 07:30 AM EST DE BLASIO tries a do-over after 2016 campaign flop -- TIMES gets Trump bump -- SUNY POLY turnover continues SUNY POLY turnover continues 11/18/16 07:18 AM EST PASSAIC mayor pleads guilty in kickback scheme -- CHRISTIE, in snub to GUADAGNO, talks about staying -- NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY 11/18/16 07:09 AM EST ROMNEY meeting with TRUMP this weekend -- KARYN POLITO’s private island -- ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call 11/18/16 07:06 AM EST OVERHEARD AT TOSCA -- Pelosi’s challenge -- TRUMP versus Ford on keeping jobs in the U.S. -- DAVID BROCK’s new project -- DAVID REMNICK interviews Obama -- JARED KUSHNER profile -- B’DAY: Megyn Kelly By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman 11/18/16 07:00 AM EST As state GOP chair’s race begins, senior Trump advisor Wiles praises (doesn’t endorse) Ingoglia – Morgan breaks silence, takes dig at Putnam – Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin The Friday Cover 11/18/16 06:30 AM EST The Friday Cover: What Trump Voters Want Now — The blue-collar workers who put him in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Cartoon Carousel 11/18/16 05:19 AM EST The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics By POLITICO Staff 11/18/16 05:15 AM EST Judicial Crisis Network already running ads ahead of Trump SCOTUS pick By Burgess Everett The ad may end up being just the opening salvo in what could be a bruising confirmation fight. The Friday Cover 11/18/16 05:11 AM EST What Trump Voters Want Now By Michael Kruse The blue-collar workers who put Donald Trump in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:10 AM EST In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit By Annie Karni Trump's son-in-law has a reputation for trusting his own judgment over expert advice, and believing he has a 'golden touch.' Congress 11/18/16 05:06 AM EST GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees By Burgess Everett Republicans warn that Democratic obstruction of Trump’s pick will come at a steep — possibly historic — price. Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:02 AM EST Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart By Isaac Arnsdorf and Taylor Gee Under White House rules, Donald Trump's chief strategist would have to steer clear of the alt-right website he oversaw. 11/18/16 12:04 AM EST Cordell Hull addresses Congress: Nov. 18, 1943 By Andrew Glass During World War II, on this day in 1943, Secretary of State Cordell Hull became the first Cabinet officer ever to address a joint meeting of Congress. 11/17/16 11:47 PM EST Ivanka Trump sits in on meeting with Japanese prime minister By Cristiano Lima Her inclusion comes as Trump faces questions about how he plans to wall off his business ventures from the White House. Updated 11/17/16 10:03 PM EST Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn By Bryan Bender The retired lieutenant general’s hardline views on Islam — as well as laudatory statements about Russia — have made him a lightning rod, as did his strident... 11/17/16 08:44 PM EST 45 After Dark: Getting a MOU on edition By Henry C. Jackson Trump’s transition team has all its paperwork in for a memorandum of understanding with the White House. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart What Trump Voters Want Now Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA Politico Morning Transportation A daily speed read on transportation and infrastructure Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Senators roll out surface transpo security bill By Brianna Gurciullo 09/22/16 10:00 AM EDT With help from Jennifer Scholtes, Lauren Gardner and Tanya Snyder SENATORS ROLL OUT SURFACE TRANSPO SECURITY BILL: Senate Commerce Committee leaders are introducing a bill today that would require TSA to assess terrorism risk for every mode of transportation, our Jennifer Scholtes reports as a scoop for Pros this morning. The legislation by Chairman John Thune and ranking member Bill Nelson comes out days after five bombs were found near a train station in New Jersey, which prompted federal and local officials to boost security at rail and transit hubs across the country. Story Continued Below An agency already under scrutiny: But even before that incident, a recent inspector general report found that TSA lacked a risk-based strategy for distributing resources across travel modes, leading senators to call on the agency to give more attention to surface transportation. “It’s not just airports that need enhanced security,” Nelson said this week. Thune, meanwhile, has pointed to recent attacks on rail and transit stations in Europe as a reason to re-evaluate transportation security. What it would do: Nelson and Thune’s bill would mandate that White House budget requests differentiate between resources for aviation security and resources for surface transportation and maritime security. It’d require TSA to update lawmakers every other year on threats to surface transportation systems and ports. The legislation also calls for TSA to create a plan for vetting rail passengers using terrorist watch lists. And it would require the DHS inspector general to track TSA’s progress toward complying with rail security mandates from legislation enacted in 2007, which codified recommendations from the 9/11 Commission. IT’S THURSDAY: Good morning and thanks for tuning in to POLITICO’s Morning Transportation, your daily tipsheet on all things trains, planes, automobiles and ports. Please send tips, feedback and, of course, song lyrics to bgurciullo@politico.com or @brigurciullo. “There was Romona. She came uptown from corona. Right there on the stairway of the subway train. We danced real slow. She was heaven to know.” (h/t FTA’s Bonnie Graves) Want to keep up with all of MT’s song picks? Follow our Spotify playlist. POLITICO EXPANDS INTO EU TRANSPORTATION COVERAGE: POLITICO’s European edition has launched Morning Transport, a daily newsletter navigating the complex world of EU transport policy and infrastructure. Sign up here: Politico.eu/registration NOPE, NOT OUR JOB: The Surface Transportation Board decided this week it wouldn’t stop the city of Benicia, Calif., from rejecting Valero Energy’s plans to build a facility that would allow more oil trains to pass through the area. Why? Because Valero Energy is an oil refiner, not a rail carrier, and it doesn’t fall under STB’s jurisdiction. Hours after the board announced its decision, Benicia’s city council voted to reject the project. Valero could now go to court, our Lauren Gardner reported for Pros, but a company spokeswoman said executives are still “considering our options moving forward.” STB’s decision has broad implications, National Resources Defense Council staff attorney Jackie Prange told Lauren. Local governments in the Pacific Northwest that are grappling with similar projects were waiting to see how the Benicia case played out. AIRBUS, BOEING GET APPROVAL FOR IRAN SALES: The Treasury Department has issued licenses to Boeing and Airbus to sell airplanes to Iran, about two months after the House voted to block such authorizations through a financial services spending bill. As our Jennifer Scholtes reported for Pros, Airbus has received one license for A320s and A330s and expects to get another “in the coming weeks.” Boeing was granted a license to sell up to 80 planes to Iran Air. The Obama administration’s nuclear agreement with Iran made civilian aircraft sales possible after a nearly 40-year trade freeze. WHERE DO WE GO NOW? Now that DOT has officially released guidance for driverless vehicles, lawmakers have different ideas for how they should get involved in their development and rollout, if at all. Senate Commerce Committee member Richard Blumenthal told our Tanya Snyder on Wednesday that he wants hearings on the issue. The Democrat from Connecticut said he has “very strong concerns about the reliability and safety of driverless vehicles without proper standards.” Democratic Sen. Brian Schatz of Hawaii said the Commerce Committee “should assert its jurisdiction,” adding that the development of self-driving cars “is one of the bigger changes that’s going to occur in American society over the next couple of decades and we ought to be guiding it.” But Michigan Democratic Sen. Gary Peters said the legislative branch should only step in if it’s needed to prevent “a patchwork of regulation all across the country.” GETTING TO ZERO TRAFFIC DEATHS: While DOT is aiming to eliminate the number of traffic fatalities in the United States within two or three decades, officials don’t yet know how exactly they’ll do it. Tanya reports that mayors and local transportation officials gave some advice at a recent DOT event: put less emphasis on level of service as a performance measure, bring state design guidance in line with federal standards, partner with the Justice Department to boost enforcement of traffic laws and encourage insurance companies to reward drivers for attending continuing education seminars. MT MAILBAG: Sens. Deb Fischer (R-Neb.) and Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), both members of the Commerce Committee, are asking how NHTSA and other DOT agencies are collaborating with states as they switch to electronic record-keeping. Fischer and Blumenthal sent a series of questions Wednesday to Comptroller General Gene Dodaro, including: “What statutory, regulatory, or other challenges exist for states to transition to electronic records systems, such as electronic automobile titling or electronic automobile registration?” Here’s the full letter. SLICE OF PI: April Canter recently joined Harley-Davidson as government affairs manager, our friends at POLITICO Influence report. Canter previously worked for the American Nurses Association and The Recording Academy. She was also a professional staff member for the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Extra slice: The National Automobile Dealers Association held its Washington Conference this week with speakers including Rep. Joyce Beatty (D-Ohio), Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas), Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.), and Janet McCabe, the EPA’s acting assistant administrator for the Office of Air and Radiation. McCabe and NADA’s president, Peter Welch, will testify today at a House Energy and Commerce hearing on CAFE standards. The association’s members also had 325 meetings scheduled on Capitol Hill. THE AUTOBAHN (SPEED READ): — WTO expected to rule against EU on Airbus subsidies. The Wall Street Journal. — Report: Metro is "constantly in a catch-up mode" when it comes to power infrastructure. The Washington Post. — Commuter survey shows riders souring on Metrorail. The Washington Post. — Christie appointee claimed high-level support for Bridgegate scheme, official testifies. POLITICO New Jersey. — Volkswagen investors seek $9 billion in damages over emissions scandal. Reuters. — New airborne technologies promise to better link planes and satellites. The Wall Street Journal. — Three brothers seek to overtake Tesla with souped-up plug-in car. Bloomberg. THE COUNTDOWN: DOT appropriations run out in 7 days. The FAA reauthorization expires in 372 days. The 2016 presidential election is in 46 days. Highway and transit policy is up for renewal in 1,472 days. ** A message from the National Association of Manufacturers: Great nations build and invest in great infrastructure. When communities have greater access to economic opportunities and when manufacturers have efficient ways to move goods to market, the quality of life rises, productivity soars and societies thrive. Current U.S. infrastructure, however, is in an alarming state of disrepair and in urgent need of strong investments. Manufacturers want to #BeTheSolution. So as we call for healing and moving our country forward, we are calling for a major investment in renewing our transportation systems and advancing energy infrastructure. Americans are demanding a stronger, more inclusive economy. And that’s why infrastructure can be part of the answer. Historical data indicates that previous significant investments in infrastructure have aligned with high levels of growth and more aggressive economic activity. That starts with sending WRDA to the President’s desk this year. In 2017,the President-elect and Congress must act boldly. Learn more from the NAM’s “Building to Win” infrastructure initiative. http://www.nam.org/buildingtowin ** « View Archives Authors: Brianna Gurciullo bgurciullo@politico.com @brigurciullo About The Author Brianna Gurciullo is a transportation reporter for POLITICO Pro and the writer of Morning Transportation. Before joining the transportation team, she was an intern at POLITICO, working with POLITICO Influence, breaking news and POLITICO Magazine. Brianna previously interned with Hearst, the Center for Responsive Politics and The Chicago Tribune. She was also a 2015 fellow for investigative reporting initiative News21. An alumna of the George Washington University, Brianna served as editor in chief of The GW Hatchet. Most Read National intelligence chief Clapper resigns Obama to Trump: Time to get serious Trump calms the chaos The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Trump's appointment of son-in-law could rest on Clinton precedent Trump's border wall may be collapsing David Brock gathering donors to ‘kick Donald Trump’s ass’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Obama to anti-Trump protesters: Don't be silent Bloomberg to end 'With All Due Respect' as company reorganizes Bloomberg Politics Morning Transportation - POLITICO Archive Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 Wednesday, 11/16/16 Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 View the Full Morning Transportation Archives » Politico Magazine ‘My Language Is My Language, But I’m a Vermonter’ By Erick Trickey The Bitter Feud Behind the Law That Could Keep Jared Kushner Out of the White House By Josh Zeitz America’s First All-Renewable-Energy City By Colin Woodard The Return of ‘Inner Circle’ Frenzy By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Friday 18 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing supports education in Washington with USD6m in grants By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · September 22, 2016 Boeing (NYSE: BA) has awarded USD6.0 million in grants to more than 50 nonprofit organizations and education institutions across Washington, the company said. The grants are geared toward programs that enhance STEM, workforce training, and educational and career pathway opportunities for students, particularly for underserved students who have not historically pursued these career paths. Included in these grants is USD1.0 million to further support students seeking a STEM education and enhanced learning opportunities at local universities. The company said some of the largest grants will support: Thrive Washington and its focus upon early learning; Washington STEM and its K-12 learning initiatives; and SkillUp Washington and its manufacturing pathways partnership with community and technical colleges. Related posts Alaska Airlines, US Marines partner to deliver Toys for Tots November 18, 2016 Alaska Airlines has partnered with the US Marines and Toys for Tots to deliver 15,000... EDM uses Mach Loop Challenge to test pilot skills November 18, 2016 EDM has reported it plans to test pilot skills with its Mach Loop Challenge at... FLY Leasing reports USD23m in Q3 2016 net income November 18, 2016 FLY Leasing Limited (NYSE: FLY) has reported USD22.9 million or USD0.70 per share in third... Aer Lingus to launch Dublin/Miami service November 18, 2016 Aer Lingus, the national airline of Ireland, has reported plans to launch service between Dublin,... Boeing receives 777X jet engine exhaust system component from Safran November 18, 2016 Safran Nacelles has delivered the initial jet engine exhaust system component for Boeing´s new 777X... « Lockheed Martin supports new USO Orlando welcome center Ethiopian Airlines fits aviation academy with EDM training simulators » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 September 2016 M T W T F S S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News U.S. Treasury greenlights Boeing and Airbus sale of planes to Iran The licences mean Iran can begin rebuilding its fleet of aging and dangerous planes. By Ed Adamczyk   |   Sept. 22, 2016 at 8:11 AM Follow @upi Comments WASHINGTON, Sept. 22 (UPI) -- Boeing Company and Airbus SAS announced they received licenses from the U.S. Treasury Department to sell commercial planes to Iran. The United States has relaxed many of its sanctions against Iran in light of an agreement with Iran to curtail its nuclear program, but still demands export licenses for sales of aircraft and parts to Iran. Licenses are required for aircraft with U.S.-made parts. Planes made by European-based Airbus typically have more than 40 percent of their parts manufactured in the United States. Boeing will sell 80 planes to Iran Air, the country's national commercial carrier, a company spokesman said. Airbus confirmed a license for the sale of 17 planes, part of a larger deal to include a total of 118 planes. The Treasury Department said in a statement Wednesday that the licenses "contain strict conditions to ensure that the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred." The approval indicates Iran can now rebuild its aging and dangerous fleet of planes. Since sanctions began in 1975, Iran has seen numerous crashes of malfunctioning and poorly maintained aircraft. Iranian commercial planes have been used in the past to deliver troops to Syria, and the licenses have drawn criticism from some members of Congress. In a statement, Rep. Peter Roskam, R-Ill., said the Obama administration "has once again made a political decision to appease Iran at the expense of our national security." Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Boeing gets $9.9 million deal for F/A-18 laser guidance sets Boeing receives $52 million for F/A-18 aircraft doors First Spanish Airbus A400M takes maiden flight Comments Topics: Peter Roskam, Barack Obama Latest Headlines Oil prices start Friday in hesitant rally 49 minutes ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Crude oil prices moved higher to start the day on Friday on competing strains from production levels outside of OPEC and sentiment for a market deal. Armenian president: We had to buy Iskander-M missiles from Russia 1 hour ago Yerevan had to buy Iskander-M short-range ballistic missiles system to balance the volatile situation in the Caucasus, Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said. DARPA funding second Tern test vehicle 1 hour ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- DARPA has begun funding a second demonstration vehicle to support the third phase of Tern, a joint project with ONR and Northrop Grumman. Spain receives first Airbus A400M transport 1 hour ago MADRID, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Airbus Defense and Space has delivered the first of 27 Spanish-made A400M airlifters to the Spanish air force. Damen modifying patrol boats for Jamaica 1 hour ago GORINCHEM, Netherlands, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Damen Shipyards Group of the Netherlands reports it is currently modifying two patrol boats it has sold to the Jamaica Defense Force. MOL confirms Interpol no longer seeks its CEO 1 hour ago BUDAPEST, Hungary, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- A spokesperson for Hungarian energy company MOL confirmed Friday that an international arrest warrant for its chairman was canceled by Interpol. Trump takes credit for stopping auto plant's Mexico move; Ford denies closure 1 hour ago LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 18 (UPI) -- President-elect Donald Trump credited himself with keeping a Ford Motor Company plant in Kentucky open, a facility Ford said it did not intend to close. Let's consider freezing oil production, Russia says 2 hours ago DOHA, Qatar, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Major oil-producing nations could implement a freeze in output levels as a tool to bring the market back into balance, Russia's energy minister said Friday. How Iran and Russia are locking step on oil 2 hours ago TEHRAN, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- A Russian delegation visiting Tehran on Friday signed a handful of agreements to work with an Iranian oil company, a managing director said. Volkswagen plans 30,000 job cuts, shift to electric cars 3 hours ago WOLFSBURG , Germany, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Volkswagen AG announced up to 30,000 job cuts over five years, and a focus on electric and self-driving vehicles in a corporate restructuring plan. Trending Stories Domino's tests drone delivery of pizza in New Zealand Top 10 most dangerous toys list includes Warcraft Doomhammer, Nerf gun Texas' Wolfcamp shale reserve may be largest ever assessed in U.S. China's first aircraft carrier 'combat ready' OPEC, Yellen give oil prices a lift UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Friday | November 18, 2016 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Nov 18, 08:37 pm Trump nears settlement in Trump University lawsuit Nov 18, 08:24 pm Zimbabwean anti-government activists shot at, beaten, abducted Nov 18, 08:20 pm Two Baloch ‘separatists’ killed in Dera Bugti Nov 18, 08:16 pm Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Nov 18, 08:04 pm Pakistan team ready to feature in Asian Cadet Junior Karate Championship Nov 18, 07:59 pm Kaira appointed president of PPP Central Punjab Nov 18, 07:42 pm Iraqi children dump Islamic State's books of violence Nov 18, 07:37 pm CM Sindh lauds LEAs’ role for peace   US begins unblocking jetliner sales to Iran September 22, 2016, 5:08 pm SHARE : Reuters Tweet NEW YORK: The United States has begun unblocking deals by Western giants to sell jetliners to Iran in a move likely to ease complaints from Tehran over implementation of last year's sanctions deal, but test conservative opposition to the deals in both nations. Europe's Airbus (AIR.PA) said on Wednesday it had received US Treasury approval to begin exporting jets to Iran, under a deal for more than 100 jets struck in January. Hours later, its US rival Boeing (BA.N), which had been behind Airbus in the line for permits because its matching deal for over 100 jets came six months later, said it had received a sales license and remained in talks with IranAir. [nL2N1BX1TJ] The US Treasury confirmed issuing two licenses. The move removes a key hurdle to one of the most high-profile deals between Iran and foreign companies since last year's agreement between Tehran and world powers to open up trade in exchange for curbs on the country's nuclear activities. But major questions remain over the financing of deals between Iran and Western planemakers that threaten to obstruct deliveries of the planes, in what is seen as a test case for Western trade and investment following the nuclear deal. "This sends a strong signal but it resolves only half the problem. The challenge to raise financing remains," Bertrand Grabowski, a managing director at German's DVB Bank, said. Foreign banks are reluctant to finance the aircraft deals, fearing they could fall foul of remaining US sanctions that prohibit the use of its financial system for Iranian business, something difficult to avoid in a complex global supply chain. With US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump strongly critical of the rapprochement, some banks fear they could be left with no insurance if Iran sanctions "snap back". The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to flag carrier IranAir would help modernize and expand the country's elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. But nine months after the first deal was signed, Iranian officials had voiced growing concerns about what they saw as unfair delays in obtaining US licenses or clarity over banking and financing rules. Tehran's deputy roads and urban development minister told the CAPA Iran Aviation Finance Summit in Tehran this week that failing to clear the jet sales would put Washington in "breach" of the nuclear pact. OPPOSITION TO DEALS Diplomats say the new jets will allow pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani to argue the sanctions deal is working, several months ahead of Iranian presidential elections in May next year. But the deals remain strongly opposed by US Republicans who say the jets could be misused for military purposes and by conservatives in Iran who oppose the country's more open stance and say the purchases will not benefit most Iranians. As the Obama administration moved to begin allowing the sales, Republicans blasted US policy toward Iran. Paul Ryan, Speaker of the US House of Representatives, said the administration “bends over backwards” to help Iran. Airbus said it had been granted an initial license to supply 17 A320 or A330 jets that are slated for early delivery, and that it expected a second license for remaining jets in weeks. An Iranian official told Reuters this week a deal for 118 Airbus jets had been trimmed by six amid regulatory delays, and that a deal to buy or lease 109 Boeing aircraft, including 80 purchased directly, had been shaved to 108. Iran has also ordered up to 40 Franco-Italian ATR (AIR.PA) SIFI.MI turboprop planes needing US approval. Tweet More by Reuters RELATED NEWS March 19, 2014, 8:34 pm Malaysia to send high-level team to China over missing jetliner February 26, 2014 We'll continue using you in our proxy war You mean fighting over unblocking Youtube & stuff? Saudi ... February 19, 2012, 6:28 pm Iran stops oil sales to British, French companies January 30, 2012 Iran may impose long term EU oil sales ban MORE IN INTERNATIONAL November 18, 2016, 8:37 pm Trump nears settlement in Trump University lawsuit November 18, 2016, 8:24 pm Zimbabwean anti-government activists shot at, beaten, abducted November 18, 2016, 8:16 pm Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful November 18, 2016, 7:42 pm Iraqi children dump Islamic State's books of violence Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Nigeria turns to Pakistan, Russia for arms JI Hind censures govt over ZakirNaik's IRF ban, demands to ... Trump´s daughter sits in on landmark Japan PM talks Terrorists bringing bad name to Islam: Erdogan Terrorists bringing bad name to Islam: Erdogan LATEST COMMENTS Eddied he is correct, it is the radical extremist muslims behind Al Qaeda and Daesh that are ruining the reputation of Islam in the world...they are the cause of Islamaphobia... and those muslims who still s... Eddied sharia law is incompatible with western and eastern civilizations...this has been demonstrated by ISIS, the Taliban, Boko Haram, Al Shabab, etc. etc....anywhere there is a call to sharia there is also... Eddied glad to hear you support Gay rights in Pakistan... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied he is correct, it is the radical extremist muslims behind Al Qaeda and Daesh that are ruining the reputation of Islam in the world...they are the cause of Islamaphobia... and those muslims who still s... Eddied sharia law is incompatible with western and eastern civilizations...this has been demonstrated by ISIS, the Taliban, Boko Haram, Al Shabab, etc. etc....anywhere there is a call to sharia there is also... Eddied glad to hear you support Gay rights in Pakistan... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2016, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Contract Awards / State Dept Clears $2B Sale of Boeing KC-46A, Raytheon & Northrop Components to Japan State Dept Clears $2B Sale of Boeing KC-46A, Raytheon & Northrop Components to Japan Jane Edwards September 22, 2016 Contract Awards, News 1,487 Views The State Department has given Japan the go-ahead to purchase the Boeing-built (NYSE: BA) KC-46A Pegasus tanker aircraft and related support from the U.S. government under a potential $1.9 billion foreign military sales agreement. Japan asked to procure four KC-46A aerial refueling planes equipped with Raytheon-made (NYSE: RTN) ALR-69A radar warning receivers and MAGR 2K miniaturized airborne GPS receivers, as well as Northrop Grumman-built (NYSE: NOC) AN/AAQ-24(V) large aircraft infrared countermeasures, the Defense Security Cooperation Agency said Wednesday. DSCA said Japan will use the aircraft and related services to support security operations in the Pacific region and efforts to build up the country’s national security posture. Other major defense equipment that the deal covers include a spare of Pratt &Whitney-built PW4062 turbofan engine as well as guardian laser terminal assemblies and ultra-violet missile warning systems for Northrop’s LAIRCM system. The FMS transaction also includes KC-46A airframes, AN/ARC-210 radios, APX-119 identification friend or foe transponders, repair parts, engineering, technical assistance, training resources, publications, depot maintenance, contractor representative support, flight test and certification, and logistics services. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags aerial refueling ALR-69A AN/AAQ 24(V) Boeing defense security cooperation agency dsca featured FMS foreign military sales agreement govcon Japan KC-46A Pegasus LAIRCM large aircraft infrared countermeasures system Northrop Grumman Pratt & Whitney radar warning receiver Raytheon State Department tanker aircraft Related Articles State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms November 18, 2016 Check Also Ensco Wins $145M AF Space & Missile Systems Center Support Contract Ensco has won a potential six-year, $145 million contract to perform systems engineering and integration efforts … Army Picks 3 Companies for $75M Horizontal Construction Services Contract AECOM (NYSE: ACM), Granite Construction and Kiewit Infrastructure West have won a $75 million shared contract for horizontal construction … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit November 18, 2016 State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms November 18, 2016 Ensco Wins $145M AF Space & Missile Systems Center Support Contract November 18, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 9,038 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,529 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,393 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,436 BC Partners, Medina Capital Seek to Add Analytics, Machine Learning Tools to Cyber JV Via Brainspace Purchase November 7, 2016 2,136 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force DOD press release U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz SC3 Appoints Natl Security Industry Vet Susan Holley as Business Devt SVP Mitre Appoints Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan to Board of Trustees AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments @Follow Me CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit https://t.co/SWCrIKMUC1 #cae #canada22 mins ago .@StateDept clears potential $21B F-15 sale to Qatar #GovCon https://t.co/Ko5OV5E9n12 hours ago .@StateDept OKs $10B sale of @Boeing $BA Super Hornet, @northropgrumman $NOC, @Raytheon $RTN tools to Kuwait #GovCon https://t.co/nTGtzF6GqJ2 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Events 2017 Top 50 Event Best Practices Magazine Diversity Jobs DiversityInc Top 50 2016 Top 50 List About the Top 50 Process Participate in the Top 50 Methodology FAQ Top 50 Lists Since 2001 Ask the White Guy Things NOT to Say Career Advice Diversity Management Diversity Facts News Healthcare Register Now DiversityInc's 2017 Top 50 Announcement Dinner & Learning Sessions   May 2 | Cipriani Wall Street | New York City   You are here: Home » News » Boeing Announces $6 Million in Grants to Support Education in Washington Boeing Announces $6 Million in Grants to Support Education in Washington Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Recommended Articles Boeing Opens First St. Louis Commercial Airplanes Facility Japan Airlines Extends Boeing Parts Solutions Agreement 10 years Boeing Forecasts World Air Cargo Traffic to Grow Long Term as Economy Strengthens Boeing, Nok Air Partner for Humanitarian Aid Flight Sodexo Launches Strategic Venture Capital Fund Dedicated to Accompanying Innovative Start-Ups Published September 22, 2016   Boeing (one of DiversityInc’s 25 Noteworthy Companies) has announced it is awarding $6 million in grants to more than 50 nonprofit organizations and education institutions across Washington. The grants are geared toward programs that enhance STEM, workforce training, and educational and career pathway opportunities for students – particularly for underserved students who have not historically pursued these career paths. Included in these grants is $1 million to further support students seeking a STEM education and enhanced learning opportunities at local universities. Boeing expects a substantial portion of its Washington workforce to retire during the next several years and is working to ensure that students in the state have the education and skills to fill these openings and move with the company into its second century. These grants support Boeing’s long-standing commitment to Washington and will prepare the workforce for these opportunities in the near future. “Boeing will be a significant jobs provider in Washington for decades to come. Our hope and goal is that those future jobs will continue to be filled by kids who grow up right here in the state,” said Boeing Commercial Airplanes President and CEO Ray Conner. “We are working hard today to give Washington students opportunities for employment within aerospace, manufacturing and other STEM-related fields when they graduate. Despite the always dynamic aerospace industry, Boeing remains consistent in its investment in our future here in Washington.” The university grants awarded by Boeing are: University of Washington (UW): $500,000 to help under-represented high school students attend and succeed at UW, including support for the Dream Project, which trains students to mentor first-generation and low-income high school students. Washington State University (WSU): $250,000 to support new coursework and equip new labs at WSU’s North Puget Sound atEverett campus, currently scheduled to open in 2017. The campus’ new Fabrication Lab will be named the Boeing Innovation Studio. Seattle University: $250,000 for the College of Science and Engineering to improve retention rates of non-traditional students in undergraduate engineering and computer science programs. The additional $5 million in grants, ranging from $25,000 to $550,000, are designed to provide a continuum of learning and education resources for Washington’s younger residents. Some of the largest grants will support: Thrive Washington and its focus upon early learning; Washington STEM and its K-12 learning initiatives; and SkillUp Washington and its manufacturing pathways partnership with community and technical colleges. Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Tags: Boeing Seattle University Sponsored Content The Boeing Company University of Washington Washington State University Author: DiversityInc Staff Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-Mail (will not be published) (required) Signup Please select the DiversityInc newsletters/alerts that you would like to receive. News Events Web Seminars DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Magazine Follow DiversityInc Find A Job Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs What eg. Web Designer Where eg. New York, NY or 90210 BEST PRACTICES   Member-Only! Difference Between Mentoring, Coaching & Sponsorship 5 Tips for Keeping High-Potential Women How to Reach Middle Managers Web Seminar: DiversityInc Top 50 Best Practices With EY, Merck Meeting in a Box: Women’s History Month Latest TweetsMy Tweets Like Us on Facebook ABOUT CONTACT US DiversityInc Top 50 2016 Top 50 List About the Top 50 Process Participate in the Top 50 Methodology FAQ Top 50 Lists Since 2001 Products and Services Benchmarking/Consulting DiversityInc Best Practices Events Job Board Magazine Webinar Series Media Kit 2016 Editorial Calendar DiversityInc Magazine Specs Rate Card and Circulation Advertise on DiversityInc.com DiversityInc Best Practices Event Sponsorship Information Publicity Package Online Job Board © Copyright 2016 — DiversityInc. All Rights Reserved Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. ×
null
null
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives US begins unblocking jetliner sales to Iran By: Reuters 22-Sep-16 Popular Authorities Identify Junaid Khan as hero who prevented large scale massacre 02-Sep-16 Authorities Identify Junaid Khan as hero who pr ... Rs8.4m generators for Sharifs, as nation bears load-shedding 01-Jul-16 Top News Ability to wage nuclear war at Trump’s ‘arm’s length’ 18-Nov-16 WASHINGTON: President-elect Do ... Bilawal appoints Kaira as party’s central president of Punjab 18-Nov-16   LAHORE: Former I ... PARIS/NEW YORK: The United States has begun unblocking deals by Western giants to sell jetliners to Iran in a move likely to ease complaints from Tehran over implementation of last year's sanctions deal, but test conservative opposition to the deals in both nations. Europe's Airbus (AIR.PA) said on Wednesday it had received US Treasury approval to begin exporting jets to Iran, under a deal for more than 100 jets struck in January. Hours later, its US rival Boeing (BA.N), which had been behind Airbus in the line for permits because its matching deal for over 100 jets came six months later, said it had received a sales license and remained in talks with Iran Air. [nL2N1BX1TJ] The US Treasury confirmed issuing two licenses. The move removes a key hurdle to one of the most high-profile deals between Iran and foreign companies since last year's agreement between Tehran and world powers to open up trade in exchange for curbs on the country's nuclear activities. But major questions remain over the financing of deals between Iran and Western plane makers that threaten to obstruct deliveries of the planes, in what is seen as a test case for Western trade and investment following the nuclear deal. "This sends a strong signal but it resolves only half the problem. The challenge to raise financing remains," Bertrand Grabowski, a managing director at German's DVB Bank, said. Foreign banks are reluctant to finance the aircraft deals, fearing they could fall foul of remaining US sanctions that prohibit the use of its financial system for Iranian business, something difficult to avoid in a complex global supply chain. With US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump strongly critical of the rapprochement, some banks fear they could be left with no insurance if Iran sanctions "snap back". The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to flag carrier IranAir would help modernize and expand the country's elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. But nine months after the first deal was signed, Iranian officials had voiced growing concerns about what they saw as unfair delays in obtaining U.S. licenses or clarity over banking and financing rules. Tehran's deputy roads and urban development minister told the CAPA Iran Aviation Finance Summit in Tehran this week that failing to clear the jet sales would put Washington in "breach" of the nuclear pact. OPPOSITION TO DEALS Diplomats say the new jets will allow pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani to argue the sanctions deal is working, several months ahead of Iranian presidential elections in May next year. But the deals remain strongly opposed by U.S. Republicans who say the jets could be misused for military purposes and by conservatives in Iran who oppose the country's more open stance and say the purchases will not benefit most Iranians. As the Obama administration moved to begin allowing the sales, Republicans blasted U.S. policy toward Iran. Paul Ryan, Speaker of the US House of Representatives, said the administration “bends over backwards” to help Iran. Airbus said it had been granted an initial license to supply 17 A320 or A330 jets that are slated for early delivery, and that it expected a second license for remaining jets in weeks. An Iranian official told Reuters this week a deal for 118 Airbus jets had been trimmed by six amid regulatory delays, and that a deal to buy or lease 109 Boeing aircraft, including 80 purchased directly, had been shaved to 108. Iran has also ordered up to 40 Franco-Italian ATR (AIR.PA) SIFI.MI turboprop planes needing US approval. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus E-Paper Aaj Kal Sunday Magazine Facebook Daily Times Instagram Twitter Tweets by @DailyTimes_DT SoundCloud sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
null
null
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version September 22, 2016 - 10:11 AMT SHARE Boeing obtains U.S. license for selling planes to Iran Boeing said Wednesday, September 21 it obtained a U.S. government license to complete a sale of planes to Iran Air, moving closer to the first such deal since the 1979 Islamic revolution, AFP says. The aerospace group said it remained in talks with Iran Air on a final sales agreement after the two sides reached a preliminary deal in June. The deal is valued at as much as $25 billion. "Any final sales agreement would have to adhere to the license we've been issued," said Boeing spokesman Mark Sklar. The June memorandum of understanding covered the sale of 80 planes to Iran Air. Boeing will also lease 29 other planes to Iranian national carrier under the deal. Additional sales would require another license, said a person familiar with the matter. Earlier Wednesday, Airbus announced that it obtained a first license from the United States to supply passenger jets to Iran, a key step towards fulfilling a multi-billion-dollar deal of its own. Iran had been an international pariah prior to the nuclear deal reached last year with world powers and the U.S.-Iran relationship remains one of mutual distrust, with the U.S. maintaining extensive sanctions on the Islamic republic. Boeing's deal with Iran drew scorn from some on Capitol Hill. Lawmakers on a panel in the House of Representatives enacted a measure to block the sales, but it did not win support in the full Congress. SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
null
' LM’s Legion Pod Tested Successfully F-15C | USAF Awards $355.9M Support Contract SA F-15 Fleet | 36th Anniversary of Iran’s 1980 Iraqi Invasion Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents LM’s Legion Pod Tested Successfully on F-15C | USAF Awards $355.9M Support Contract for SA F-15 Fleet | 36th Anniversary of Iran’s 1980 Iraqi Invasion Sep 22, 2016 00:58 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Americas Gen. Carlton Everhart, head of the mobility command of the USAF has said that the number of KC-46 tankers the service is set to procure by 2028 are not enough. 179 units of Boeing’s latest tanker will be delivered; however between 2028 and 2035, no KC-46s are scheduled for delivery, leaving a capability gap. To remedy the issue, Everhart suggested that the flying branch embark on a study this year for a new KC-Z aerial refueling tanker that will enter service in 2035, as well as looking into the possibility of developing a “KC-Y” tanker to fill the procurement gap. Development is underway at the Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey, for a new multi-purpose grenade for the US Army. The Enhanced Tactical Multi-Purpose (ET-MP) hand grenade is being developed by the Army Armament Research, Development and Engineering Center and will provide US Army and USMC with a grenade that offers both fragmentation and blast overpressure through a flip of a switch. Fuze timing of the new grenade will be completely electronic and detonation time can be narrowed down to milliseconds. Until armed, the weapon is completely safe. Lockheed Martin has installed and tested its Legion Pod on a US F-15C aircraft. The disclosure revealed that a fighter from the Jacksonville Air National Guard Base in Florida has been equipped with the new pod for testing. According to Paul Lemmo, vice president of Fire Control at LM, one flight successfully saw the IRST21 infrared sensor installed at the tip of the pod “successfully track multiple airborne targets in representative scenarios.” Middle East & North Africa Saudi Arabia’s Al Raha Group has successfully been awarded a USAF contract to provide support to the Saudi Arabian F-15 fleet. Valued at $355.9 million, Al Raha will provide comprehensive material management of unclassified spares, support equipment, and support services required to support base stand-ups and continued F-15 and F-15SA Royal Saudi Air Force flying operations. Work will be carried out both in Georgia, USA and in Saudi Arabia. US officials have blamed Russia for air strikes on aid convoys outside the Syrian city of Aleppo earlier this week, a claim Moscow denies. The incident happened just hours after a tentative week long ceasefire had ended, and resulted in the destruction of 18 of 31 aid trucks, with about 20 civilians killed including a senior official of the Syrian Arab Red Crescent. Europe A deal has been signed between Latvia and Lithuania to synchronize military procurements for the two countries’ armed forces. Under the agreement, the envisioned joint procurements include deals to acquire fire-distribution centers for Lithuania’s and Latvia’s air defense, anti-tank missiles, and short-range anti-aircraft missiles. The agreement marks the latest development in the ongoing drama on NATO’s eastern region, as former-Soviet Baltic nations rush to enhance their military cooperation and boost merge defense capacities against Russia. Asia Pacific Taiwan’s Ministry of National Defense has dismissed claims that it has abandoned its Yun Feng ballistic missile program. Media reports had said Taipei had dropped the missile’s development in order to offer a goodwill gesture to China. The project, which was initiated in the mid-1990s, had been suspended in 2008 with media now reporting that the new administration of President Tsai Ing-wen had dropped it for good. Spokesperson Maj. Gen. Chen Chung-chi said the report was “mere speculation.” Iran’s establishment marked the 36th anniversary of its 1980 invasion of Iraq with a huge military parade and a warning to the US to not meddle in the affairs of the Gulf. A televised parade in Tehran yesterday saw the military display long-range missiles, tanks, and the Russian-supplied S-300 surface-to-air missile defense system, while at the port of Bandar Abbas on the Gulf, the navy showed off 500 vessels, as well as submarines and helicopters. The muscle-flexing comes in a year when US officials claim that there have been more than 30 close encounters between US and Iranian vessels in the Gulf so far, over twice as many as in the same period of 2015. Today’s Video South Korea’s new AH-64Es: Advertisement Categories: Daily Rapid Fire Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
