Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Manufacturers > Boeing logs 10 commercial aircraft orders, 43 deliveries in January Boeing logs 10 commercial aircraft orders, 43 deliveries in January Feb 9, 2017 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Photo Gallery: This Week in Aviation-Feb. 6-10, 2017 Advertisement Boeing recorded firm orders for 10 commercial aircraft in January, valued at approximately $1.6 billion at list prices, besting rival Airbus’ January order tally by six aircraft and over $500,000 in sales.  Boeing’s January orders* included two 787-9s for Nigeria’s Arik Air (which canceled a 2011 order for two 747-8Is in favor of the new 787s); and orders from three separate unidentified customers, the largest being a Jan. 10 order for five 737 MAXs (variant unspecified). The other two unidentified customer orders were for two 737-800s and a 777F, respectively. Boeing’s January commercial deliveries totaled 43 aircraft to 20 airlines, four lessors and one unidentified customer, compared to Airbus’ 25 commercial aircraft delivered to 16 airlines and five lessors. Boeing’s January deliveries included seven 737-800s to Ryanair, four aircraft to American Airlines (two 737-800s and two 787-9s) and three aircraft to China’s Xiamen Airlines (two 737-800s and a 787-9). Both Air India and Royal Jordanian Airlines took delivery of a 787-8 aircraft during the month. Additional 787-9 deliveries in January went to Aeromexico, Air Canada (which took two), Etihad Airways, China’s Hainan Airways, US lessor International Lease Finance Co., and an unidentified customer. US lessor Air Lease Corp. and Kuwait Airways each took delivery of a single 777-300ER aircraft during the month, and Alaska Airlines, Delta Air Lines and China’s Okay Airways each took delivery of a 737-900ER. *Note: ATW does not count military, government or private customer orders or deliveries in its commercial aircraft tallies. All quoted order values are based on current list prices. In its January orders and deliveries results released Feb. 9, Boeing also reported a Jan. 30 order for 15 767-2Cs for the BDS USAF Tanker Program.  Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing commercial aircraft deliveries up 5.4% in 2015   Boeing logs over $6 billion in April commercial aircraft orders   Boeing logged 85 commercial aircraft orders in October   Airbus and Boeing May 2015 O&D roundup   Boeing January 2016 O&D Roundup   Blogs & Commentary Jan 30, 2017 blog Protesters at Washington Dulles are happy, well behaved I took an international flight out of Washington Dulles Sunday evening so stepped down to the international arrivals lounge curious to see what was happening in light of the Trump travel ban that ignited protests over the weekend....More Jan 24, 2017 blog Alitalia, the airline that broke the camel’s back? Can Alitalia ever be a good-news story? It appears not for Etihad Airways, the Abu Dhabi-based airline that has become the latest in a line of companies to see potential in the Italian flag carrier but for whom good news seems an increasingly distant prospect....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Feb 9, 2017 Article ATW Plus Europe working on ATC strike guidelines   Europe’s airlines, air navigation service providers (ANSP) and regulators are working on a set of guidelines to minimize the impact of disruptive air traffic control (ATC) strikes....More Feb 3, 2017 Article Lufthansa embraces data analysis to offer passengers customized service Lufthansa Group is aiming to offer passengers service “personalized on a silver tray” by utilizing “predictive analytics” to determine what offerings individual customers want, a senior executive said....More Feb 3, 2017 Article Lufthansa unveils first A350 XWB with new cabin interior Lufthansa unveiled the first of 25 Airbus A350-900s Feb. 2 in Munich after Lufthansa Technik completed the cabin installation....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Transportation Boeing's $14 billion Singapore Air order does not fill 777, 787 gap: CEO Thursday, 9 Feb 2017 | 5:43 PM ETReuters SHARES Roslan Rahman | AFP | Getty Images A Singapore Airlines 777 plane prepares to land at Changi International airport in Singapore on April 8, 2016. Boeing must sell more 777 and 787 jetliners to keep production plans on track, despite a $13.8 billion order that landed earlier on Thursday, its chief executive said. The order from high-profile customer Singapore Airlines is a strong endorsement of both planes, and could lift sales in a sluggish market if other carriers follow Singapore Air's lead, analysts said. But the win over rival Airbus did not lessen two big risks Boeing faces, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on Thursday at a conference in New York hosted by Cowen and Co. Sales of Boeing's highly profitable 777s have slowed so much that Boeing is cutting production 40 percent this year to cope as it begins switching to the successor 777X model that Singapore Airlines ordered. "When I take a look at risk areas, filling out the 777 bridge is the area that we're focused on," Muilenburg said, referring to the production spanning the two models. show chapters Trade, Trump are potential risks for Boeing    Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 9:44 PM ET | 02:45 Boeing also must sell more 787s so it can proceed with plans to lift output to 14 planes a month from 12 in the next few years, Muilenburg said. That increase has looked iffy and some investors have worried Boeing would abandon it. Muilenburg said Boeing still plans to lift 787 output and currently does not envision a scenario that would require cutting 787 output below 12 a month. Boeing shares were up 0.4 percent at $164.42 in afternoon trading. The Singapore Airlines order is a boost for the 787 assembly line, but it does not help with slow 777 sales, since the order is for the newer 777X model. Muilenburg said the airplane market is still "very healthy" with passenger traffic growing 5 percent to 6 percent a year, well ahead of GDP rates. But airlines have deferred delivery of about 2 percent of Boeing's backlog, double the figure Muilenburg cited in July, though well below historical averages. Boeing has already cut 777 output to 7 planes a month from 8.3, and will trim it to 5 a month in August. Deliveries - which generate the bulk of airline payments - will actually fall to about 3.5 a month as Boeing builds 777X test planes in the next few years, he said. show chapters Boeing needs to book more orders: Analyst    Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 5:40 PM ET | 02:02 Even with those reductions, Boeing has to sell a few more 777s to fill out production this year and has 10 percent of production unsold in 2018 and 2019. Those figures include the planned sale of 80 planes to Iran, including 15 Boeing 777s, Muilenburg said. Muilenburg voiced confidence that the Iran sale would go through despite the potential political and bureaucratic hurdles. "These are airplanes that support American manufacturing jobs," he said. "The economic value to the U.S. is real." He also saw prospects for more U.S. defense sales, noting "re-emerging strength" in the defense budget. And, he said Boeing's KC-46 aerial tanker for the U.S. Air Force, which has incurred about $2.4 billion in cost overruns, is expected to begin generating positive cash flow next year. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
  Universe TodaySpace and astronomy news Login Login Home Members Guide to Space Carnival Photos Videos Forum Contact Privacy Artists concept of first commercially funded airlock on the space station being developed by NanoRacks that will launch on a commercial resupply mission in 2019. It will be installed on the station’s Tranquility module. Credits: NanoRacks Astronauts, Boeing, Commercial Space, Earth, International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, NASA NASA Approves First Commercial Airlock for Space Station Science and SmallSat Deployment Article Updated: 9 Feb , 2017 by Ken Kremer Artists concept of first commercially funded airlock on the space station being developed by NanoRacks that will launch on a commercial resupply mission in 2019. It will be installed on the station’s Tranquility module. Credits: NanoRacks In a significant move towards further expansion of the International Space Station’s (ISS) burgeoning research and commercial space economy capabilities, NASA has approved the development of the first privately developed airlock and is targeting blastoff to the orbiting lab complex in two years. Plans call for the commercial airlock to be launched on a commercial cargo vessel and installed on the U.S. segment of the ISS in 2019. It enhances the US capability to place equipment and payloads outside and should triple the number of small satellites like CubeSats able to be deployed. The privately funded commercial airlock is being developed by Nanoracks in partnership with Boeing, which is the prime contractor for the space station. The airlock will be installed on an open port on the Tranquility module – that already is home to the seven windowed domed Cupola observation deck and the commercial BEAM expandable module built by Bigelow Aerospace. “We want to utilize the space station to expose the commercial sector to new and novel uses of space, ultimately creating a new economy in low-Earth orbit for scientific research, technology development and human and cargo transportation,” said Sam Scimemi, director, ISS Division at NASA Headquarters in Washington, in a statement. “We hope this new airlock will allow a diverse community to experiment and develop opportunities in space for the commercial sector.” The airlock will launch aboard one of NASA’s commercial cargo suppliers in 2019. But the agency has not specified which contractor. The candidates include the SpaceX cargo Dragon, an enhanced ATK Cygnus or potentially the yet to fly SNC Dream Chaser. Boeing will supply the airlock’s Passive Common Berthing Mechanism (CBM) hardware to connect it to the Tranquility module. Artists concept of first commercially funded airlock on the space station being developed by NanoRacks that will launch on a commercial resupply mission in 2019. It will be installed on the station’s Tranquility module. Credits: NanoRacks The airlock will beef up the capability of transferring equipment, payloads and deployable satellites from inside the ISS to outside, significantly increasing the utilization of ISS, says Boeing. “The International Space Station allows NASA to conduct cutting-edge research and technology demonstrations for the next giant leap in human exploration and supports an emerging space economy in low-Earth orbit. Deployment of CubeSats and other small satellite payloads from the orbiting laboratory by commercial customers and NASA has increased in recent years. To support demand, NASA has accepted a proposal from NanoRacks to develop the first commercially funded airlock on the space station,” says NASA. “The installation of NanoRacks’ commercial airlock will help us keep up with demand,” said Boeing International Space Station program manager Mark Mulqueen. “This is a big step in facilitating commercial business on the ISS.” Right now the US uses the airlock on the Japanese Experiment Module (JEM) to place payloads on the stations exterior as well as for small satellite deployments. But the demand is outstripping the JEM’s availability. The Nanoracks airlock will be larger and more robust to take up the slack. NASA has stipulated that the Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS), NASA’s manager of the U.S. National Laboratory on the space station, will be responsible for coordinating all payload deployments from the commercial airlock – NASA and non NASA. “We are entering a new chapter in the space station program where the private sector is taking on more responsibilities. We see this as only the beginning and are delighted to team with our friends at Boeing,” said Jeffrey Manber, CEO of NanoRacks. The NanoRacks commercial airlock could potentially launch to the ISS in the trunk of a SpaceX cargo Dragon. This Up close view shows the SpaceX Dragon CRS-9 resupply ship and solar panels sitting atop a Falcon 9 rocket at pad 40 prior to blastoff to the ISS on July 18, 2016 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Stay tuned here for Ken’s continuing Earth and Planetary science and human spaceflight news. Ken Kremer Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related By Ken Kremer  -       Dr. Ken Kremer is a speaker, research scientist, freelance science journalist (Princeton, NJ) and photographer whose articles, space exploration images and Mars mosaics have appeared in magazines, books, websites and calendars including Astronomy Picture of the Day, NBC, FOX, BBC, SPACE.com, Spaceflight Now, Science and the covers of Aviation Week & Space Technology, Spaceflight and the Explorers Club magazines. Ken has presented at numerous educational institutions, civic & religious organizations, museums and astronomy clubs. Ken has reported first hand from the Kennedy Space Center, Cape Canaveral, NASA Wallops, NASA Michoud/Stennis/Langley and on over 70 launches including 8 shuttle launches. He lectures on both Human and Robotic spaceflight - www.kenkremer.com. Follow Ken on Facebook and Twitter Can We Launch Nuclear Waste Into the Sun? This Is The Highest Resolution Image Of Europa We Have … For Now Boeing, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, cargo dragon, commercial resupply services (CRS), Commercial Space, CRS, cubesats, Cygnus cargo vessel, Featured, International Space Station (ISS), ISS, kennedy space center, NanoRacks, NASA, smallsats, SNC Dream Chaser Related posts First SpaceX Falcon 9 Erected at Historic Launch Pad 39A for Feb. 18 Blastoff What is the Surface Area of the Earth? The Centaurus Constellation Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Comments RSS Feed Subscribe to Universe Today via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 6,073 other subscribers Email Address Solar System The Sun Mercury Venus Earth Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune Pluto © Copyright 2017    Universe Today TOP Powered by Fraser Cain Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Close Help make Universe Today better today! See no ads, get videos early, hang out with the team
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionServicesMedia/EntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Communication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 10 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,3344.55 NIFTY 50 8,79415.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,190101.00 USD/INR 66.880.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 end flat after choppy trade; TCS, Infosys surge 2% each Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Singapore airlines places $13.8 billion wide-body boeing order By Reuters | Updated: Feb 10, 2017, 01.37 AM IST Post a Comment Singapore’s flagship carrier had been seen as a key potential launch customer for the proposed jet. Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here SINGAPORE: Singapore Airlines announced a $13.8 billion provisional order to buy 39 Boeing wide-body aircraft as it pursues expansion opportunities, dealing a setback for Airbus in the battle of big twinjets between the two manufacturers. SIA signed a letter of intent with Boeing for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s to tap additional passenger growth and to modernize its fleet over the next decade. Additional options for the two aircraft types could take the deal to as many as 51 aircraft. The agreement leaves questions over Airbus proposals to develop a larger 400-seat version of its A350 passenger jet to compete with the 406-seat Boeing 777-9. Singapore’s flagship carrier had been seen as a key potential launch customer for the proposed jet, but Airbus last year postponed a decision on whether to launch the new project amid pressure on demand for wide-body jets. The deal is a boost for Boeing as the US company seeks both to maintain momentum for its newest version of 777. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! Milaap Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood Union Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir DesaiMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Here's how Donald Trump' win will impact India Companies moving to real-time performance appraisals To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Beijing’s repeated Masood Azhar act at UN tarnishing its international reputation Governor Vidyasagar Rao rules out Sasikala for Tamil Nadu CM, say reports Demonetisation has hit India's industrial production, admits Arun Jaitley Sasikala seeks to tighten grip, but suspense continues BJP banks on last-minute change of heart of Jats More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Budget 2017|Elections 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Two Fools examine upcoming backlog numbers, market share, new model plans, and more to see which airplane manufacturer is positioned to come out on top. Motley Fool Staff Feb 9, 2017 at 2:22PM In this clip from Industry Focus: Industrials, Sean O'Reilly and contributor Adam Levine-Weinberg examine two of the biggest aircraft manufacturers to see which one is better positioned to dominate the market in the next five years. Listen in to find out what future orders numbers look like for both companies, how both companies have performed in the last five years, how Boeing (NYSE:BA) has unlocked an entirely new market that Airbus can't tap into, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 26, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: What's the marketplace look like right now? What's Boeing's backlog? It's some enormous number, in the hundreds of billions or trillions or something. Adam Levine-Weinberg: Yeah, it's been hovering for the last few years in the $450 [billion] to $500 billion range. O'Reilly: Of all the future orders, they may or may not happen, but bottom line, they have this backlog of future orders. You hear, like, Qatar bought like $50 billion worth of planes from Airbus. So what does it look like today with the market in terms of market share and all that stuff? Levine-Weinberg: In terms of overall market share, Airbus is a little bit higher in terms of the orders for the future. But in terms of annual sales -- that's what's being delivered in each year right now -- Boeing still has a little bit of an advantage. That will probably, at least, it might flip at some point. Obviously, if Airbus continues to have more orders than Boeing, then eventually it will be building more planes than Boeing. O'Reilly: So future orders are higher for Airbus. Levine-Weinberg: Exactly. O'Reilly: Was there ever a time where Airbus was way in the lead, or has Boeing been it for ... Levine-Weinberg: This being over the past five years, particularly since the A320neo went on sale, that's really where Airbus has built up this advantage. For a long time, the A320s and 737s were splitting that single-aisle market pretty evenly, but Airbus was at a big disadvantage on the wide bodies. Now, they're even split or thereabouts on the widebodies, and the single-aisle planes Airbus is starting to gain an advantage. So, basically, when we look at the market, Boeing has really done some pretty innovative things in the way that the Dreamliner -- this is the 787 -- has opened up a lot of new markets for airlines. They basically created a plane that is small on the widebody scale; it can seat, typically, 200 to 250 people in a three-class layout where you have lie flat, first class, and that kind of stuff. And it can still fly 8,000 miles around the world, whereas usually only the biggest jets in the past were able to do that. O'Reilly: And those are hard to fill up. That's the trick, right? Levine-Weinberg: Right. What happened was, either you had to put all your flights through one or two very big hubs to generate the traffic, or you had to sell a lot of fares at really low prices that weren't profitable. Great for travelers; not great for the airlines, typically. So basically, Boeing has created this plane that has opened up new markets -- 6,000- to 7,000-mile flights where it was never possible before to profitably fly that on a nonstop basis. O'Reilly: So that was a bit of a brilliant move on their part. Levine-Weinberg: It really was. Boeing and Airbus had different philosophies. Airbus developed the A380, which is this enormous plane, two decks along the entire length of it, can seat 500-600 people. Their idea was, air traffic keeps growing at a really quick rate, it's doubling every 15-20 years, so we just need bigger planes. And that's true, except that Boeing said, "Wait, rather than having everybody continue to go through these hubs and just make them bigger and bigger, why don't we let people go nonstop on routes where you couldn't go nonstop until there was enough of a critical mass of traffic?" And so they had different philosophies. The result is that, right now, Boeing has better coverage of the full market. They have their narrowbodies, which are the shorter-haul flights, usually less than 3,000 miles, and between 120 to 200 seats at the most at the high end of the range. Then they have the small widebody with the 787, and they also have the 777, which is a somewhat larger widebody, which is more in the 250- to 350-seat range. That actually has a new version coming out that's going to make it even bigger and stretch that range up to as many as 400 seats. Airbus, by contrast, they also are very strong, even stronger, in fact, on the narrowbody side, where they have, especially, the largest variant of the A320, which is called the A321, which has really taken off, seen a lot of interest from airlines, because it reduces the cost per seat the more seats you can put on the same version of a plane. The A321 is just better suited to that market than Boeing's largest narrowbody is right now. So Boeing kind of needs to respond to that, and they're very close, potentially, to announcing an even larger version of the 737 that would get it closer in size to the A321. But, after the A321, there's a big gap in Airbus' lineup, where they don't have a lot in the 200- to 250-seat range like Boeing does. O'Reilly: Yeah. It's probably 20/20 in hindsight, but that seems like they dropped the ball there. Levine-Weinberg: Yeah. They've talked about how they've come up with new cabin configurations for the A321, where you can cram more seats on it, but then that starts to give up their advantage in terms of comfort, because some of that comes from actually coming up with a better way of organizing the plane. But for the most part, it's shrinking seats, it's shrinking in the bathroom, it's doing all kinds of stuff, shrinking the galleys, so that they can't serve food out of them anymore. It's really not as easy as Airbus' management has made it seem. So as a practical matter, most airlines aren't going to take them up on the possibility of putting 220 seats onto an A321. It's only going to be the ultra-budget airlines that are going to do that. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Feb 9, 2017 at 2:22PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project 2017: The Year the Air Force Picks Its New Plane Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing's $14 bln Singapore Air order does not fill 777, 787 gap -CEO By Reuters Published: 16:12 EST, 9 February 2017 | Updated: 16:12 EST, 9 February 2017 e-mail By Alwyn Scott NEW YORK, Feb 9 (Reuters) - Boeing Co must sell more 777 and 787 jetliners to keep production plans on track, despite a $13.8 billion order that landed earlier on Thursday, its chief executive said. The order from high-profile customer Singapore Airlines is a strong endorsement of both planes, and could lift sales in a sluggish market if other carriers follow Singapore Air's lead, analysts said. But the win over rival Airbus did not lessen two big risks Boeing faces, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on Thursday at a conference in New York hosted by Cowen and Co. Sales of Boeing's highly profitable 777s have slowed so much that Boeing is cutting production 40 percent this year to cope as it begins switching to the successor 777X model that Singapore Airlines ordered. "When I take a look at risk areas, filling out the 777 bridge is the area that we're focused on," Muilenburg said, referring to the production spanning the two models. Boeing also must sell more 787s so it can proceed with plans to lift output to 14 planes a month from 12 in the next few years, Muilenburg said. That increase has looked iffy and some investors have worried Boeing would abandon it. Muilenburg said Boeing still plans to lift 787 output and currently does not envision a scenario that would require cutting 787 output below 12 a month. Boeing shares were up 0.4 percent at $164.42 in afternoon trading. The Singapore Airlines order is a boost for the 787 assembly line, but it does not help with slow 777 sales, since the order is for the newer 777X model. Muilenburg said the airplane market is still "very healthy" with passenger traffic growing 5 percent to 6 percent a year, well ahead of GDP rates. But airlines have deferred delivery of about 2 percent of Boeing's backlog, double the figure Muilenburg cited in July, though well below historical averages. Boeing has already cut 777 output to 7 planes a month from 8.3, and will trim it to 5 a month in August. Deliveries - which generate the bulk of airline payments - will actually fall to about 3.5 a month as Boeing builds 777X test planes in the next few years, he said. Even with those reductions, Boeing has to sell a few more 777s to fill out production this year and has 10 percent of production unsold in 2018 and 2019. Those figures include the planned sale of 80 planes to Iran, including 15 Boeing 777s, Muilenburg said. Muilenburg voiced confidence that the Iran sale would go through despite the potential political and bureaucratic hurdles. "These are airplanes that support American manufacturing jobs," he said. "The economic value to the U.S. is real." He also saw prospects for more U.S. defense sales, noting "re-emerging strength" in the defense budget. And, he said Boeing's KC-46 aerial tanker for the U.S. Air Force, which has incurred about $2.4 billion in cost overruns, is expected to begin generating positive cash flow next year. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Tom Brown and Leslie Adler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Two Fools examine upcoming backlog numbers, market share, new model plans, and more to see which airplane manufacturer is positioned to come out on top. Motley Fool Staff Feb 9, 2017 at 2:22PM In this clip from Industry Focus: Industrials, Sean O'Reilly and contributor Adam Levine-Weinberg examine two of the biggest aircraft manufacturers to see which one is better positioned to dominate the market in the next five years. Listen in to find out what future orders numbers look like for both companies, how both companies have performed in the last five years, how Boeing (NYSE:BA) has unlocked an entirely new market that Airbus can't tap into, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 26, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: What's the marketplace look like right now? What's Boeing's backlog? It's some enormous number, in the hundreds of billions or trillions or something. Adam Levine-Weinberg: Yeah, it's been hovering for the last few years in the $450 [billion] to $500 billion range. O'Reilly: Of all the future orders, they may or may not happen, but bottom line, they have this backlog of future orders. You hear, like, Qatar bought like $50 billion worth of planes from Airbus. So what does it look like today with the market in terms of market share and all that stuff? Levine-Weinberg: In terms of overall market share, Airbus is a little bit higher in terms of the orders for the future. But in terms of annual sales -- that's what's being delivered in each year right now -- Boeing still has a little bit of an advantage. That will probably, at least, it might flip at some point. Obviously, if Airbus continues to have more orders than Boeing, then eventually it will be building more planes than Boeing. O'Reilly: So future orders are higher for Airbus. Levine-Weinberg: Exactly. O'Reilly: Was there ever a time where Airbus was way in the lead, or has Boeing been it for ... Levine-Weinberg: This being over the past five years, particularly since the A320neo went on sale, that's really where Airbus has built up this advantage. For a long time, the A320s and 737s were splitting that single-aisle market pretty evenly, but Airbus was at a big disadvantage on the wide bodies. Now, they're even split or thereabouts on the widebodies, and the single-aisle planes Airbus is starting to gain an advantage. So, basically, when we look at the market, Boeing has really done some pretty innovative things in the way that the Dreamliner -- this is the 787 -- has opened up a lot of new markets for airlines. They basically created a plane that is small on the widebody scale; it can seat, typically, 200 to 250 people in a three-class layout where you have lie flat, first class, and that kind of stuff. And it can still fly 8,000 miles around the world, whereas usually only the biggest jets in the past were able to do that. O'Reilly: And those are hard to fill up. That's the trick, right? Levine-Weinberg: Right. What happened was, either you had to put all your flights through one or two very big hubs to generate the traffic, or you had to sell a lot of fares at really low prices that weren't profitable. Great for travelers; not great for the airlines, typically. So basically, Boeing has created this plane that has opened up new markets -- 6,000- to 7,000-mile flights where it was never possible before to profitably fly that on a nonstop basis. O'Reilly: So that was a bit of a brilliant move on their part. Levine-Weinberg: It really was. Boeing and Airbus had different philosophies. Airbus developed the A380, which is this enormous plane, two decks along the entire length of it, can seat 500-600 people. Their idea was, air traffic keeps growing at a really quick rate, it's doubling every 15-20 years, so we just need bigger planes. And that's true, except that Boeing said, "Wait, rather than having everybody continue to go through these hubs and just make them bigger and bigger, why don't we let people go nonstop on routes where you couldn't go nonstop until there was enough of a critical mass of traffic?" And so they had different philosophies. The result is that, right now, Boeing has better coverage of the full market. They have their narrowbodies, which are the shorter-haul flights, usually less than 3,000 miles, and between 120 to 200 seats at the most at the high end of the range. Then they have the small widebody with the 787, and they also have the 777, which is a somewhat larger widebody, which is more in the 250- to 350-seat range. That actually has a new version coming out that's going to make it even bigger and stretch that range up to as many as 400 seats. Airbus, by contrast, they also are very strong, even stronger, in fact, on the narrowbody side, where they have, especially, the largest variant of the A320, which is called the A321, which has really taken off, seen a lot of interest from airlines, because it reduces the cost per seat the more seats you can put on the same version of a plane. The A321 is just better suited to that market than Boeing's largest narrowbody is right now. So Boeing kind of needs to respond to that, and they're very close, potentially, to announcing an even larger version of the 737 that would get it closer in size to the A321. But, after the A321, there's a big gap in Airbus' lineup, where they don't have a lot in the 200- to 250-seat range like Boeing does. O'Reilly: Yeah. It's probably 20/20 in hindsight, but that seems like they dropped the ball there. Levine-Weinberg: Yeah. They've talked about how they've come up with new cabin configurations for the A321, where you can cram more seats on it, but then that starts to give up their advantage in terms of comfort, because some of that comes from actually coming up with a better way of organizing the plane. But for the most part, it's shrinking seats, it's shrinking in the bathroom, it's doing all kinds of stuff, shrinking the galleys, so that they can't serve food out of them anymore. It's really not as easy as Airbus' management has made it seem. So as a practical matter, most airlines aren't going to take them up on the possibility of putting 220 seats onto an A321. It's only going to be the ultra-budget airlines that are going to do that. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Feb 9, 2017 at 2:22PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project 2017: The Year the Air Force Picks Its New Plane Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Visa crackdown puts these rural doctors at risk World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Tough federal bank regulator calls it quits Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Young British men are earning less than previous generation Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury GM's Bolt EV ready to take on Tesla Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Growing India Boeing wants to cash in on India's military spending spree by Rishi Iyengar   @Iyengarish February 9, 2017: 4:08 AM ET Boeing shoots a plane into the air like a rocket Boeing is ramping up its efforts to win a bigger share of the billions India spends on military hardware. The aviation giant has announced it's setting up a new unit that will handle all its defense operations in the country. It will focus on building up a manufacturing and engineering base in addition to other services, the company said. India will be only the fourth country outside the U.S. where Boeing (BA) has a dedicated defense arm. The others are in the U.K., Australia and Saudi Arabia. India is on a weapons spending spree, shelling out more than $50 billion on military equipment last year. That's already more than Russia -- and India is projected to overtake the U.K. as the world's third largest defense buyer by 2018, according to IHS Jane's. Related: Aviation execs carrying wish list to Trump meeting Boeing has been aggressively expanding into the Indian market. The U.S. manufacturer announced an $11 billion deal last month to supply 100 new 737 Max 8 commercial aircraft to budget airline Spicejet. With India also shopping for new fighter jets, Boeing is showing that it's ready to compete with the likes of Lockheed Martin (LMT) and Swedish firm Saab -- both of which have offered to manufacture their combat aircraft in India. Lockheed has even said it's willing to make the South Asian country a global manufacturing hub for its F-16 jets. Boeing already supplies several military aircraft to India, including C-17 supply planes and its Apache and Chinook helicopters. It has also pitched its own fighter -- the F/A 18 Super Hornet -- to the Indian navy, a company representative told CNNMoney, and would potentially make them in the country if it wins the contract. Related: India could shell out $12 billion for new fighter jets The company appears eager to align itself with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' program, aimed at boosting local manufacturing. "We are making the changes necessary to position ourselves for future growth ... and accelerate our efforts to achieve the country's 'Make in India' vision," Leanne Caret, the company's head of defense, space and security, said in a statement. CNNMoney (New Delhi) First published February 9, 2017: 4:08 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending San Francisco is taxing the rich to pay for free community college Nordstrom stock defies Trump Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing CEO sees risk in slow sales of 777, 787 jetliners By Reuters Published: 14:27 EST, 9 February 2017 | Updated: 14:27 EST, 9 February 2017 e-mail NEW YORK, Feb 9 (Reuters) - Boeing Co must sell more 777 and 787 jetliners to keep production plans on track, despite a $13.8 billion order for both planes that landed on Thursday, the chief executive said. Slow 777 sales are one of the top risks facing Boeing in the next few years, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on Thursday at a New York conference hosted by Cowen and Co. Boeing also must sell more 787s so it can proceed with plans to lift output to 14 planes a month from 12 in the next few years, he said. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Tom Brown) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION February 11, 2017 | Last updated 4 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors11 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology1 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Disney seeks full control of Paris subsidiary Renewables Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air GCC defence spending ‘to rise’ in 2017 Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money2 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Boeing wins $14b wide-body jet order from Singapore Air The airline agreed to buy 20 777-9s, which are set to debut at the decade’s end, and 19 787-10s, the longest Dreamliner model for $13.8b in list prices Published: 20:07 February 9, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Chicago, Toulouse, London Boeing Co. won orders for 39 wide-body aircraft from Singapore Airlines Ltd. as Southeast Asia’s biggest long-distance carrier upgrades its fleet over the next decade with more fuel-efficient models in an effort to cut costs. The airline agreed to buy 20 777-9s, which are set to debut at the decade’s end, and 19 787-10s, the longest Dreamliner model, for $13.8 billion at list prices that don’t reflect customary discounts, Singapore Air said in a statement on Thursday. Boeing was nearing an order for at least 35 wide-body aircraft from Singapore Air, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Deliveries of the jets will start as early as in the financial year ending March 2021, the carrier said, adding it also has options to buy six more of each of the two models. The new deal would provide a critical boost to two high-profile Boeing products amid a tough market for twin-aisle jets. The Chicago-based company has been working hard to land sales of its upgraded 777X family after twice announcing it would cut output of current models. The new aircraft will replace some of Singapore Air’s ageing Boeing planes such as the 777-300ER, while giving the carrier’s low-cost units rights to jets not yet on the market. “Singapore is a deeply respected long-haul carrier, both in terms of brand quality and technical proficiency,” said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with Fairfax, Virginia-based Teal Group. “It would be a fantastic endorsement.” Shares of the airline rose 1.4 per cent to S$9.94 on Thursday in Singapore trading before the announcement.   Business travellers Singapore Air has ordered 67 of the A350-900 jets, including an ultra-long range version, as it courts business travellers with non-stop service to markets such as New York and Los Angeles. The Asian carrier’s current fleet includes 10 A350s, which Airbus says consume 25 per cent less fuel than Boeing’s 777 aircraft, with 57 more on order. The airline already has 30 787-10s on order, according to Boeing’s website. Singapore Air has also reviewed a proposed, longer version of the twin-engined 777 that would carry as many as 450 passengers, a load previously handled only by four-engine jumbo jets, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Buffeted by marquee Middle Eastern peers such as Emirates and regional budget operators, the only Asian carrier to have flown the Concorde has said it will maintain vigilance over its costs. Singapore Air, following two consecutive quarters of decline in profits, said Tuesday that 2017 will be another challenging year amid “tepid global economic conditions and geopolitical concerns.” The carrier is the launch customer for the 787-10, the first Boeing jetliner to be manufactured solely at its new North Charleston, South Carolina, campus. Deliveries are slated to begin next year. Singapore Air’s unit Scoot currently flies the carbon-composite 787-800 and 787-900 variants of the Dreamliners.   Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India NEW DELHI: Global defence and aviation major Boeing on Wednesday announced setting up of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local business entity, to support the company’s future growth in the country, said a company statement. “The BDI will serve as a framework enabling us to draw on the growth and productivity benefits that India can offer Boeing,” said Leanne Caret, President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Defense, Space and Security. Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India, will lead the new entity, said the statement. “Boeing has made accelerated investments to grow the manufacturing, skill development and engineering scale in the country,” Kumar was quoted in the release as having said. “With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with India’s Ministry of Defence to deliver advanced capability and readiness to India’s military customers and to develop a competitive supplier base in the country that is integrated into Boeing’s global supply chain,” Kumar added. — IANS More from Aviation Airlines fighting tech glitches every day 39 minutes ago EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air GCC defence spending ‘to rise’ in 2017 Air Arabia swings to Dh38.6m loss in Q4 Etihad Airways passenger numbers up 6% to 18.5m Watch: Emirates plane 'chases' Lamborghini Passengers up 20.5% at Doha airport to 37m tags from this storyIndia follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsIndia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNemirates airline Also In AviationAirlines fighting tech glitches every day Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge 02Watch: Emirates plane 'chases' Lamborghini 03Air Arabia swings to Dh38.6m loss in Q4 04Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air 05Gulf flight becomes world's longest journey 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial 2017 UAE holidays Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Newly-wed woman on bike killed in RAK Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 What excess sugar in diet does to your body UAE to adopt new entry visa system Close Recommended For You Hindus adapt to new lifestyles in PakistanPUBLISHED ON Feb 10, 2017 Last baby boomPUBLISHED ON Feb 10, 2017 Trump to Iran president: ‘Better be careful’PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Europe's best low-cost airline could be an issue for the Trump administration Benjamin Zhang Feb. 9, 2017, 11:42 AM 24,372 facebook linkedin twitter email print A Norwegian Air Boeing 787. Norwegian Air On Thursday, President Donald Trump met with leaders from the airline industry, and it's possible that one of the topics discussed was the controversial arrival of Norwegian Air International. In December, the US Department of Transportation finalized its decision to grant NAI approval to operate flights into the US. "This case is among the most novel and complex ever undertaken by the department," the DOT said in its final ruling on the matter. "Regardless of our appreciation of the public policy arguments raised by opponents, we have been advised that the law and our bilateral obligations leave us no avenue to reject this application." Many in the US airline industry, especially the unions that represent pilots and flight attendants, would like to see the Trump administration overturn the decision. But it's unclear what action, if any, the Trump administration would take against Norwegian. White House press secretary Sean Spicer indicated on Tuesday that the deal with Norwegian involves the hiring of large numbers of US-based pilots and cabin crew. Spicer also said that as a major customer for Boeing airplanes, Norwegian has significant economic interests in the US. "We are a big Boeing customer, so I think we do exactly what Trump would like everybody to do," Norwegian Air CEO Bjoern Kjos told Reuters on Wednesday. "Trump wants American jobs. We provide American jobs." Norwegian currently operates about 120 Boeing 737 and 787 airliners, with another 120 or so Boeing jets on order. NAI is one of several subsidiaries operating under the Norwegian banner. Unlike the rest of Norwegian, NAI is based in Dublin, instead of in Norway. Critics say this allows NAI to take advantage of Ireland's employment laws, which are significantly less stringent than Norway's. As a result, they say, NAI could hire pilots and cabin crew members from Asia at lower wages to fly transatlantic routes. The airline operates flights into the US using its Norway-registered Norwegian Long Haul subsidiary with Europe-based pilots and crew. Norwegian Air In a December statement, Edward Wytkind, president of the AFL-CIO's Transportation Trades Department, wrote: "Today's decision betrays America's aviation workers by granting a rogue, flag-of-convenience airline a permit to serve the United States. Unless reversed, this decision threatens a generation of US airline jobs and tells foreign airlines that scour the globe for cheap labor and lax employment laws that America is open for business. Clearly, a Norwegian-owned airline that is based in Ireland for the purpose of evading Norway's labor and tax laws, and that will hire crews under Asian contracts, is in violation of these explicit labor protections and should be denied entry into our marketplace." The Air Line Pilots Association, a union that represents 54,000 US and Canadian pilots, echoed the AFL-CIO's aggravation. "We are extremely disappointed by the Department of Transportation's decision to run roughshod over the US Open Skies agreement and allow Norwegian Air International to fly to and from the United States," ALPA President Tim Canoll said in a statement. "This decision is an affront to fair competition and will ultimately result in the loss of US jobs and, potentially, significant losses for the US international aviation industry." A Norwegian Air Boeing 787-8 interior. Norwegian In light of the DOT's ruling, Norwegian announced in December it would ramp up the hiring of American pilots and cabin crew. "In October this year, Norwegian announced it would open its first US pilot base at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport," Kjos said in a statement. "Now that we finally have our DOT approval for Norwegian Air International, I'm pleased to announce that we will also be opening a second and third pilot base in the US." The second and third crew bases will be in the New York and Greater Boston areas, Norwegian Air representative Anders Lindstrom told Business Insider. The initial group of 25 US pilots destined for the base in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, will begin training in March to fly the airline's fleet of Boeing 787 Dreamliners. Once the airline's new 737 MAX 8 airliners enter service in the middle of 2017, Norwegian is expected to hire another batch of US pilots for the New York and Greater Boston bases. According to Lindstrom, all pilots hired for the new US bases are either flying for another US airline or are American pilots flying overseas. Lindstrom also told Business Insider in April that the airline pays all its pilots "almost exactly" the same, regardless of where they are based. The airline said its New York base would have more than 300 cabin crew members by year's end, while its Fort Lauderdale base would have nearly 200. Norwegian expects to hire another 150 pilots and cabin crew members in the US in 2017. In 2018, Norwegian is eyeing the possibility of additional pilot and crew bases in Oakland, California, and LAX, Lindstrom said. Norwegian Air CEO Bjorn Kjos in the cockpit of a Boeing Dreamliner. Norwegian When the Boeing 737 MAXs arrive later this year, Norwegian will begin offering $69 tickets to Europe from secondary cities in the northeastern US. Norwegian Air CCO Thomas Ramdahl told The Wall Street Journal in December that the airline intends to set up a base at Stewart International Airport in upstate New York, and Bradley International Airport in Hartford, Connecticut, is also under consideration. In 2017, the airline is expected to receive nine 787s, six 737 MAXs, and 17 737 NGs. Norwegian — which in July was named the best low-cost airline in Europe by Skytrax for the fourth consecutive year — operates 450 routes with 150 destinations around the world. Skytrax reviewers also named Norwegian the best long-haul low-cost airline in the world. SEE ALSO: Trump's 'America First' policies catapulting Boeing into dangerous territory NOW WATCH: A Norwegian company invented a suitcase that turns into an in-flight bed for kids Loading video... More: BITranspo Airline Norwegian Air Trump administration facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Europe's best low-cost airline could be an issue for the Trump administration Europe's best low-cost airline could be an issue for the Trump administration On Thursday, President Donald Trump met with... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Singapore Airlines places US$14b wide-body Boeing order News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business Singapore Business Singapore Airlines places US$14b wide-body Boeing order Singapore Airlines announced a provisional order worth US$13.8 billion at list prices to buy 39 Boeing wide-body planes on Thursday as it battles Gulf carriers, dealing a blow to Airbus in the key market for big twinjets. Posted 09 Feb 2017 16:26 Updated 09 Feb 2017 23:53 FILE PHOTO - Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SINGAPORE/PARIS: Singapore Airlines (SIA) announced a provisional order worth US$13.8 billion at list prices to buy 39 Boeing wide-body planes on Thursday (Feb 9) as it battles Gulf carriers, dealing a blow to Airbus in the key market for big twinjets. SIA signed a letter of intent with Boeing for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s to tap additional passenger growth and to modernise its fleet over the next decade. Additional options for the two aircraft types could take the deal to as many as 51 aircraft. The preliminary order is a boost for Boeing as it seeks to restore momentum for the newest version of its long-haul 777, which after a strong debut has not had a firm order in 20 months. It is also expected to shore up export-related US jobs at a time when domestic manufacturing employment is a sensitive political issue under US President Donald Trump. "The carrier is a demanding customer and its fleet decisions usually define market trends in the intermediate term," said Jefferies analyst Howard Rubel in a note. Airlines typically get discounts on jet orders and Rubel estimated the deal's net value to be closer to US$6.5 billion or about a tenth of the US planemaker's annual volume. "While the deal may have been highly competitive, it is business in part of the market that strengthens Boeing's positioning," he said. The agreement, however, leaves a question mark over Airbus proposals to develop a larger 400-seat version of its A350 passenger jet to compete with the 406-seat Boeing 777-9. Singapore's flagship carrier had been seen as a key potential launch customer for the proposed jet, but the European planemaker last year postponed a decision on whether to launch the new project amid pressure on demand for wide-body jets. The fact that Airbus was not yet ready to make a definitive offer to supply the new plane, relying instead on the 366-seat A350-1000, may have been a handicap in the contest for Singapore's business, an industry source said. "Our priority is to certify and assure entry to service of the A350-1000," an Airbus spokesman said, adding the two main existing models represented a "good platform" for airline needs. LAUNCH CUSTOMER SIA's significant orders and recent moves to extend some of its fuel-hedging contracts to as long as five years show it is positioning itself for the next phase of growth, said Shukor Yusof, an analyst at Malaysian aviation consultancy Endau Analytics. "What's working for them is that they have very deep pockets and they are putting some of that money to replace fleet and also looking at new destinations," Yusof said. SIA has been under pressure as demand weakens for long-haul travel amid tough competition from Middle East network carriers. SIA said this would be the airline's first order for the newest 777 variant that is currently under development. SIA is already the launch customer for the 787-10, which is also currently in development, having placed an initial order in 2013 for 30 aircraft for delivery from the 2018/19 financial year. The airline operates a varied fleet with more than 50 current-generation 777s in service, while subsidiaries SilkAir, Scoot and SIA Cargo also operate other Boeing planes. Thursday's preliminary order was SIA's biggest Boeing deal by value. It also operates other Airbus aircraft including the smaller A350-900 model and the four-engined A380, the world's largest airliner, some of which could be replaced by 777-9s. The growth of the big twinjet is driven by advances in the largest engines, sparking a parallel battle between Boeing ally General Electric and Airbus supplier Rolls-Royce. GE is the sole supplier of engines on the 777 and Rolls-Royce won the US$1.7 billion order from SIA to power the 19 Boeing Dreamliner aircraft. (Reporting by Anshuman Daga in SINGAPORE and Tim Hepher in PARIS; Additional reporting by Shalini Nagarajan in BENGALURU; Editing by Keith Weir and Mark Potter) - AFP/CNA/ek Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Boeing wins $13.8 billion jet order from Singapore Air Thu Feb 9th, 2017 8:15am Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Julie Johnsson, Andrea Rothman and Benjamin Katz Bloomberg Boeing won orders for 39 wide-body aircraft from Singapore Airlines Ltd. as Southeast Asia’s biggest long-distance carrier upgrades its fleet over the next decade with more fuel-efficient models in an effort to cut costs. The airline agreed to buy 20 777-9s, which are set to debut at the decade’s end, and 19 787-10s, the longest Dreamliner model, for $13.8 billion at list prices that don’t reflect customary discounts, Singapore Air said in a statement on Thursday. Boeing was nearing an order for at least 35 wide-body aircraft from Singapore Air, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Deliveries of the jets will start as early as in the financial year ending March 2021, the carrier said, adding it also has options to buy six more of each of the two models. The new deal would provide a critical boost to two high-profile Boeing products amid a tough market for twin-aisle jets. The Chicago-based company has been working hard to land sales of its upgraded 777X family after twice announcing it would cut output of current models. The new aircraft will replace some of Singapore Air’s aging Boeing planes such as the 777-300ER, while giving the carrier’s low-cost units rights to jets not yet on the market. “Singapore is a deeply respected long-haul carrier, both in terms of brand quality and technical proficiency,” said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with Fairfax, Virginia-based Teal Group. “It would be a fantastic endorsement.” Shares of the airline rose 1.4 percent to S$9.94 on Thursday in Singapore trading before the announcement. Singapore Air has ordered 67 of the A350-900 jets, including an ultra-long range version, as it courts business travelers with non-stop service to markets such as New York and Los Angeles. The Asian carrier’s current fleet includes 10 A350s, which Airbus says consume 25 percent less fuel than Boeing’s 777 aircraft, with 57 more on order. The airline already has 30 787-10s on order, according to Boeing’s website. Singapore Air has also reviewed a proposed, longer version of the twin-engine 777 that would carry as many as 450 passengers, a load previously handled only by four-engine jumbo jets, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Buffeted by marquee Middle Eastern peers such as Emirates and regional budget operators, the only Asian carrier to have flown the Concorde has said it will maintain vigilance over its costs. Singapore Air, following two consecutive quarters of decline in profits, said Tuesday that 2017 will be another challenging year amid “tepid global economic conditions and geopolitical concerns.” The carrier is the launch customer for the 787-10, the first Boeing jetliner to be manufactured solely at its new North Charleston, South Carolina, campus. Deliveries are slated to begin next year. Singapore Air’s unit Scoot currently flies the carbon-composite 787-800 and 787-900 variants of the Dreamliners. Most Read Police: Attack by woman near Arlington was fueled by meth ARLINGTON — An Arlington woman is under investigation for assault and unlawful… Feb 10th, 2017 by Scott North Olivia Newton-John show to promote new album in Everett Olivia Newton-John — the movie star (“Grease”) and singer (“I Honestly Love… Feb 10th, 2017 by Gale Fiege Monroe man allegedly schemed to have wife, daughter murdered MONROE — A Monroe man is accused of trying to hire a… Feb 9th, 2017 by Rikki King Fugitive watch Herald staff EVERETT — The state Department of Corrections’ Everett office has… Feb 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff Julie Muhlstein Everett dog owners hope for the best at Westminster show Meet Zoom. He’s a Finnish spitz with a fox-like look, a persistent… Feb 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 3694 43 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Boeing wins $13.8 billion order from Singapore Airlines Singapore Airlines says deal will help the carrier expand flights, refresh its fleet. Post to Facebook Boeing wins $13.8 billion order from Singapore Airlines Singapore Airlines says deal will help the carrier expand flights, refresh its fleet.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k7yVJh {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Boeing wins $13.8 billion order from Singapore Airlines Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 9:09 a.m. ET Feb. 9, 2017 | Updated 9:43 a.m. ET Feb. 9, 2017 1.2k Shares Seen here in a photo from September 2013 is a shot of the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior at the gate at Boeing's Everett Delivery Center.  (Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY) Singapore Airlines agreed to a firm order for 39 widebody jets from Boeing in a deal that would help the carrier expand and update its fleet. The deal – for 20 Boeing 777-9s and 19 787-10 “Dreamliners" – would be valued at $13.8 billion at list prices, though big carriers typically negotiate substantial discounts on such orders. The order is Singapore Airlines’ first for Boeing’s newest and largest 777 variant, the 777-9 that is expected to begin flying later this decade. The order for the 19 787-10 Dreamliners – also Boeing’s latest and biggest variant of that aircraft – are on top of 30 that Singapore has already made for the jet. Singapore Airlines is regarded as one of the world’s most luxurious carriers, frequently winning accolades for its high-end service. The carrier has specialized in long-distance flying, flying many long-haul and ultra-long haul routes from its hub in Southeast Asia. The airline said the new widebody, long-haul jets would be used both for expansion and to help it replace older aircraft retiring from its fleet. ARCHIVES: Singapore Airlines takes delivery of luxurious new 777 (2013) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Singapore Airlines shows off luxurious new plane  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Singapore Airlines - already regarded as one of the world's most luxurious airlines - is set to overhaul its aircraft cabins in a move that it says will set the new industry standard for top-end air travel. The carrier took delivery of its first plane configured with the new interior Sept. 19, 2013, showing off the Boeing 777-300ER to media at a delivery ceremony at Boeing's widebody assembly line facility in Everett, Wash. Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh was on hand, and helped put together this photo gallery to take you along on the behind the scenes tour of Singapore Airlines' latest cabin. The jet will fly paying passengers for the first time by early October when Singapore Airlines deploys it on its Singapore-London Heathrow route. Here, Singapore Airlines' new-interior Boeing 777-300LR arrives at a boarding gate at Boeing's Everett Delivery Center north of Seattle on Sept. 19, 2013.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A sign welcomes visitors to Boeing's Everett Delivery Center. Located next to Boeing's 747, 767, 777 and 787 assembly line facilities in Everett, Wash., it opened in April 2013 and is where airlines – or private buyers – come to take possession of their new widebody planes from the U.S. jetmaker.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Anticipation builds as Singapore Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior comes within view of spectators at the Boeing aircraft delivery center in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 19, 2013.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A crowd gathers at the Boeing Delivery Center to watch the arrival of Singapore Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER on Sept. 19, 2013. The jet is Singapore Airlines' first to be configured with its all-new interior.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen A first-class seat in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior. This seat reclines into a full-flat bed for sleeping, as this photo shows.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen A first-class seat in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior. BMW subsidiary DesignworksUSA helped design the new first-class cabin.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A first-class seat in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior. This shot shows the seat's in-flight entertainment, as well as the space where the foot of the bed would be when it is reclined into its full-flat position.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A first-class seat shown in the full-flat reclined position. Charmain Kwok, Singapore Airlines' Assistant Manager – Product Innovation, says the curves around the seat's entrance are "to make the seat feel enclosed" and give a sense of isolation and privacy from the rest of the cabin.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A shot from above of a first-class seat in Singapore Airlines' newly configured Boeing 777-300ER.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A shot from above of a first-class seat in Singapore Airlines' newly configured Boeing 777-300ER. This shot shows how the passenger in this seat would view the in-flight entertainment with the seat fully reclined into its flat-bed position.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A shot looking toward the front of the cabin in the business-class section of Singapore Airlines' newly configured Boeing 777-300ER.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen A business-class seat in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen A business-class seat in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen A business-class seat shown in its full-flat bed recline position. Singapore says the beds fold into the "industry's widest full-flat bed."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class section of the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class section in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior features seats in a purple-and-gray color scheme.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class section in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior features seats in a purple-and-gray color scheme.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy seating section features a 3-by-3-by-3 configuration.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen The economy seating section features a 3-by-3-by-3 configuration.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen The economy seating section of Singapore Airlines' newly redesigned cabin interior has sections in two color schemes: yellow and teal (seen here) and yellow and beige (previous photo). Charmain Kwok, Singapore Airlines' Assistant Manager – Product Innovation, says the two different colors in the economy cabin are visual cues to help "break up the monotony" in the longest section of a "very long plane."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This shot of the economy-class section gives a sense of just how big the seat-back monitors are in this cabin. The screens, which feature touch-screen controls, measure 11.1 inches.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This shot of the economy-class section gives a sense of just how big the seat-back monitors are in this cabin. The screens, which feature touch-screen controls, measure 11.1 inches.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines spokesman James Bradbury-Boyd explains features of the carrier's new 777-300ER cabin interior to a reporter immediately following the aircraft's delivery in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 19, 2013.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A close-up of the light-control panel at a business-class seat on Singapore Airlines' new Boeing 777-300ERs. Options are for a typical overhead light or for a reading light located underneath the seat-back monitor. Charmain Kwok, Singapore Airlines' Assistant Manager – Product Innovation, says the latter option gives fliers a more subtle nighttime option "so you don't have to bother everybody around you."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This control panel at a business-class seat shows customers a variety of reclining options on Singapore Airlines' new Boeing 777-300ERs.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Seen here in a photo from September 2013 is a shot of the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior at the gate at Boeing's Everett Delivery Center.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior is seen through glass from the inside of Boeing's Everett Delivery Center on Sept. 19, 2013.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 27 2 of 27 3 of 27 4 of 27 5 of 27 6 of 27 7 of 27 8 of 27 9 of 27 10 of 27 11 of 27 12 of 27 13 of 27 14 of 27 15 of 27 16 of 27 17 of 27 18 of 27 19 of 27 20 of 27 21 of 27 22 of 27 23 of 27 24 of 27 25 of 27 26 of 27 27 of 27 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide “Today’s major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position,” Singapore Airlines CEO Goh Choon Phong said in a statement. “This order is also another demonstration of our commitment to further growing the Singapore hub, as we will be able to offer even more travel options for our customers.” The aircraft detail in Thursday’s announcement will begin arriving to the carrier as early as 2020. The Singapore order is a score for Boeing, which is battling against Airbus’ new A350 and revamped A330 in the market for widebody jets. Bloomberg News adds more perspective, writing “the new deal would provide a critical boost to two high-profile Boeing products amid a tough market for twin-aisle jets. The Chicago-based company has been working hard to land sales of its upgraded 777X family after twice announcing it would cut output of current models. The new aircraft will replace some of Singapore Air’s aging Boeing planes such as the 777-300ER, while giving the carrier’s low-cost units rights to jets not yet on the market.” USA TODAY Singapore Airlines plans return to U.S. with new 'ultra long-range' A350 Further, Reuters writes the Singapore deal “leaves a question mark over Airbus proposals to develop a larger 400-seat version of its A350 passenger jet to compete with the 406-seat Boeing 777-9.” Singapore Airlines had been viewed as a potential launch customer for such an Airbus product, “but the European planemaker last year postponed a decision on whether to launch the new project amid pressure on demand for wide-body jets,” Reuters adds. “The fact Airbus was not yet ready to make a definitive offer to supply the new plane, relying instead on the 366-seat A350-1000, may have been a handicap in the contest for Singapore's business, an industry source said” in reference to Singapore’s Thursday agreement with Boeing. Singapore has otherwise been a strong customer for Airbus' A350. It has ordered 67 of Airbus A350-900 jets, including a new "ultra long-haul" (ULR) version expected to begin flying next year. Singapore, which would be the launch customer for that variant of the A350, has said it intends to use the ULR version to resume nonstop flights between Singapore and New York, a route that would become the world's longest. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky USA TODAY This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn World's 25 longest airline flights - 2017  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. No. 26 (tie): Newark-Mumbai, India (7,792 miles); Air India (Boeing 777-300ER) and United Airlines (Boeing 777). Block time of 15 hours, 30 minutes on United.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 26 (tie): New York JFK-Taipei, Taiwan (7,792 miles); China Airlines (Boeing 777-300ER) and EVA Airways (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 55 minutes on China Airlines.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 25: Toronto-Hong Kong (7,795 miles); Air Canada (Boeing 777-200LR) and Cathay Pacific (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 25 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 24: Dallas Fort/Worth-Doha (7,916 miles); Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-300ER); Block time of 15 hours, 30 minutes.  Michael Perez, AP Images for Qatar Airways Fullscreen No. 23: Los Angeles-Melbourne, Australia (7,923 miles); United Airlines (Boeing 787-9). Block time of 14 hours, 20 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 22: Houston Bush Intercontinental-Taipei, Taiwan (7,924 miles); EVA Airways (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 30 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 21: Boston-Hong Kong (7,955 miles); Cathay Pacific (Boeing 777-300ER); Block time of 15 hours, 50 minutes.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen No. 20: New York JFK-Johannesburg (7,967 miles); South African Airways (Airbus A340-600); Block time of 14 hours, 50 minutes.  Themba Hadebe, AP Fullscreen No. 19: Guangzhou, China-New York JFK (7,986 miles); China Southern Airlines (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 35 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 18: Dallas/Fort Worth-Dubai (8,024 miles); Emirates (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 16 hours.  By Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 17: Doha-Houston Bush Intercontinental (8,031 miles); Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 55 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 16: Newark-Hong Kong (8,050 miles); United Airlines (Boeing 777) and Cathay Pacific (Boeing 777-300ER); Block time of 15 hours, 55 minutes on Cathay Pacific.  United Airlines Fullscreen No. 14 (tie): Hong Kong-New York JFK (8,056 miles); Cathay Pacific (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 16 hours.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 14 (tie): Abu Dhabi-Dallas/Fort Worth (8,056 miles); Etihad Airways (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 15 hours, 20 minutes).  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 13: Dubai-San Francisco (8,086 miles); Emirates (Airbus A380). Block time of 15 hours, 40 minutes.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 12: Dallas/Fort Worth-Hong Kong (8,108 miles); American Airlines (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 16 hours, 10 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 11: Abu Dhabi-San Francisco (8,142 miles); Etihad Airways (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 16 hours.  Kamran Jebreili, AP Fullscreen No. 10: Dubai-Houston Bush Intercontinental (8,151 miles); Emirates (Airbus A380). Block time of 15 hours, 5 minutes.  Kamran Jebreili, AP Fullscreen No. 9: Doha-Los Angeles (8,290 miles); Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 55 minutes.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen No. 8: Jeddah-Los Angeles (8,317 miles); Saudi Arabian Airlines (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 16 hours, 10 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 7: Dubai-Los Angeles (8,323 miles); Emirates (Airbus A380). Block time of 16 hours.  Tony Gutierrez, AP Fullscreen No. 6: Abu Dhabi-Los Angeles (8,375 miles); Etihad Airways (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 16 hours, 20 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 5: Atlanta-Johannesburg (8,434 miles); Delta Air Lines (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 16 hours, 24 minutes.  Delta Air Lines Fullscreen No. 4: San Francisco-Singapore (8,435 miles); United Airlines (Boeing 787-9) and Singapore Airlines (Airbus A350-900). Block time: 16 hours, 20 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 3: Dallas/Fort Worth-Sydney (8,576 miles); Qantas Airways (Airbus A380). Block time: 15 hours, 35 minutes.  Axel Heimken, AP Fullscreen No. 2: Auckland, New Zealand-Dubai, UAE (8,819 miles / 14,193 kilometers): Emirates (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 17 hours, 20 minutes on Dubai-bound flight.  Michael Dwyer, AP Fullscreen No. 1: Auckland, New Zealand-Doha, Qatar (9,032 miles / 14,536 kilometers): Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 17 hours, 30 minutes on Doha-bound flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 27 2 of 27 3 of 27 4 of 27 5 of 27 6 of 27 7 of 27 8 of 27 9 of 27 10 of 27 11 of 27 12 of 27 13 of 27 14 of 27 15 of 27 16 of 27 17 of 27 18 of 27 19 of 27 20 of 27 21 of 27 22 of 27 23 of 27 24 of 27 25 of 27 26 of 27 27 of 27 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Milestone! Airbus just delivered its 10,000th aircraft FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Singapore Airlines shows off its swanky new Airbus A350 in France  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 was the 10,000th aircraft to be delivered by European jetmaker Airbus. It's seen here at delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 was the 10,000th aircraft to be delivered by European jetmaker Airbus. It's seen here at delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bulkhead row of Singapore Airlines' premum economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets on Oct. 14, 2016, in Toulouse, France. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' premium economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' premium economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 was the 10,000th aircraft to be delivered by European jetmaker Airbus. It's seen here at delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines offered a rare look at its crew rest areas onboard one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines offered a rare look at its crew rest areas onboard one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. Here, Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh sits in the area to show the size of the space.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The step leading up to the crew rest area onboard one of Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 was the 10,000th aircraft to be delivered by European jetmaker Airbus. It's seen here at delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. The seat is recline into its lie-flat position, though the seat has not been fitted with Singapore's high-end business-class bedding in this photo.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The rear galley area on one of Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 was the 10,000th aircraft to be delivered by European jetmaker Airbus. It's seen here at delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 25 2 of 25 3 of 25 4 of 25 5 of 25 6 of 25 7 of 25 8 of 25 9 of 25 10 of 25 11 of 25 12 of 25 13 of 25 14 of 25 15 of 25 16 of 25 17 of 25 18 of 25 19 of 25 20 of 25 21 of 25 22 of 25 23 of 25 24 of 25 25 of 25 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Singapore Air is again flying nonstop to USA from Singapore FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Singapore Airlines debuts San Francisco-Singapore nonstops  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight from Singapore to San Francisco lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016. The inaugural flight gave Singapore Airlines a nonstop route between the USA and its home country for the first time in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight from Singapore to San Francisco lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016. The inaugural flight gave Singapore Airlines a nonstop link to the U.S. from its home country for the first time in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' Airbus A350 is seen at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016, after completing the carrier's first nonstop Singapore-U.S. flight in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' Airbus A350 is seen at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016, after completing the carrier's first nonstop Singapore-U.S. flight in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines flight attendant pose in front of a sign celebrating the carrier's new nonstop service to Singapore Changi Airport from San Francisco International Airport (Oct. 23, 2016).  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Lee SekEng, Singpoare Airlines' regional vice president - Americas, speaks at San Francisco International Airport to mark the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Executives and officials with Singapore Airlines and San Francisco International Airport cut a celebratory ribbon to mark the start of nonstop service between Singapore Changi and San Francisco ahead of the inaugural San Francisco departure on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' Airbus A350 taxis past the San Francisco International's iconic control tower before departing on the inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers awaiting Singapore Airlines' first San Francisco-Singapore departure were treated to a traditional lion dance at the gate before boarding on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' first nonstop service from San Francisco to Singapore takes off from San Francisco on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 10 2 of 10 3 of 10 4 of 10 5 of 10 6 of 10 7 of 10 8 of 10 9 of 10 10 of 10 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k7yVJh Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares The American pizza capital you've never heard of 54k Shares Don't miss these destination dumplings 271 Shares This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world 3.9k Shares Snowed in at Snowbird? Time to play indoors 297 Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 3694 43 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Boeing wins $13.8 billion order from Singapore Airlines Singapore Airlines says deal will help the carrier expand flights, refresh its fleet. Post to Facebook Boeing wins $13.8 billion order from Singapore Airlines Singapore Airlines says deal will help the carrier expand flights, refresh its fleet.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k7yVJh {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Boeing wins $13.8 billion order from Singapore Airlines Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 9:09 a.m. ET Feb. 9, 2017 | Updated 9:43 a.m. ET Feb. 9, 2017 1.2k Shares Seen here in a photo from September 2013 is a shot of the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior at the gate at Boeing's Everett Delivery Center.  (Photo: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY) Singapore Airlines agreed to a firm order for 39 widebody jets from Boeing in a deal that would help the carrier expand and update its fleet. The deal – for 20 Boeing 777-9s and 19 787-10 “Dreamliners" – would be valued at $13.8 billion at list prices, though big carriers typically negotiate substantial discounts on such orders. The order is Singapore Airlines’ first for Boeing’s newest and largest 777 variant, the 777-9 that is expected to begin flying later this decade. The order for the 19 787-10 Dreamliners – also Boeing’s latest and biggest variant of that aircraft – are on top of 30 that Singapore has already made for the jet. Singapore Airlines is regarded as one of the world’s most luxurious carriers, frequently winning accolades for its high-end service. The carrier has specialized in long-distance flying, flying many long-haul and ultra-long haul routes from its hub in Southeast Asia. The airline said the new widebody, long-haul jets would be used both for expansion and to help it replace older aircraft retiring from its fleet. ARCHIVES: Singapore Airlines takes delivery of luxurious new 777 (2013) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Singapore Airlines shows off luxurious new plane  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Singapore Airlines - already regarded as one of the world's most luxurious airlines - is set to overhaul its aircraft cabins in a move that it says will set the new industry standard for top-end air travel. The carrier took delivery of its first plane configured with the new interior Sept. 19, 2013, showing off the Boeing 777-300ER to media at a delivery ceremony at Boeing's widebody assembly line facility in Everett, Wash. Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh was on hand, and helped put together this photo gallery to take you along on the behind the scenes tour of Singapore Airlines' latest cabin. The jet will fly paying passengers for the first time by early October when Singapore Airlines deploys it on its Singapore-London Heathrow route. Here, Singapore Airlines' new-interior Boeing 777-300LR arrives at a boarding gate at Boeing's Everett Delivery Center north of Seattle on Sept. 19, 2013.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A sign welcomes visitors to Boeing's Everett Delivery Center. Located next to Boeing's 747, 767, 777 and 787 assembly line facilities in Everett, Wash., it opened in April 2013 and is where airlines – or private buyers – come to take possession of their new widebody planes from the U.S. jetmaker.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Anticipation builds as Singapore Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior comes within view of spectators at the Boeing aircraft delivery center in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 19, 2013.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A crowd gathers at the Boeing Delivery Center to watch the arrival of Singapore Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER on Sept. 19, 2013. The jet is Singapore Airlines' first to be configured with its all-new interior.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen A first-class seat in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior. This seat reclines into a full-flat bed for sleeping, as this photo shows.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen A first-class seat in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior. BMW subsidiary DesignworksUSA helped design the new first-class cabin.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A first-class seat in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior. This shot shows the seat's in-flight entertainment, as well as the space where the foot of the bed would be when it is reclined into its full-flat position.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A first-class seat shown in the full-flat reclined position. Charmain Kwok, Singapore Airlines' Assistant Manager – Product Innovation, says the curves around the seat's entrance are "to make the seat feel enclosed" and give a sense of isolation and privacy from the rest of the cabin.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A shot from above of a first-class seat in Singapore Airlines' newly configured Boeing 777-300ER.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A shot from above of a first-class seat in Singapore Airlines' newly configured Boeing 777-300ER. This shot shows how the passenger in this seat would view the in-flight entertainment with the seat fully reclined into its flat-bed position.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A shot looking toward the front of the cabin in the business-class section of Singapore Airlines' newly configured Boeing 777-300ER.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen A business-class seat in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen A business-class seat in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen A business-class seat shown in its full-flat bed recline position. Singapore says the beds fold into the "industry's widest full-flat bed."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class section of the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class section in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior features seats in a purple-and-gray color scheme.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class section in the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior features seats in a purple-and-gray color scheme.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy seating section features a 3-by-3-by-3 configuration.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen The economy seating section features a 3-by-3-by-3 configuration.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Airchive Fullscreen The economy seating section of Singapore Airlines' newly redesigned cabin interior has sections in two color schemes: yellow and teal (seen here) and yellow and beige (previous photo). Charmain Kwok, Singapore Airlines' Assistant Manager – Product Innovation, says the two different colors in the economy cabin are visual cues to help "break up the monotony" in the longest section of a "very long plane."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This shot of the economy-class section gives a sense of just how big the seat-back monitors are in this cabin. The screens, which feature touch-screen controls, measure 11.1 inches.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This shot of the economy-class section gives a sense of just how big the seat-back monitors are in this cabin. The screens, which feature touch-screen controls, measure 11.1 inches.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines spokesman James Bradbury-Boyd explains features of the carrier's new 777-300ER cabin interior to a reporter immediately following the aircraft's delivery in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 19, 2013.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A close-up of the light-control panel at a business-class seat on Singapore Airlines' new Boeing 777-300ERs. Options are for a typical overhead light or for a reading light located underneath the seat-back monitor. Charmain Kwok, Singapore Airlines' Assistant Manager – Product Innovation, says the latter option gives fliers a more subtle nighttime option "so you don't have to bother everybody around you."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This control panel at a business-class seat shows customers a variety of reclining options on Singapore Airlines' new Boeing 777-300ERs.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Seen here in a photo from September 2013 is a shot of the first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior at the gate at Boeing's Everett Delivery Center.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER to be configured with its all-new interior is seen through glass from the inside of Boeing's Everett Delivery Center on Sept. 19, 2013.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 27 2 of 27 3 of 27 4 of 27 5 of 27 6 of 27 7 of 27 8 of 27 9 of 27 10 of 27 11 of 27 12 of 27 13 of 27 14 of 27 15 of 27 16 of 27 17 of 27 18 of 27 19 of 27 20 of 27 21 of 27 22 of 27 23 of 27 24 of 27 25 of 27 26 of 27 27 of 27 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide “Today’s major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position,” Singapore Airlines CEO Goh Choon Phong said in a statement. “This order is also another demonstration of our commitment to further growing the Singapore hub, as we will be able to offer even more travel options for our customers.” The aircraft detail in Thursday’s announcement will begin arriving to the carrier as early as 2020. The Singapore order is a score for Boeing, which is battling against Airbus’ new A350 and revamped A330 in the market for widebody jets. Bloomberg News adds more perspective, writing “the new deal would provide a critical boost to two high-profile Boeing products amid a tough market for twin-aisle jets. The Chicago-based company has been working hard to land sales of its upgraded 777X family after twice announcing it would cut output of current models. The new aircraft will replace some of Singapore Air’s aging Boeing planes such as the 777-300ER, while giving the carrier’s low-cost units rights to jets not yet on the market.” USA TODAY Singapore Airlines plans return to U.S. with new 'ultra long-range' A350 Further, Reuters writes the Singapore deal “leaves a question mark over Airbus proposals to develop a larger 400-seat version of its A350 passenger jet to compete with the 406-seat Boeing 777-9.” Singapore Airlines had been viewed as a potential launch customer for such an Airbus product, “but the European planemaker last year postponed a decision on whether to launch the new project amid pressure on demand for wide-body jets,” Reuters adds. “The fact Airbus was not yet ready to make a definitive offer to supply the new plane, relying instead on the 366-seat A350-1000, may have been a handicap in the contest for Singapore's business, an industry source said” in reference to Singapore’s Thursday agreement with Boeing. Singapore has otherwise been a strong customer for Airbus' A350. It has ordered 67 of Airbus A350-900 jets, including a new "ultra long-haul" (ULR) version expected to begin flying next year. Singapore, which would be the launch customer for that variant of the A350, has said it intends to use the ULR version to resume nonstop flights between Singapore and New York, a route that would become the world's longest. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky USA TODAY This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn World's 25 longest airline flights - 2017  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. No. 26 (tie): Newark-Mumbai, India (7,792 miles); Air India (Boeing 777-300ER) and United Airlines (Boeing 777). Block time of 15 hours, 30 minutes on United.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 26 (tie): New York JFK-Taipei, Taiwan (7,792 miles); China Airlines (Boeing 777-300ER) and EVA Airways (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 55 minutes on China Airlines.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 25: Toronto-Hong Kong (7,795 miles); Air Canada (Boeing 777-200LR) and Cathay Pacific (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 25 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 24: Dallas Fort/Worth-Doha (7,916 miles); Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-300ER); Block time of 15 hours, 30 minutes.  Michael Perez, AP Images for Qatar Airways Fullscreen No. 23: Los Angeles-Melbourne, Australia (7,923 miles); United Airlines (Boeing 787-9). Block time of 14 hours, 20 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 22: Houston Bush Intercontinental-Taipei, Taiwan (7,924 miles); EVA Airways (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 30 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 21: Boston-Hong Kong (7,955 miles); Cathay Pacific (Boeing 777-300ER); Block time of 15 hours, 50 minutes.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen No. 20: New York JFK-Johannesburg (7,967 miles); South African Airways (Airbus A340-600); Block time of 14 hours, 50 minutes.  Themba Hadebe, AP Fullscreen No. 19: Guangzhou, China-New York JFK (7,986 miles); China Southern Airlines (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 35 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 18: Dallas/Fort Worth-Dubai (8,024 miles); Emirates (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 16 hours.  By Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 17: Doha-Houston Bush Intercontinental (8,031 miles); Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 55 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 16: Newark-Hong Kong (8,050 miles); United Airlines (Boeing 777) and Cathay Pacific (Boeing 777-300ER); Block time of 15 hours, 55 minutes on Cathay Pacific.  United Airlines Fullscreen No. 14 (tie): Hong Kong-New York JFK (8,056 miles); Cathay Pacific (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 16 hours.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 14 (tie): Abu Dhabi-Dallas/Fort Worth (8,056 miles); Etihad Airways (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 15 hours, 20 minutes).  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 13: Dubai-San Francisco (8,086 miles); Emirates (Airbus A380). Block time of 15 hours, 40 minutes.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 12: Dallas/Fort Worth-Hong Kong (8,108 miles); American Airlines (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 16 hours, 10 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 11: Abu Dhabi-San Francisco (8,142 miles); Etihad Airways (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 16 hours.  Kamran Jebreili, AP Fullscreen No. 10: Dubai-Houston Bush Intercontinental (8,151 miles); Emirates (Airbus A380). Block time of 15 hours, 5 minutes.  Kamran Jebreili, AP Fullscreen No. 9: Doha-Los Angeles (8,290 miles); Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 15 hours, 55 minutes.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen No. 8: Jeddah-Los Angeles (8,317 miles); Saudi Arabian Airlines (Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 16 hours, 10 minutes.  Boeing Fullscreen No. 7: Dubai-Los Angeles (8,323 miles); Emirates (Airbus A380). Block time of 16 hours.  Tony Gutierrez, AP Fullscreen No. 6: Abu Dhabi-Los Angeles (8,375 miles); Etihad Airways (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 16 hours, 20 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 5: Atlanta-Johannesburg (8,434 miles); Delta Air Lines (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 16 hours, 24 minutes.  Delta Air Lines Fullscreen No. 4: San Francisco-Singapore (8,435 miles); United Airlines (Boeing 787-9) and Singapore Airlines (Airbus A350-900). Block time: 16 hours, 20 minutes.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No. 3: Dallas/Fort Worth-Sydney (8,576 miles); Qantas Airways (Airbus A380). Block time: 15 hours, 35 minutes.  Axel Heimken, AP Fullscreen No. 2: Auckland, New Zealand-Dubai, UAE (8,819 miles / 14,193 kilometers): Emirates (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 17 hours, 20 minutes on Dubai-bound flight.  Michael Dwyer, AP Fullscreen No. 1: Auckland, New Zealand-Doha, Qatar (9,032 miles / 14,536 kilometers): Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-200LR). Block time of 17 hours, 30 minutes on Doha-bound flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 27 2 of 27 3 of 27 4 of 27 5 of 27 6 of 27 7 of 27 8 of 27 9 of 27 10 of 27 11 of 27 12 of 27 13 of 27 14 of 27 15 of 27 16 of 27 17 of 27 18 of 27 19 of 27 20 of 27 21 of 27 22 of 27 23 of 27 24 of 27 25 of 27 26 of 27 27 of 27 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Milestone! Airbus just delivered its 10,000th aircraft FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Singapore Airlines shows off its swanky new Airbus A350 in France  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 was the 10,000th aircraft to be delivered by European jetmaker Airbus. It's seen here at delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 was the 10,000th aircraft to be delivered by European jetmaker Airbus. It's seen here at delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bulkhead row of Singapore Airlines' premum economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets on Oct. 14, 2016, in Toulouse, France. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' premium economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' premium economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 was the 10,000th aircraft to be delivered by European jetmaker Airbus. It's seen here at delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' economy cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines offered a rare look at its crew rest areas onboard one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines offered a rare look at its crew rest areas onboard one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. Here, Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh sits in the area to show the size of the space.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The step leading up to the crew rest area onboard one of Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 was the 10,000th aircraft to be delivered by European jetmaker Airbus. It's seen here at delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. The seat is recline into its lie-flat position, though the seat has not been fitted with Singapore's high-end business-class bedding in this photo.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The rear galley area on one of Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 was the 10,000th aircraft to be delivered by European jetmaker Airbus. It's seen here at delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 25 2 of 25 3 of 25 4 of 25 5 of 25 6 of 25 7 of 25 8 of 25 9 of 25 10 of 25 11 of 25 12 of 25 13 of 25 14 of 25 15 of 25 16 of 25 17 of 25 18 of 25 19 of 25 20 of 25 21 of 25 22 of 25 23 of 25 24 of 25 25 of 25 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Singapore Air is again flying nonstop to USA from Singapore FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Singapore Airlines debuts San Francisco-Singapore nonstops  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight from Singapore to San Francisco lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016. The inaugural flight gave Singapore Airlines a nonstop route between the USA and its home country for the first time in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight from Singapore to San Francisco lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016. The inaugural flight gave Singapore Airlines a nonstop link to the U.S. from its home country for the first time in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' Airbus A350 is seen at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016, after completing the carrier's first nonstop Singapore-U.S. flight in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' Airbus A350 is seen at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016, after completing the carrier's first nonstop Singapore-U.S. flight in three years.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines flight attendant pose in front of a sign celebrating the carrier's new nonstop service to Singapore Changi Airport from San Francisco International Airport (Oct. 23, 2016).  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Lee SekEng, Singpoare Airlines' regional vice president - Americas, speaks at San Francisco International Airport to mark the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Executives and officials with Singapore Airlines and San Francisco International Airport cut a celebratory ribbon to mark the start of nonstop service between Singapore Changi and San Francisco ahead of the inaugural San Francisco departure on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' Airbus A350 taxis past the San Francisco International's iconic control tower before departing on the inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers awaiting Singapore Airlines' first San Francisco-Singapore departure were treated to a traditional lion dance at the gate before boarding on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Singapore Airlines' first nonstop service from San Francisco to Singapore takes off from San Francisco on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 10 2 of 10 3 of 10 4 of 10 5 of 10 6 of 10 7 of 10 8 of 10 9 of 10 10 of 10 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k7yVJh Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares The American pizza capital you've never heard of 54k Shares Don't miss these destination dumplings 271 Shares This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world 3.9k Shares Snowed in at Snowbird? Time to play indoors 297 Shares
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Growth Strategies > Boeing Wins $13.8 Billion Wide-Body Jet Order From Singapore Air Boeing Wins $13.8 Billion Wide-Body Jet Order From Singapore Air Feb 9, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The new deal would provide a critical boost to two high-profile Boeing products amid a tough market for twin-aisle jets. Copyright Getty Images Advertisement Boeing Co. (IW 500/9) won orders for 39 wide-body aircraft from Singapore Airlines Ltd. as Southeast Asia’s biggest long-distance carrier upgrades its fleet over the next decade with more fuel-efficient models in an effort to cut costs.  The airline agreed to buy 20 777-9s, which are set to debut at the decade’s end, and 19 787-10s, the longest Dreamliner model, for $13.8 billion at list prices that don’t reflect customary discounts, Singapore Air said in a statement on Thursday. Boeing was nearing an order for at least 35 wide-body aircraft from Singapore Air, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Deliveries of the jets will start as early as in the financial year ending March 2021, the carrier said, adding it also has options to buy six more of each of the two models. The new deal would provide a critical boost to two high-profile Boeing products amid a tough market for twin-aisle jets. The Chicago-based company has been working hard to land sales of its upgraded 777X family after twice announcing it would cut output of current models. The new aircraft will replace some of Singapore Air’s aging Boeing planes such as the 777-300ER, while giving the carrier’s low-cost units rights to jets not yet on the market. Popular Now Supply Chain & Logistics: Top 5 Warehouse Challenges and How to Overcome Them EPI Report Claims US-China Trade Deficit Cost 3.4 Million Jobs Top 10 Manufacturing Countries in 2020 “Singapore is a deeply respected long-haul carrier, both in terms of brand quality and technical proficiency,” said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with Fairfax, Virginia-based Teal Group. “It would be a fantastic endorsement.” Shares of the airline rose 1.4% to S$9.94 on Thursday in Singapore trading before the announcement. Courting Business Travelers Singapore Air has ordered 67 of the A350-900 jets, including an ultra-long range version, as it courts business travelers with non-stop service to markets such as New York and Los Angeles. The Asian carrier’s current fleet includes 10 A350s, which Airbus says consume 25% less fuel than Boeing’s 777 aircraft, with 57 more on order. The airline already has 30 787-10s on order, according to Boeing’s website. Singapore Air has also reviewed a proposed, longer version of the twin-engine 777 that would carry as many as 450 passengers, a load previously handled only by four-engine jumbo jets, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Buffeted by marquee Middle Eastern peers such as Emirates and regional budget operators, the only Asian carrier to have flown the Concorde has said it will maintain vigilance over its costs. Singapore Air, following two consecutive quarters of decline in profits, said Tuesday that 2017 will be another challenging year amid “tepid global economic conditions and geopolitical concerns.” The carrier is the launch customer for the 787-10, the first Boeing jetliner to be manufactured solely at its new North Charleston, S.C., campus. Deliveries are slated to begin next year. Singapore Air’s unit Scoot currently flies the carbon-composite 787-800 and 787-900 variants of the Dreamliners. By Julie Johnsson, Andrea Rothman and Benjamin Katz Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles $2.1-Billion Award to Boeing for 15 Refueling Jets Mattis Orders Review of Lockheed F-35, Boeing Air Force One 1 Boeing Profit Gets Boost as 787 Goes From Drag to Rainmaker 1 Boeing Set for New Organizing Battle in South Carolina Boeing Slows 777 Wide-body Output, Boosts Dividend by 30% Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Pittsburgh Artificial Intelligence Startup Small Firms Are Better Partners than Holding Companies Top 10 States Most Affected by Potential Trade Issues with Mexico Is Your Team Trusting or Just Polite? China Exports Surge Tainted by Fears of Trade Turmoil Apple CEO Cook: Britain Will Be ‘Just Fine’ Post-Brexit More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Feb 7, 2017 Exclusive IndustryWeek An Old Company Stitches Together a New Perspective 1 The Merrow Sewing Machine Co. was old, analog and grappling with its identity after 165 years as a market leader when Charlie Merrow and his brother, Owen, bought back the company in 2003. Since then, the seventh generation of Merrows has used lots of tech, namely cloud, to bring it into the 21st century and drastically change its business model....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Biggest US Asphalt Plant Shuts Just as Trump Plans Road Building An Old Company Stitches Together a New Perspective Why It's Not Too Late to Build Your Own Industrial Internet Platform Intel $7 Billion Semiconductor Factory in Arizona to Create 10,000 Jobs The 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Award Winners: Excellence in Manufacturing IW Webinars How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Cloud Evolves From Point Solution To Strategic Enabler Of The New Connected Economy  Cloud ERP Gets 43 Percent Faster Payback Embrace Disruptive Innovation with Cloud ERP The Rise of Smart Operations: Reaching New Levels of Operational Excellence Quality in the Age of the Customer More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home Industry Singapore Airlines places $13.8 billion wide-body Boeing order Singapore Airlines places $13.8 billion wide-body Boeing order Singapore Airlines (SIA) announced a $13.8 billion provisional order to buy 39 Boeing wide-body aircraft as it pursues expansion opportunities, dealing a setback for Airbus Group in the battle of big twinjets between the two manufacturers. By: Reuters | Singapore/ Paris | Updated: February 9, 2017 5:47 PM Singapore’s flagship carrier had been seen as a key potential launch customer for the proposed jet, but Airbus last year postponed a decision on whether to launch the new project amid pressure on demand for wide-body jets. (Reuters) Singapore Airlines (SIA) announced a $13.8 billion provisional order to buy 39 Boeing wide-body aircraft as it pursues expansion opportunities, dealing a setback for Airbus Group in the battle of big twinjets between the two manufacturers. SIA signed a letter of intent with Boeing for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s to tap additional passenger growth and to modernise its fleet over the next decade. Additional options for the two aircraft types could take the deal to as many as 51 aircraft. The agreement leaves questions over Airbus proposals to develop a larger 400-seat version of its A350 passenger jet to compete with the 406-seat Boeing 777-9. Singapore’s flagship carrier had been seen as a key potential launch customer for the proposed jet, but Airbus last year postponed a decision on whether to launch the new project amid pressure on demand for wide-body jets. The fact that Airbus was not ready to make a definitive offer to supply the new plane, relying instead on the 366-seat A350-1000, may have been a handicap in the contest for Singapore’s business, an industry source said. You may also like to watch this “Our priority is to certify and assure entry to service of the A350-1000,” an Airbus spokesman said, adding that the two main existing models represented a “good platform” for airline needs. The deal is a boost for Boeing as the U.S. company seeks both to maintain momentum for its newest version of 777 and to shore up export-related jobs at a time when domestic manufacturing employment is a sensitive political issue under US President Donald Trump. “Today’s major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position,” SIA’s chief executive officer Goh Choon Phong said in a statement. Airlines typically get discounts on list prices when placing large orders. LAUNCH CUSTOMER SIA’s significant orders and recent moves to extend some of its fuel-hedging contracts to as long as five years show that it is positioning itself for the next phase of growth, said Shukor Yusof, analyst at Malaysian aviation consultancy Endau Analytics. “What’s working for them is that they have very deep pockets and they are putting some of that money to replace fleet and also looking at new destinations,” Yusof said. SIA has been under pressure as demand weakens for long-haul travel amid tough competition from Middle East network carriers. SIA said this would be the airline’s first order for the newest 777 variant that is currently under development, the 777-9. SIA is already the launch customer for the 787-10, which is also currently in development, having placed an initial order in 2013 for 30 aircraft for delivery from the 2018/19 financial year. The airline is a longstanding Boeing customer with more than 50 current-generation 777 aircraft in service while subsidiaries SilkAir, Scoot and SIA Cargo also operate other Boeing planes. The growth of the big twinjet is driven by advances in the largest engines, sparking a parallel battle between Boeing ally General Electric and Airbus supplier Rolls-Royce. Rolls-Royce won the $1.7 billion order from SIA to power the 19 Boeing Dreamliner aircraft. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Union Budget 2017-18 focuses on wider tax compliance, says ClearTax Here's how you can save more income tax after the announcement made by FM in the current Budget Trending Now AIADMK Lok Sabha MPs join O Panneerselvam camp UP Election: BJP MP Sanjeev Balyan casts vote in Muzaffarnagar Puduchery government seeks Central relief of Rs 100 crores for drought relief West Bengal BJP gets hands on training in Uttar Pradesh election Donald Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover UP Election 2017: Congress common minimum programme focuses on employment, Dalits Pakistan Senate committee dissatisfied over government’s attitude on CPEC Shah Rukh, Aamir click first picture together in 25 years Chinese soldier returns home from India after five decades 30 per cent votes polled till noon in Uttar Pradesh SP-Cong alliance has shaken PM Narendra Modi’s confidence: Akhilesh Yadav  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: मुस्लिम इलाकों में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों तक नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: अखिलेश यादव और राहुल गांधी दिखा रहे हैं 'दोस्ताना' लेकिन इस सीट पर सपा और कांग्रेस हैं आमने-सामने Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 43-55 We set you thinking Saturday 11 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong 1486805170 World South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias 1486805409 Lifestyle Candy-tasting job isn’t always so sweet 1486804605 World U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya 1486803025 World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure 1486803116 China&India Guangzhou says many poultry markets infected with bird flu 1486803706 World UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims 1486802710 World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension 1486802822 World Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 1486801218 World Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for Muslim governor 1486791471 World Freedom granted to Canadian man who beheaded and cannibalised fellow bus passenger 1486799801 World Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo life-saving surgery in US after Trump travel ban lifted 1486798606 World Islamic State fighter is first Australian stripped of citizenship: report 1486794545 World China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain 1486794850 World Johor’s Forest City seeks to diversify ownership amid Chinese dominance: Report 1486795608 World Trump says considering ‘brand new’ immigration order 1486795309 World In welcoming Shinzo Abe, Trump affirms US commitment to defending Japan 1486792904 World New top U.S. diplomat plays central role in Trump's China shift 1486787275 World Paraguay gives remains of military dictatorship victims to families 1486786950 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion 1486786799 Business Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI 1486756330 Singapore Police looking into allegedly inappropriate comments made by officer 1486745940 Singapore Four winners share S$12 million prize in TOTO Hongbao draw 1486733400 Voices Consider top-ups for SkillsFuture Credit 1486756920 Sports More power in shots, better control of the ball 1486737360 Singapore Rail network hit by 3 disruptions in a day 1486745160 Business UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' 1486778193 Singapore The Big Read: CFE’s focus on strategy, not schemes, a sign of the times 1486745760 World Brazil's Espirito Santo state says reaches deal to end police strike 1486776016 World Germany says U.S. demand for more NATO burden-sharing is 'fair' 1486774742 Business Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums 1486766285 Business Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business 1486774129 World Trump to Iran's Rouhani: Better be careful 1486772644 World Brazil's former richest man to stand trial on corruption charges 1486769788 World Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide 1486768421 Business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case 1486770654 World Polish PM flown to Warsaw hospital after car crash 1486765409 World Syrian dissident says war 'over' as states cut aid to rebels 1486771379 Business Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms 1486767999 World After daring voyage to U.S., Haitians' dreams end in deportation 1486767302 World U.S. strike in Iraq targets Islamic State militant from France 1486766579 World Stampede at Angolan stadium kills 17, injures scores 1486767452 World Brazil Supreme Court judge calls for drugs legalization to beat gangs 1486766790 World France watches skies for Russian wargames, domestic drone threat 1486749124 Business Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes 1486767577 World Brazil judge approves promotion of Temer ally with legal caveat 1486764709 World Libya mayors say Europe's migration crisis should not be dumped on them 1486763329 Business Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy 1486762886 Business Trump tax cut talk, China data spur risk rally 1486759326 World Peru says wanted ex-president likely in U.S., may flee to Israel 1486756134 Business SIA to spend US$13.8 billion on 39 new jets, US$1.7 billion on new engines File photo of a man walking past a Singapore Airlines signage at Changi Airport in Singapore May 11, 2016. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:15 PM, February 9, 2017 Updated: 8:27 PM, February 9, 2017 CHICAGO — Boeing won orders for 39 wide-body aircraft from Singapore Airlines (SIA) as South-east Asia’s biggest long-distance carrier upgrades its fleet over the next decade with more fuel-efficient models in an effort to cut costs. The airline agreed to buy 20 777-9s, which are set to debut at the decade’s end, and 19 787-10s,the longest Dreamliner model, for US$13.8 billion (S$19.5 billion) at list prices that don’t reflect customary discounts, SIA said in a statement on Thursday (Feb 9). Boeing was nearing an order for at least 35 wide-body aircraft from SIA, Bloomberg News reported on Wednesday. Deliveries of the jets will start as early as in the financial year ending March 2021, the carrier said, adding it also has options to buy six more of each of the two models. The new deal would provide a critical boost to two high-profile Boeing products amid a tough market for twin-aisle jets.The Chicago-based company has been working hard to land sales of its upgraded 777X family after twice announcing it would cut output of current models. The new aircraft will replace some of SIA’s aging Boeing planes such as the 777-300ER, while giving the carrier’s low-cost units rights to jets not yet on the market. “Singapore is a deeply respected long-haul carrier, both in terms of brand quality and technical proficiency,” said Mr Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with Fairfax, Virginia-based Teal Group. “It would be a fantastic endorsement.” Shares of the airline rose 1.4 per cent to S$9.94 on Thursday in Singapore trading before the announcement. BUSINESS TRAVELLERS Singapore Air has ordered 67 of the A350-900 jets, including an ultra-long range version, as it courts business travellers with non-stop service to markets such as New York and Los Angeles. The Asian carrier’s current fleet includes 10 A350s, which Airbus says consume 25 per cent less fuel than Boeing’s 777 aircraft, with 57 more on order. The airline already has 30 787-10s on order, according to Boeing’s website. SIA has also reviewed a proposed, longer version of the twin-engine 777 that would carry as many as 450 passengers, a load previously handled only by four-engine jumbo jets, Bloomberg News reported on Wednesday. Buffeted by marquee Middle Eastern peers such as Emirates and regional budget operators, the only Asian carrier to have flown the Concorde has said it will maintain vigilance over its costs. SIA, following two consecutive quarters of decline in profits, said on Tuesday that 2017 will be another challenging year amid “tepid global economic conditions and geopolitical concerns”. The carrier is the launch customer for the 787-10, the first Boeing jetliner to be manufactured solely at its new North Charleston, South Carolina, campus. Deliveries are slated to begin next year. SIA’s unit Scoot currently flies the carbon-composite 787-800 and 787-900 variants of the Dreamliners.  Separately, Rolls-Royce won a US$1.7bn order from SIA for Trent1000 engines to power 19 Boeing 787 Dreamliner Aircrafts. AGENCIES mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Too soon’ to call property market recovery despite renewed interest: Redas president Zuercher Kantonalbank CEO: scant progress on U.S. tax case Yum Brands profit tops expectations as KFC, Taco Bell deliver Yen holds gains, European political risks generate safe-haven demand Will Trump’s recent executive orders affect confidence in the US? White House plans directive targeting 'conflict minerals' rule: sources White House memo confuses Wall Street on fate of fiduciary rule White House defends Trump criticism of Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka clothing line Wells Fargo sets up artificial intelligence team in tech push Wells Fargo likely to eliminate 2016 bonuses for top executives: WSJ Inside Today World South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules Collapsing Liverpool must reboot or risk a Spurs beating More power in shots, better control of the ball SLA eases restrictions on Hyfa’s youth academy pitch usage Singapore paddler Chen Feng retires at age of 23 Entertainment Eat Already’s 2nd season to feature Cantonese, Teochew Big plans in store for National Museum of Singapore’s 130th birthday bash Beyonce faces US$20m copyright suit from YouTube star’s estate Christie Brinkley back in swimsuit in Sports Illustrated Madonna adopts 4-year-old twin girls in Malawi About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 February 2017 by Military News Boeing Statement on Singapore Airlines’ Intent to Purchase 20 777-9s, 19 787-10s SEATTLE, Feb. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Boeing [NYSE: BA] is pleased that Singapore Airlines has announced its commitment to purchase 20 777-9s and 19 787-10 Dreamliners. The national carrier and 787-10 launch customer also announced its recommitment for its previous order for 30 787-10 airplanes. When finalized, the order will be posted on the Boeing Orders and Deliveries website. “Singapore Airlines has been a valued Boeing customer for more than 50 years and we are honored they have selected the 777X and additional 787-10s to expand its future widebody fleet. They are the most efficient, capable and passenger preferred airplanes in their class,” said Boeing Commercial Airplanes President & CEO Kevin McAllister. “We appreciate the trust, commitment and endorsement of Singapore Airlines, and look forward to delivering market-leading capability to one of the world’s most widely respected industry leaders.” Advanced technology including a new composite wing, all-new engines and superior aerodynamics will result in the incredible fuel efficiency promised by the 777X family. The 777-9 will be the largest and most efficient twin-engine commercial jet in the world with the lowest operating cost per seat of any commercial airplane and no competitor in its market segment. The 787-10 is the third member of the super-efficient, passenger-pleasing 787 Dreamliner family. With its greater passenger and cargo capacity, high degree of commonality and passenger-pleasing features, the 787-10 will complement the family while setting a new benchmark for fuel efficiency and operating economics – 25 percent better fuel per seat and emissions than the airplanes than the competition it will replace.  Since its introduction, the 787 Dreamliner has opened more than 130 new city pairs, connecting the world as never before. Contact: Marc Birtel International Communications Boeing Commercial Airplanes +1 206-766-2911 marc.r.birtel@boeing.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-statement-on-singapore-airlines-intent-to-purchase-20-777-9s-19-787-10s-300404887.html SOURCE Boeing CategoriesUncategorized Tagscarrier, fleet, Industry, jet, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TÄYDENNYS MSSL ESTONIA WH OÜ:N 3.2.2017 PÄIVÄTTYYN TARJOUSASIAKIRJAAN KOSKIEN VAPAAEHTOISTA PKC GROUP OYJ:N HALLITUKSEN SUOSITTELEMAA JULKISTA OSTOTARJOUSTA KAIKISTA PKC GROUP OYJ:N OSAKKEISTA JA OPTIO-OIKEUKSISTA Next PostNext Boeing Statement on Singapore Airlines’ Intent to Purchase 20 777-9s, 19 787-10s Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 February 2017 by Military News Boeing Statement on Singapore Airlines’ Intent to Purchase 20 777-9s, 19 787-10s SEATTLE, Feb. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Boeing [NYSE: BA] is pleased that Singapore Airlines has announced its commitment to purchase 20 777-9s and 19 787-10 Dreamliners. The national carrier and 787-10 launch customer also announced its recommitment for its previous order for 30 787-10 airplanes. When finalized, the order will be posted on the Boeing Orders and Deliveries website. „Singapore Airlines has been a valued Boeing customer for more than 50 years and we are honored they have selected the 777X and additional 787-10s to expand its future widebody fleet. They are the most efficient, capable and passenger preferred airplanes in their class,” said Boeing Commercial Airplanes President & CEO Kevin McAllister. „We appreciate the trust, commitment and endorsement of Singapore Airlines, and look forward to delivering market-leading capability to one of the world’s most widely respected industry leaders.” Advanced technology including a new composite wing, all-new engines and superior aerodynamics will result in the incredible fuel efficiency promised by the 777X family. The 777-9 will be the largest and most efficient twin-engine commercial jet in the world with the lowest operating cost per seat of any commercial airplane and no competitor in its market segment. The 787-10 is the third member of the super-efficient, passenger-pleasing 787 Dreamliner family. With its greater passenger and cargo capacity, high degree of commonality and passenger-pleasing features, the 787-10 will complement the family while setting a new benchmark for fuel efficiency and operating economics – 25 percent better fuel per seat and emissions than the airplanes than the competition it will replace.  Since its introduction, the 787 Dreamliner has opened more than 130 new city pairs, connecting the world as never before. Contact: Marc Birtel International Communications Boeing Commercial Airplanes +1 206-766-2911 marc.r.birtel@boeing.com   SOURCE Boeing CategoriesUncategorized Tagscarrier, fleet, Industry, jet, Licensing, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Boeing Statement on Singapore Airlines’ Intent to Purchase 20 777-9s, 19 787-10s Next PostNext Leukotriene Receptor Antagonist Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue, Market Share Outlook and Forecast 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Singapore Airlines places $14 bln wide-body Boeing order By Reuters Published: 08:25 EST, 9 February 2017 | Updated: 08:25 EST, 9 February 2017 e-mail By Anshuman Daga and Tim Hepher SINGAPORE/PARIS, Feb 9 (Reuters) - Singapore Airlines (SIA) announced a provisional order worth $13.8 billion at list prices to buy 39 Boeing wide-body planes on Thursday as it battles Gulf carriers, dealing a blow to Airbus in the key market for big twinjets. SIA signed a letter of intent with Boeing for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s to tap additional passenger growth and to modernise its fleet over the next decade. Additional options for the two aircraft types could take the deal to as many as 51 aircraft. The preliminary order is a boost for Boeing as it seeks to restore momentum for the newest version of its long-haul 777, which after a strong debut has not had a firm order in 20 months. It is also expected to shore up export-related U.S. jobs at a time when domestic manufacturing employment is a sensitive political issue under U.S. President Donald Trump. "The carrier is a demanding customer, and its fleet decisions usually define market trends in the intermediate term," said Jefferies analyst Howard Rubel in a note. Airlines typically get discounts on jet orders and Rubel estimated the deal's net value closer to $6.5 billion or about a tenth of the U.S. planemaker's annual volume. "While the deal may have been highly competitive, it is business in part of the market that strengthens Boeing's positioning," he said. The agreement, however, leaves a question mark over Airbus proposals to develop a larger 400-seat version of its A350 passenger jet to compete with the 406-seat Boeing 777-9. Singapore's flagship carrier had been seen as a key potential launch customer for the proposed jet, but the European planemaker last year postponed a decision on whether to launch the new project amid pressure on demand for wide-body jets. The fact Airbus was not yet ready to make a definitive offer to supply the new plane, relying instead on the 366-seat A350-1000, may have been a handicap in the contest for Singapore's business, an industry source said. "Our priority is to certify and assure entry to service of the A350-1000," an Airbus spokesman said, adding the two main existing models represented a "good platform" for airline needs. LAUNCH CUSTOMER SIA's significant orders and recent moves to extend some of its fuel-hedging contracts to as long as five years show it is positioning itself for the next phase of growth, said Shukor Yusof, analyst at Malaysian aviation consultancy Endau Analytics. "What's working for them is that they have very deep pockets and they are putting some of that money to replace fleet and also looking at new destinations," Yusof said. SIA has been under pressure as demand weakens for long-haul travel amid tough competition from Middle East network carriers. SIA said this would be the airline's first order for the newest 777 variant that is currently under development. SIA is already the launch customer for the 787-10, which is also currently in development, having placed an initial order in 2013 for 30 aircraft for delivery from the 2018/19 financial year. The airline operates a varied fleet with more than 50 current-generation 777s in service, while subsidiaries SilkAir, Scoot and SIA Cargo also operate other Boeing planes. Thursday's preliminary order was SIA's biggest Boeing deal by value. It also operates other Airbus aircraft including the smaller A350-900 model and the four-engined A380, the world's largest airliner, some of which could be replaced by 777-9s. The growth of the big twinjet is driven by advances in the largest engines, sparking a parallel battle between Boeing ally General Electric and Airbus supplier Rolls-Royce. GE is the sole supplier of engines on the 777 and Rolls-Royce won the $1.7 billion order from SIA to power the 19 Boeing Dreamliner aircraft. (Reporting by Anshuman Daga in SINGAPORE and Tim Hepher in PARIS; Additional reporting by Shalini Nagarajan in BENGALURU; Editing by Keith Weir and Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Boeing wants to cash in on India's military spending spree - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Boeing wants to cash in on India's military spending spree Posted: Thursday, February 9, 2017 4:21 AM EST Updated: Thursday, February 9, 2017 4:22 AM EST By Rishi Iyengar NEW DELHI (CNNMoney) -- Boeing is ramping up its efforts to win a bigger share of the billions India spends on military hardware. The aviation giant has announced it's setting up a new unit that will handle all its defense operations in the country. It will focus on building up a manufacturing and engineering base in addition to other services, the company said. India will be only the fourth country outside the U.S. where Boeing has a dedicated defense arm. The others are in the U.K., Australia and Saudi Arabia. India is on a weapons spending spree, shelling out more than $50 billion on military equipment last year. That's already more than Russia -- and India is projected to overtake the U.K. as the world's third largest defense buyer by 2018, according to IHS Jane's. Boeing has been aggressively expanding into the Indian market. The U.S. manufacturer announced an $11 billion deal last month to supply 100 new 737 Max 8 commercial aircraft to budget airline Spicejet. With India also shopping for new fighter jets, Boeing is showing that it's ready to compete with the likes of Lockheed Martin and Swedish firm Saab -- both of which have offered to manufacture their combat aircraft in India. Lockheed has even said it's willing to make the South Asian country a global manufacturing hub for its F-16 jets. Boeing already supplies several military aircraft to India, including C-17 supply planes and its Apache and Chinook helicopters. It has also pitched its own fighter -- the F/A 18 Super Hornet -- to the Indian navy, a company representative told CNNMoney, and would potentially make them in the country if it wins the contract. The company appears eager to align itself with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' program, aimed at boosting local manufacturing. "We are making the changes necessary to position ourselves for future growth ... and accelerate our efforts to achieve the country's 'Make in India' vision," Leanne Caret, the company's head of defense, space and security, said in a statement. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
2017. február 11.   Magyar Tőkepiac Közzétételek - archívum | DGAP DGAP- Adhoc | DGAP - DD | DGAP - PVR | DGAP - NVR | DGAP - AFR | DGAP - CMS | DGAP - News Tisztelt látogatónk! A Magyar Tőkepiac 2013. április 9-től megszünteti szolgáltatását; új közzétételt nem veszünk fel és nem teszünk közzé. A korábban megjelentetett közzétételek az archívumban továbbra is a régi módon kereshetők, böngészhetők maradnak. Ugyancsak megszűnik a BÉT kereskedési- és cégadatok, a befektetési alapok, a különféle nemzetközi indexek, és a devizapiaci adatok és árfolyamok, valamint grafikonok szolgáltatása. A német DGAP rendszeréből folyamatosan érkező közzétételeket és vállalati híreket változatlan strukturában, továbbra is megjelenítjük. Megértését köszönjük. DGAP-News: OHB SE: NASA Space Launch System: MT Aerospace awarded further contracts by Boeing 2017. február 09., csütörtök, 10:00 DGAP-News: OHB SE / Key word(s): Miscellaneous OHB SE: NASA Space Launch System: MT Aerospace awarded further contracts by Boeing 09.02.2017 / 10:00 The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. Augsburg, February 9, 2017. MT Aerospace AG, a member of the European space and technology group OHB SE (ISIN: DE0005936124, Prime Standard), has been awarded further contracts by US space technology group Boeing for additional development work on the Space Launch System (SLS). Commissioned by the US space agency NASA, SLS is the most powerful super heavy lift launch vehicle to date and will be used on manned and unmanned missions to the moon, Mars and the depths of outer space. MT Aerospace has been developing and fabricating large aluminum segments for the propellant tanks fitted to the SLS main stage since mid- 2013. With a diameter of 8.4 meters and a length of some 65 meters, these tanks hold almost 900 tons of liquid hydrogen and oxygen and are 30% larger than the external tank formerly attached to the Space Shuttle. MT Aerospace has already delivered the components for the second flight article SLS core stage at the beginning of April 2016. Thanks to this successful project, the Augsburg-based space technology company has now also been selected for the development of the upper stage dome components. MT Aerospace has achieved gold ranking status as a reliable partner to Boeing and has qualified as a baseline components supplier for all upcoming SLS flights. Contact: Investor Relations Martina Lilienthal Tel.: +49 421 - 2020-720 Fax: +49 421 - 2020-613 E-Mail: martina.lilienthal@ohb.de Corporate Communications MT Aerospace AG Nivart Holsworth PR / Communication Tel.: +49 821 505 1033 E-Mail: pr@mt-aerospace.de About MT Aerospace MT Aerospace is an internationally leading company in the aerospace industry with 700 employees at sites in Augsburg, Mainz (Germany), Cagliari (Italy) and Kourou (French Guyana). A member of the listed European space and technology group OHB SE (Prime Standard, ISIN: DE0005936124), MT Aerospace develops and manufactures key components for the European launch system ARIANE 5, the Airbus fleet, space vehicles and satellites. MT Aerospace is a technology leader in lightweight structures using metal and composite materials. With a work share of 10 % MT Aerospace is the largest supplier to the ARIANE program outside France. 09.02.2017 Dissemination of a Corporate News, transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements, Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases. Archive at www.dgap.de Language: English Company: OHB SE Karl-Ferdinand-Braun-Str. 8 28359 Bremen Germany Phone: +49 (0)421 2020 8 Fax: +49 (0)421 2020 613 E-mail: ir@ohb.de Internet: www.ohb.de ISIN: DE0005936124 WKN: 593612 Listed: Regulated Market in Frankfurt (Prime Standard); Regulated Unofficial Market in Berlin, Dusseldorf, Hamburg, Munich, Stuttgart, Tradegate Exchange   End of News DGAP News Service 543217  09.02.2017  Tilos a hír bármilyen adatbázisba történő mentése vagy annak továbbítása harmadik fél számára;kereskedelmi viszonylatban vagy kereskedelmi céllal csak a Deutsche Gesellschaft für Ad-hoc-Publizität mbh írásos engedélyével történhet. Közzétételek - archívum » DGAP-News: Infineon Technologies AG: WACHSTUM IN KERNBEREICHEN TREIBT ERFOLGREICHEN START IN DAS GESCHÄFTSJAHR 2017 [2017.02.02. 07:30] » DGAP-News: Infineon Technologies AG: STRUCTURAL GROWTH DRIVES EXCELLENT START TO THE NEW FISCAL YEAR [2017.02.02. 07:30] » DGAP-News: AfDB appoints MCB Investment Management as Fund Manager for its first Fixed Income ETF in Africa (news with additional features) [2016.12.09. 14:40] » DGAP-News: EQS Group AG erhöht Anteil an der ARIVA.DE AG auf 67 Prozent [2016.12.06. 08:00] » DGAP-News: EQS Group AG increases its stake in ARIVA.DE AG to 67% [2016.12.06. 08:00] » DGAP-News: EQS Group AG entfaltet hohe Wachstumsdynamik im 3. Quartal [2016.11.15. 08:00] » DGAP-News: ​EQS Group AG develops high growth dynamics in third quarter [2016.11.15. 08:00] » DGAP-News: Heidelberg and USU successfully implement "Big Data for Smart Service" development project [2016.10.17. 10:04] » DGAP-News: Heidelberg und USU setzen Entwicklungsprojekt "Big Data für Smart Service" erfolgreich um [2016.10.17. 10:04] » DGAP-News: CIOReview zeichnet USU KCenter als internationalen Anbieter von Knowledge-Management-Lösungen aus [2016.10.10. 11:50] Adatvédelmi nyilatkozat  |  Impresszum     MAGYAR TŐKEPIAC pénzpiaci honlap a Geomédia Kiadói Zrt.kiadásában. Minden jog fenntartva. 1996–2017 © Geomédia Kiadói Zrt. Telefon: +36 1 999-9544, fax: +36 1 999-9539 E-mail: magyartokepiac@magyartokepiac.hu | www.magyartokepiac.hu
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Visa crackdown puts these rural doctors at risk World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Tough federal bank regulator calls it quits Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Young British men are earning less than previous generation Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury GM's Bolt EV ready to take on Tesla Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Growing India Boeing wants to cash in on India's military spending spree by Rishi Iyengar   @Iyengarish February 9, 2017: 4:08 AM ET Boeing shoots a plane into the air like a rocket Boeing is ramping up its efforts to win a bigger share of the billions India spends on military hardware. The aviation giant has announced it's setting up a new unit that will handle all its defense operations in the country. It will focus on building up a manufacturing and engineering base in addition to other services, the company said. India will be only the fourth country outside the U.S. where Boeing (BA) has a dedicated defense arm. The others are in the U.K., Australia and Saudi Arabia. India is on a weapons spending spree, shelling out more than $50 billion on military equipment last year. That's already more than Russia -- and India is projected to overtake the U.K. as the world's third largest defense buyer by 2018, according to IHS Jane's. Related: Aviation execs carrying wish list to Trump meeting Boeing has been aggressively expanding into the Indian market. The U.S. manufacturer announced an $11 billion deal last month to supply 100 new 737 Max 8 commercial aircraft to budget airline Spicejet. With India also shopping for new fighter jets, Boeing is showing that it's ready to compete with the likes of Lockheed Martin (LMT) and Swedish firm Saab -- both of which have offered to manufacture their combat aircraft in India. Lockheed has even said it's willing to make the South Asian country a global manufacturing hub for its F-16 jets. Boeing already supplies several military aircraft to India, including C-17 supply planes and its Apache and Chinook helicopters. It has also pitched its own fighter -- the F/A 18 Super Hornet -- to the Indian navy, a company representative told CNNMoney, and would potentially make them in the country if it wins the contract. Related: India could shell out $12 billion for new fighter jets The company appears eager to align itself with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' program, aimed at boosting local manufacturing. "We are making the changes necessary to position ourselves for future growth ... and accelerate our efforts to achieve the country's 'Make in India' vision," Leanne Caret, the company's head of defense, space and security, said in a statement. CNNMoney (New Delhi) First published February 9, 2017: 4:08 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending San Francisco is taxing the rich to pay for free community college Nordstrom stock defies Trump Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Boeing wants to cash in on India’s military spending spree Boeing wants to cash in on India’s military spending spree Posted on Thursday, February 9, 2017 by CNN in Business News Boeing is ramping up its efforts to win a bigger share of the billions India spends on military hardware. The aviation giant has announced it’s setting up a new unit that will handle all its defense operations in the country. It will focus on building up a manufacturing and engineering base in addition to other services, the company said. India will be only the fourth country outside the U.S. where Boeing has a dedicated defense arm. The others are in the U.K., Australia and Saudi Arabia. India is on a weapons spending spree, shelling out more than $50 billion on military equipment last year. That’s already more than Russia — and India is projected to overtake the U.K. as the world’s third largest defense buyer by 2018, according to IHS Jane’s. Boeing has been aggressively expanding into the Indian market. The U.S. manufacturer announced an $11 billion deal last month to supply 100 new 737 Max 8 commercial aircraft to budget airline Spicejet. With India also shopping for new fighter jets, Boeing is showing that it’s ready to compete with the likes of Lockheed Martin and Swedish firm Saab — both of which have offered to manufacture their combat aircraft in India. Lockheed has even said it’s willing to make the South Asian country a global manufacturing hub for its F-16 jets. Boeing already supplies several military aircraft to India, including C-17 supply planes and its Apache and Chinook helicopters. It has also pitched its own fighter — the F/A 18 Super Hornet — to the Indian navy, a company representative told CNNMoney, and would potentially make them in the country if it wins the contract. The company appears eager to align itself with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ program, aimed at boosting local manufacturing. “We are making the changes necessary to position ourselves for future growth … and accelerate our efforts to achieve the country’s ‘Make in India’ vision,” Leanne Caret, the company’s head of defense, space and security, said in a statement. Airline execs meet Trump; Anthem deal blocked; Twitter earnings He said what? A look back at Trump's Japan bashing Related Posts Forget drones, here come delivery robots River Hill Coal Awarded Rail Assistance Grant Canada’s top pharmacy chain prepares to sell medical marijuana Preservation Board Protects Nearly 2,200 Acres of Prime PA Farmland Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 11 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Disney tightens Euro Disney grip in deal with Saudi's Alwaleed Riyadh Governor approves two airport locations Qatar to float tenders for aquatic farming projects Saudi sovereign fund says it's not considering stake in Six Flags Sales tax hike on steel will cripple Jordan's housing sector Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project One Palm: Search on for buyer of Dubai’s costliest penthouse Qatar ministry says all transport projects on schedule Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project Qatar awards 90% of FIFA World Cup projects DNO to revive two wells in Oman's Block 8 offshore UAE offers solutions to combat climate change Iran to have $50 bln oil revenues next year: Min IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Thomson Reuters acquires Clarient and Avox Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1 billion senior Sukuk Takaful Emarat net profit increases 47% in 2016 Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Kuwait's Agility files $380 mln telecoms arbitration case vs Iraq Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 Hundreds of thousands in Iran chant 'Death to America': TV Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemeni port, civilians at risk Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Assad rejects safe zones in Syria - Yahoo News interview U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Jordan starts work on major solar power project Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Support growing for amending Libya government leadership: UN Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Trump weighs revised travel ban In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban Emirates says flight delayed after Delta refuse spare part Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Trump tax talk lifts Wall Street to record high Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Dollar at 1-1/2-week high vs. yen on Trump tax vow Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Gold steadies as dollar, U.S. Treasury yields pare gains Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Oil prices stable on strong Chinese imports Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Trump weighs revised travel ban Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Trump weighs revised travel ban Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Saying no to counterfeits is social responsibility: Official Bahrain reveals details of fugitive capture East Lebanon residents demand amnesty Egypt shuts torture victims treatment centre -lawyer Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Jordan's agriculture sector leaders decry new worker permit fees Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Saudi considers shortening trucker visa Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Kuwaitis must exceed expats: MP Abu Dhabi residents warned not to dry laundry in public New Labor Law clause irks Saudis Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Viral infections on the rise in UAE UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Genetic study may make quinoa the grain of the future Dietary protein may help muscle health New resolution issued on private schools in Dubai Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka brand A.R. Rahman in concert in UAE UAE: 50 women to start 120km walk in the desert 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Emirates has diverted 60 flights over medical emergencies Lighting rod, not crane crashed on hotel tower in Dubai U.S., Japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Michael Jackson's mom bullied and afraid of nephew George Clooney and wife Amal expecting twins -Matt Damon Cricket-Kohli double ton leads India's Hyderabad run feast Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role Tenth Red Bull Air Race to be hosted by Abu Dhabi Pakistan Super League stars gear up for action Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article A year of sustained growth for Etihad Airways in 2016 as it evolves into Etihad Aviation Group 09 February, 2017 Etihad Airways carried 18.5 million guests 09 February 2017 Etihad Airways delivered another year of sustained growth in 2016, helped by new aircraft, additional frequencies and the introduction of further world-class products. The airline carried 18.5 million guests during the year, up six per cent on 2015.  The airline was also part of the evolution of Etihad Aviation Group, a wider aviation and tourism business which now also includes Etihad Airways Engineering; Airline Equity Partners; Etihad Airport Services and Hala Group. The formation of Etihad Aviation Group was announced in May 2016.    During the year, Etihad Airways operated more than 109,000 scheduled passenger and cargo flights spanning around 446 million kilometres and 112 destinations. Capacity, measured in available seat kilometres (ASK), grew by nine per cent and passenger traffic, measured by revenue passenger kilometres (RPK), rose by eight per cent. The average load factor held steady at 79 per cent.   Etihad Airways’ fleet of 119 aircraft is one of the youngest and most environmentally-friendly in the industry, with an average age of 6 years. During the year, the airline took delivery of 10 aircraft: three Airbus A380s, five Boeing 787s and two Boeing 777-200 cargo freighters. An additional 12 aircraft are set for delivery in 2017, including nine Boeing 787s, two Airbus A380s and one A330-200 freighter. Etihad holds the strongest credit rating in the aviation industry (A by Fitch), demonstrating the strength of its successful business model which is widely acknowledged by the international financial community. Advertisement James Hogan, President and Chief Executive Officer of Etihad Aviation Group (EAG), said: “2016 saw sustained growth in a very tough business environment. This is where Etihad Airways’ superior products and services show their true value and where the strength of the EAG business model comes into effect through its diversity of businesses, cost effective synergies and global spread of risk. Most importantly, in 2016 we were able to introduce our new Group structure, which positions this business for long-term growth and development.”  Etihad Airways launched Venice in Italy, Rabat in Morocco and Sabiha Gokcen in Turkey as new destinations in 2016. The much-admired Airbus A380 began serving Mumbai and Melbourne, and the Boeing 787 Dreamliner was deployed on new routes, including Perth, Shanghai, Johannesburg and Dusseldorf.  The airline added a fifth daily flight on the Doha route, an extra daily flight to Cairo and Kozhikode, and increased frequencies to Dammam, Manila and Tehran.   Etihad Airways carried more than 76 per cent of the total passengers who travelled to and from Abu Dhabi International Airport in 2016. With the addition of the airline’s equity partners that operate flights into the UAE capital, the combined total rises to 86 per cent of passenger traffic at the airport.  The airline’s codeshare and equity partnerships delivered 5.5 million passengers onto Etihad Airways’ flights, an increase of nine per cent over the five million passengers in 2015.  The airline launched new codeshare agreements with Avianca Colombia, Avianca Brasil, Kulula, Precision Air and Montenegro Airlines. Etihad Airways’ existing codeshares with airberlin, Alitalia, Brussels Airlines, Flynas, Jet Airways, Malaysia Airlines, Hong Kong Airlines, and Virgin Australia were significantly expanded. Etihad Airways also launched new interline agreements with Lufthansa, Pegasus, Malindo and LATAM. As a result, the airline now offers a combined passenger and cargo network of nearly 600 destinations through its 188 interline and 53 codeshare partnerships. Etihad Airways’ equity partner network, including airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia and Etihad Regional, represents the seventh largest global grouping of airlines. In 2016, the combined fleet of 705 aircraft carried 126.6 million guests.  In November, Etihad Airways Engineering dealt with a record breaking week of heavy maintenance at its state-of-the-art facility in Abu Dhabi. Aircraft from six of the seven partner airlines were worked on by the company’s 3,000-strong team.  During 2016, Etihad Cargo carried 592,700 tonnes, which was flat year-on-year. Etihad Cargo expanded its freighter services to several new markets, including Columbus Rickenbacker, Ohio in the US; East Midlands and London Stansted in the UK; Copenhagen; Brussels; Addis Ababa and Casablanca in Africa; Colombo; Muscat; and Zhengzhou in China. This brings the number of freighter-only destinations to 15.  Strong growth was achieved within the group’s loyalty businesses with over three million new members joining the Etihad Guest, MilleMiglia (Alitalia), topbonus (airberlin) and JetPrivilege programmes, which now provide benefits to nearly 20 million members.   The Etihad Aviation Group workforce, as of 31 December, stood at 26,635 employees, representing 150 nationalities. The airline continued to prioritise its Emiratisation programme, and in November, celebrated the graduation of 310 future leaders from the Future Leaders Programmes, a strong indication of the company’s commitment to investing in its people.   There are currently more than 3,000 Emirati employees – 52 per cent of whom are women, including engineers and pilots.   Mr Hogan added: “2017 will be another challenging year. We will continue to expand prudently and efficiently, reflecting the nature of the economic environment. We remain optimistic and have every belief that our robust business model will succeed and, most importantly, stand the test of time.”   2016 was a year of impressive accolades for Etihad Airways - the pinnacle being the Skytrax Certified 5-Star Airline Rating - the most sought after quality status in the airline industry. Etihad was also named the ‘World’s Leading Airline’ at the World Travel Awards for the eighth consecutive year and collected the coveted Crystal Cabin Award for the Boeing 787 First Class cabin design. During the year, Etihad Guest marked its 10th anniversary and reached 4.7 million members. About Etihad Aviation Group Etihad Aviation Group (EAG) is a diversified global aviation and travel group comprising four business divisions – Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, Etihad Airways Engineering, Hala Group and Airline Equity Partners. The group has minority investments in seven airlines: airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia, and Swiss-based Darwin Airline, trading as Etihad Regional.   From its Abu Dhabi base, Etihad Airways flies to, or has announced plans to serve, more than 110 passenger and cargo destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Americas. The airline has a fleet of over 120 Airbus and Boeing aircraft, with 204 aircraft on firm order, including 71 Boeing 787s, 25 Boeing 777Xs, 62 Airbus A350s and 10 Airbus A380s. For more information, please visit: etihad.com For more information contact: For enquiries, please contact the Etihad Airways press office: Offices insert details  Laila Al Tarawneh Action Kuwait – Part of Action Global Communications Telephone: +965 2491 5616 © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Four Seasons Hotel Bahrain Bay welcomes new general manager Richard Raab 08 Feb 2017 Jim McIlvenny named as new U.S.'s Dow India, Middle East, Africa and Turkey President 07 Feb 2017 Islamic Development Bank appoints Dr. Abdulhakim Elwaer as group spokesperson 07 Feb 2017 Bahrain's Avaya appoints Faten Halabi to drive sales growth for Bahrain, Iraq, Kuwait and Pakistan 06 Feb 2017 Franklin Templeton appoints Sandeep Singh as Senior Director & Regional Head, Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa 06 Feb 2017 Gulf's TKD Lingerie welcomes new communications director 06 Feb 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 5:43 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Singapore Airlines to buy 39 Boeing planes worth US$13.8b Thursday February 9, 2017 05:00 PM GMT+8 UPDATED: February 09, 2017 05:45 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens rare section to the public for Valentine’s day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The carrier said in a statement that it had signed a letter of intent with the US manufacturer for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s. ― File picSINGAPORE, Feb 9 ― Singapore Airlines (SIA) announced today an order for a total of 39 Boeing passenger planes worth US$13.8 billion (RM61.2 billion) as part of its growth plans for the next decade. The carrier said in a statement that it had signed a letter of intent with the US manufacturer for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s, with options for six more of each aircraft, bringing the total to 51 if exercised. “Today’s major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position,” chief executive Goh Choon Phong said in a statement. ― AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business Bursa Malaysia to trade higher next week China regulator still plans oil futures, weighs easing equity curbs Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform Uber suffers for Trump ties that leave Tesla’s Musk unsullied (VIDEO) If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Bursa Malaysia opens easier Sri Lanka eyes China free trade deal this year, PM to visit in May Another day, another mall: How KL Gateway Mall hopes to succeed in a crowded market Ringgit opens slightly lower against US dollar Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Boeing front-runner for Singapore Airlines’ order Singapore Airlines profit drops 36pc amid weak-yield environment Malaysia banks on aerospace sector to attract foreign investments Penang-born SIA stewardess found dead in San Francisco hotel Overseas ambitions, bumper plane orders test Vietnam’s ‘bikini airline’ Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Boeing CEO Says New Air Force One Will Cost Less Than $4B Boeing CEO Says New Air Force One Will Cost Less Than $4B Duration: 00:54s - Published: on December 22, 2016< > Embed Donald Trump This comes after Donald Trump tweeted about "out of control" costs. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Boeing CEO Says New Air Force One Will Cost Less Than $4B Donald Trump  tweeted about  the "out of control" cost of a new Air Force One. Then he talked about it more on national television. "If we don't get the prices down, we're not going to order them. We're going to stay with what we have," President-elect Trump said during a call-in interview  on the "Today" show . On Wednesday, Boeing's CEO  told reporters  the company is committed to building a new plane for less than $4 billion. SEE MORE: Historic Boeing-Iran Deal May Get Trumped It is possible a new set of Air Force One planes, which are  large enough  to carry the commander in chief, his staff and members of the media, were never going to cost that much to begin with.  In March 2016, the U.S. Government Accountability Office estimated  two new Boeing  747-8 planes would cost about $3.2 billion. Although NBC pointed out the total cost  may be more  by the time Boeing delivers the new four-engine aircrafts. The goal was to have the new Air Force One planes ready to fly by the 2024 fiscal year. There's no word on whether Boeing's effort to keep costs down will change that timeline. Recent related news Donald Trump considers issuing new travel banThe US president tells reporters on Air Force One that a "brand new order" may be issued next week. BBC News 5 hours ago - Front Page Trump talks on Air Force One cost make progress, Boeing CEO saysBoeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said he "made some great progress" in face-to-face... ChicagoTribune 4 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •FOXNews.com President Trump 'files complaint that the hand towels on Air Force One aren't soft enough'Donald Trump, 45th President of the United States of America, is very impressed with the telephones... Independent 2 days ago - WorldAlso reported by •FOXNews.com Plane Flies Too Close to Air Force One During Trump's Trip to Mar-a-LagoA plane is under investigation after reportedly flying too close to Air Force One on Friday. Newsmax 2 days ago - USAlso reported by •FOXNews.com Melania Trump Gets First Ride on Air Force OneFirst lady Melania Trump is getting her first ride on Air Force One.Mrs. Trump, who is not yet living... Newsmax 14 hours ago - US White House seeks to regroup after legal defeatWashington — Seeking to regroup after a stinging legal defeat, President Donald Trump said Friday... WorldNews 10 hours ago - Front Page White House may draft new immigration order in response to 9th Circuit rulingOn Friday, President Donald Trump told reporters on Air Force One that he’s considering a “brand... ABA Journal 9 hours ago - Legal Bristol has one of the highest stalking rates in the countryShocking new figures reveal Bristol has been ranked as one the worst cities in the country for... Bristol Post 3 days ago - UK U.S. Air Force, Boeing extend GPS sustainment pactEl Segundo, Calif. (UPI) Feb 6, 2017 Boeing and the U.S. Air Force signed off on extending their... GPS Daily 2 days ago - Science ​Aviation ties Wichita to Super Bowl LIThe biggest sports spectacle in the western world kicks off late Sunday afternoon as the New England... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Current Topics Caesars Founder Ferndale Mike Ilitch Piers Morgan Avengers Infinity War Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Has The LEGO Batman Movie Changed DC's Cinematic Game? Fold Up Your Glasses - 3D TV Is Dead Madonna Set To Adopt Two More Malawian Children Is Theresa May Making Fun Of Donald Trump? MOVIE REVIEW: Hidden Figures The NES Mini Has Outsold The Wii U - Time To Change The Game? MOVIE REVIEW: The LEGO Batman Movie Arnie Wants To Swap Jobs With Trump. The Donald's Not Happy About It: Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing front-runner for $13.8 bln Singapore Airlines order -Bloomberg By Reuters Published: 21:16 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 21:16 EST, 8 February 2017 e-mail Feb 8 (Reuters) - Boeing Co is the front-runner for a Singapore Airlines Ltd order of at least 35 wide-body aircraft that could be valued at around $13.8 billion at list prices, Bloomberg reported. A decision to go with Boeing would be a setback for Airbus Group, which plans to build a bigger version of its A350 although these plans have already been placed on hold amid uncertainty over demand for wide-body jets. Singapore Airlines is looking at choosing 20 of the latest model of Boeing's 777, the 406-seat 777-9 over a stretched version of the Airbus A350, Bloomberg said, citing people familiar with the matter. It is also poised to take at least 19 of the longest Dreamliner model, the Boeing 787-10, it reported, adding that the order could be unveiled this week.(http://bloom.bg/2lscCA1) Singapore Airlines said in a statement that it has discussions with aircraft manufacturers on a regular basis about its fleet requirements. "Such discussions are confidential until we have a firm deal to announce", it said. Boeing declined to comment. Singapore Airlines has also reviewed a proposed version of the twin-engine 777 that would carry about 450 passengers, a load previously handled by four-engine jumbo jets only, Bloomberg said. (Reporting by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru and Tim Hepher in Paris; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 5:43 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Boeing front-runner for Singapore Airlines’ order Thursday February 9, 2017 08:52 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens rare section to the public for Valentine’s day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A man walks past a Singapore Airlines signage at Changi Airport in Singapore May 11, 2016. — Reuters pic SINGAPORE, Fe 9 — Boeing Co is the front-runner as Singapore Airlines Ltd is closing in on a 35 wide-body aircraft order amid a battle with Chinese and Middle Eastern carriers, Bloomberg reported, citing sources. Singapore Airlines has for months been weighing the latest model of Boeing’s 777, the 406-seat 777-9, against a possible stretched version of the A350 that Airbus is considering building to increase the capacity of its newest jetliner to 400 seats. The carrier is also poised to take at least 19 of the longest Dreamliner model, Boeing 787-10, Bloomberg said. Singapore also has reviewed a proposed version of the twin-engine 777 that would carry about 450 passengers, a load previously handled by four-engine jumbo jets only, Bloomberg reported. Airbus has so far delayed taking a decision on whether to build the larger version, variously code-named A350-8000 and most recently A350-2000. Industry sources said the two main potential customers whose decisions could have a decisive influence on whether the project goes ahead are Singapore Airlines and British Airways. CNN reported in November that Singapore Airlines would make a decision by end-year. Boeing Co declined to comment, while Singapore Air was not immediately available for comment. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business Bursa Malaysia to trade higher next week China regulator still plans oil futures, weighs easing equity curbs Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform Uber suffers for Trump ties that leave Tesla’s Musk unsullied (VIDEO) If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Bursa Malaysia opens easier Sri Lanka eyes China free trade deal this year, PM to visit in May Another day, another mall: How KL Gateway Mall hopes to succeed in a crowded market Ringgit opens slightly lower against US dollar Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Boeing’s US$14b Singapore Air order does not fill 777, 787 gap, says CEO Can Singapore companies be globally competitive? — Larry Sim and See Wei Hwa Singapore advisory panel eyes new drivers of economic growth Singapore Airlines to buy 39 Boeing planes worth US$13.8b Australia’s Suncorp to consider sale of A$2b life insurance unit Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Aviation News: Real-Time Boeing Data to Optimize Operational Efficiency for Etihad Airways Dubai | 07 Feb 2017 | By Boeing Boeing [NYSE:BA] today announced that Etihad Airways signed a contract to introduce the Boeing Wind Updates solution into the airline’s operations. The tool will increase efficiency and reduce fuel consumption across the carrier’s global operations. By integrating the Wind Updates offering from Boeing Commercial Aviation Services, Etihad Airways can leverage real-time information to improve in-flight airplane performance based on atmospheric conditions. Boeing Wind Updates will optimize flight operations fleet-wide for Etihad Airways.   “Improved decision making by our flight crews and reduced fuel consumption are two of the hallmark features of the programme that we look forward to implementing with this agreement,” said Richard Hill, chief operations officer at Etihad Airways. “Being aware of real-time wind data and their related conditions will enhance situational awareness in the flight deck, enabling us to fly the most efficient routes possible.” More current and accurate weather data is expected to reduce fuel consumption for Etihad Airways by an average of 200-400 lbs (90-180 kgs) of fuel per flight. Overall, Boeing Wind Updates will improve in-flight performance for Etihad Airways aircraft by providing customized, real-time wind and temperature information during every flight anywhere in the world.   “Helping customers drive increased operational efficiency through our integrated portfolio of flight optimization solutions allows airlines to improve bottom line results,” said David Longridge, vice president of sales and marketing, Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. “Boeing Wind Updates is a key component of these optimization services and we look forward to assisting Etihad Airways in reaching its operational goals.” Contact: Brian Rantala Boeing Digital Aviation Communications +1-303-328-4370 brian.rantala@jeppesen.com John Greenway Etihad Airways Tel: + 971 2 511 1520 jgreenway@etihad.ae More information:  http://www.boeing.com/boeing/commercial/aviationservices/integrated-services/digital-airline.page CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, carrier, fleet, officer, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Peabody Energy Announces Upsize And Pricing Of $950 Million Senior Secured Term Loan Facility Next PostNext LCI Industries to Acquire Italian-Based Manufacturer Sessa Klein Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 10525 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival. Post to Facebook Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kPfCZu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Today in the Sky Bart Jansen , USA TODAY 3:34 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 497 Shares U.S. airline pilots hope President Trump will overturn the Obama administration decision in December to allow Norwegian Air International to fly to the U.S.  (Photo: Creative Commons) Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival. The Air Line Pilots Association, which represents 55,000 pilots at 32 airlines, and other unions have filed a federal appeal to the Transportation Department’s decision in December to allow Norwegian flights. The unions have also urged President Trump to simply overturn the decision. But Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, said Tuesday that Norwegian is hiring U.S. crews and buying Boeing planes that are “a huge economic interest” for the country. Norwegian spokesman Anders Lindstrom said that no other foreign airline invests more in the American economy or creates more American jobs. The airline flies an all-Boeing fleet of 120 planes and has ordered 120 more, with 500 U.S. based crew members and hundreds more planned, he said Tuesday. Capt. Tim Canoll, ALPA’s president, told reporters during a conference call Wednesday that Trump himself had been vocal during the campaign and as president about protecting American jobs. “President Trump has not spoken on this issue,” Canoll said. “We have him speaking very clearly in his first few days as the president of the United States, and certainly as the president-elect and during the campaign, on this issues -- very unambiguous.” USA TODAY Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs USA TODAY Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air USA TODAY Norwegian Air plans U.S. expansion Trump repeated a campaign slogan at his inauguration Jan. 20 that his priority would be “America first.” “We will follow two simple rules: buy American and hire American,” Trump said. “Every decision on trade, on tax, on immigration, on foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and American families.” Unions opposed the Norwegian approval because the subsidiary of Norwegian Air Shuttle is headquartered in Ireland, which unions contend was done to skirt labor laws. Norwegian strongly denies that. Capt. Todd Insler, chairman of the Master Executive Council at United Airlines, told reporters that Norwegian Air Shuttle is already buying Boeing planes and flying to the U.S. so there is no need for the subsidiary. “The airplanes will be manufactured regardless. This isn’t providing any new jobs,” Insler said. “What this is about is skirting the labor law, so they can undercut the U.S. industry.” The comments about Norwegian came in the days leading up to a Thursday meeting between Trump and airline chief executives. ALPA isn’t invited, but there is some expectation about a discussion of the Norwegian arrangement and a dispute between the Big 3 U.S. carriers of American, Delta and United against state-owned rivals in the Middle East of Emirates, Etihad and Qatar. However, not all U.S. carriers have taken that viewpoint. Some U.S. carriers opposed the "Big 3" effort, including JetBlue and Hawaiian, which offer connections to the Middle East carriers, and FedEx and Atlas Air, which fly freight to the region. Those airlines have grouped together to help form a coalition called U.S. Airlines for Open Skies, which is opposed to the push being made by the U.S. Big 3. "The demands of the legacy carriers would reduce competition, undermine Open Skies, and harm the American economy,"  group spokesman Andrea McCarthy said in statement to Today in the Sky. "Rather than caving to these demands, we should support Open Skies agreements, which benefit American workers, the American military, made-in-America exports, and American travelers." Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kPfCZu Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air 490 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares Creature Craft: Making extreme whitewater rapids ... safe? 841 Shares Ariz.'s newest roadside oddity looks like it fell from space 223 Shares Michael Schwartz's Miami pizzeria is a must-try 138 Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 10525 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival. Post to Facebook Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kPfCZu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Today in the Sky Bart Jansen , USA TODAY 3:34 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 497 Shares U.S. airline pilots hope President Trump will overturn the Obama administration decision in December to allow Norwegian Air International to fly to the U.S.  (Photo: Creative Commons) Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival. The Air Line Pilots Association, which represents 55,000 pilots at 32 airlines, and other unions have filed a federal appeal to the Transportation Department’s decision in December to allow Norwegian flights. The unions have also urged President Trump to simply overturn the decision. But Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, said Tuesday that Norwegian is hiring U.S. crews and buying Boeing planes that are “a huge economic interest” for the country. Norwegian spokesman Anders Lindstrom said that no other foreign airline invests more in the American economy or creates more American jobs. The airline flies an all-Boeing fleet of 120 planes and has ordered 120 more, with 500 U.S. based crew members and hundreds more planned, he said Tuesday. Capt. Tim Canoll, ALPA’s president, told reporters during a conference call Wednesday that Trump himself had been vocal during the campaign and as president about protecting American jobs. “President Trump has not spoken on this issue,” Canoll said. “We have him speaking very clearly in his first few days as the president of the United States, and certainly as the president-elect and during the campaign, on this issues -- very unambiguous.” USA TODAY Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs USA TODAY Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air USA TODAY Norwegian Air plans U.S. expansion Trump repeated a campaign slogan at his inauguration Jan. 20 that his priority would be “America first.” “We will follow two simple rules: buy American and hire American,” Trump said. “Every decision on trade, on tax, on immigration, on foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and American families.” Unions opposed the Norwegian approval because the subsidiary of Norwegian Air Shuttle is headquartered in Ireland, which unions contend was done to skirt labor laws. Norwegian strongly denies that. Capt. Todd Insler, chairman of the Master Executive Council at United Airlines, told reporters that Norwegian Air Shuttle is already buying Boeing planes and flying to the U.S. so there is no need for the subsidiary. “The airplanes will be manufactured regardless. This isn’t providing any new jobs,” Insler said. “What this is about is skirting the labor law, so they can undercut the U.S. industry.” The comments about Norwegian came in the days leading up to a Thursday meeting between Trump and airline chief executives. ALPA isn’t invited, but there is some expectation about a discussion of the Norwegian arrangement and a dispute between the Big 3 U.S. carriers of American, Delta and United against state-owned rivals in the Middle East of Emirates, Etihad and Qatar. However, not all U.S. carriers have taken that viewpoint. Some U.S. carriers opposed the "Big 3" effort, including JetBlue and Hawaiian, which offer connections to the Middle East carriers, and FedEx and Atlas Air, which fly freight to the region. Those airlines have grouped together to help form a coalition called U.S. Airlines for Open Skies, which is opposed to the push being made by the U.S. Big 3. "The demands of the legacy carriers would reduce competition, undermine Open Skies, and harm the American economy,"  group spokesman Andrea McCarthy said in statement to Today in the Sky. "Rather than caving to these demands, we should support Open Skies agreements, which benefit American workers, the American military, made-in-America exports, and American travelers." Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kPfCZu Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air 490 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares Creature Craft: Making extreme whitewater rapids ... safe? 841 Shares Ariz.'s newest roadside oddity looks like it fell from space 223 Shares Michael Schwartz's Miami pizzeria is a must-try 138 Shares
Michael Hiltzik Columnist BUSINESS Michael Hiltzik Column Nordstrom stock shrugs off Trump's tweet attack, showing he's become a paper tiger Donald Trump, Ivanka Trump Evan Vucci / AP The people's business, or their own? President Donald Trump and daughter Ivanka at the White House earlier this month. The people's business, or their own? President Donald Trump and daughter Ivanka at the White House earlier this month. (Evan Vucci / AP) Michael HiltzikContact Reporter President Trump staged another tweet attack on an American corporation on Wednesday, this time raking Nordstrom Inc. for the supposed crime of dropping his daughter Ivanka’s fashion line. At about 10:51 a.m. New York time, Trump tweeted, “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” This attack follows Trump tweets aimed at Boeing and Lockheed Martin, but there are a few especially notable aspects to it. First, it was entirely personal: The critiques of Boeing and Lockheed were at least ostensibly related to public policy — he was questioning the cost of Defense Department procurements from those companies. But there’s no public policy aspect to whether Nordstrom continues to carry Ivanka’s merchandise, only the question of how much lucre flows into the Trump family’s pocket.  Second, this tweet was particularly incoherent. What could Ivanka’s being “a great person” have to do with Nordstrom’s business decisions, even assuming for the sake of argument that it’s true?  Third, and perhaps most important from a business standpoint, the market impact of Trump’s tweet was especially evanescent. The big retailer’s stock took a hit around the time of the tweet, falling about 0.65% to $42.47 as trading volume soared from about 6,700 shares in the minute or so before the tweet dropped to roughly a half-million shares during the four minutes that followed. But the action was over soon thereafter; by 2:01 p.m. New York time, Nordstrom was back above its pre-Trump peak. The shares closed at $44.53, a gain of more than 4% on a day when the rest of the market was essentially flat. With action like Nordstrom's stock saw on Wednesday, CEOs may hope their companies can attract a Trump tweet attack Ycharts With action like Nordstrom's stock saw on Wednesday, CEOs may hope their companies can attract a Trump tweet attack With action like Nordstrom's stock saw on Wednesday, CEOs may hope their companies can attract a Trump tweet attack (Ycharts) Nordstrom announced Feb. 2 that it was dropping Ivanka-branded shoes and handbags from its merchandise offerings starting with the spring season, which is starting now. The company attributed the decision to the brand’s poor “performance,” rather than to politics. When Trump first started hectoring corporations by name via Twitter, we observed that his market-moving tweets were a scandal waiting to happen. There was the chance that a member of his inner circle clued in to his tweeting plans might try to trade ahead of them. Moreover, these off-the-cuff tweets signaled that Trump was insensitive to the fact that every word of a president “is parsed to the nth degree, every thought magnified to global significance, no matter how casual or careless.” Accordingly, while it’s not uncommon for presidents to try to jawbone industries or even individual companies, it’s very unusual for a president to settle personal scores with a corporation using his bully pulpit. But the Nordstrom tweet appears to have eradicated the line between the public interest and Trump’s interest. That’s why it was termed “outrageous” in a tweet by Norm Eisen, a former chief ethics officer for the Obama White House and the co-founder of the watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington. Trump not only issued the tweet from his personal account, but retweeted it on his official @POTUS account. Trump spokesman Sean Spicer illustrated the depth of the Administration’s insensitivity to conflicts of interest in his defense of the tweet. Trump is “leading this country,” he said at a press briefing Wednesday. “For people to take out their concern about his actions or his executive orders on members of his family, he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success."  Criticism also came from the other side of the political divide, with Ari Fleischer, the former press secretary for George W. Bush, tweeting, “This is something a father would say. It’s not the type of thing a President of the United States should say.” And as Kevin Drum of Mother Jones observed, there’s an aspect of commercial favoritism to the Nordstrom’s tweet that makes it especially inappropriate: Nordstrom was not the only company that is dropping Ivanka’s merchandise. So have Neiman-Marcus and at least four other retailers. T.J. Maxx, which earlier was reported to have dropped Ivanka merchandise, has said it has incorporated the products into its regular racks, but hasn’t taken them out of inventory.  Nordstrom, as it happens, has been openly critical of Trump’s immigrant travel ban. The company’s three co-presidents — brothers Blake, Peter and Erik Nordstrom — issued a memo to employees observing that their company was founded by an immigrant, their great-grandfather John W. Nordstrom, and that today it employs thousands of first- and second-generation immigrants. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog. UPDATES: 12:58 p.m.: This post has been updated with a more complete quote from Trump spokesman Sean Spicer. 1:46 p.m.: This post has been updated with Nordstrom’s closing stock price. 3:08 p.m.: This post has been updated to clarify T.J. Maxx’s marketing of Ivanka merchandise. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Nordstrom Sean Spicer Lockheed Martin Corp. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 60°
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Airbus vs. Boeing: Who Makes the Better Plane? The pros and cons of Boeing’s and Airbus’ most popular models, and which company comes out on top. Motley Fool Staff Feb 8, 2017 at 2:18PM Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Airbus are the two largest airplane manufacturers in the world. In this clip from Industry Focus: Industrials, Sean O'Reilly and Adam Levine-Weinberg answer the question: Who makes the better plane? Find out the differences between the two companies' most popular models, who really controls how much space per passenger a plane gets, which company has better cabin pressure and why it matters for travelers, how the two companies compare with each other in terms of seat size, and more. Also, the hosts go into the difference in fuel efficiency between the two companies. Find out how much it matters, how it's calculated, which company comes out on top, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 26, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: I wanted to get you in here and answer the eternal question: Who makes a better plane, Boeing or Airbus? Adam Levine-Weinberg: It's a great question. We're going to slice this a few different ways. O'Reilly: I remember when I first posted this to you, and you were like, "Oh, that's a good one." Anyway, go ahead. Levine-Weinberg: To start off, I wanted to say, safety-wise, both of these companies make very safe airplanes these days. There's really no difference. Both of them have incredible safety records. Obviously, there are accidents sometimes. Most of the time, it's pilot error or some kind of human error. So, safety-wise, both of these companies know what they're doing; they make very reliable planes. When you get beyond that, there's some really interesting comparisons between the planes of both companies. We'll start off with what's probably the most important for a lot of the Fools listening to this show out there, which is passenger comfort. How do you feel when you're on the plane? Is there space? Do you feel like you're cramped in like a sardine? A lot of that actually doesn't depend so much on the airplane as much as it does on the airline itself, because the airlines have a lot of leeway to set up the plane the way they like. O'Reilly: So they can move the seats, is what you're saying? Levine-Weinberg: They can move the seats around in their own configuration. There are some limits to that, but not a lot. What's interesting is that, in general, Airbus planes tend to have wider seats than Boeing. And there's a few reasons for that. On the narrow-body side, these are the single-aisle planes that you see flying all around the United States and on some of the shorter international flights, the Boeing 737 is the best-selling plane in history. The runner-up is Airbus' A320, which is their competitor. And it just happens that the Boeing 737 has been around since the 1960s, and Boeing keeps just redesigning it and redesigning it. O'Reilly: Wow. So this is a 50-some-year-old plane now? Levine-Weinberg: When it was originally designed, it was a small plane meant to carry about 100 passengers. And now it's gotten up to 150 and even 200 passengers in many configurations. They made it longer; they have obviously upgraded of the engines several times; they've upgraded all of the interiors and the cockpits. But what they haven't done -- O'Reilly: They downgraded leg room -- I'm kidding. Levine-Weinberg: That's true, but again, that's up to the airlines. But what hasn't changed is the width. This was a plane that was originally meant for relatively short flights, so it's a little narrower than the Airbus A320, which was designed about 20 years later, in the '80s. The result is, generally speaking, the seats on a Boeing 737 are about a half inch to an inch narrower than the seats you'd see on an A320, and the aisle is often usually narrower, about a 7- or 8-inch difference. O'Reilly: Which doesn't sound like a lot, but you're talking about that on every seat. It adds up. Levine-Weinberg: Yeah. Critics of the industry have said that the average weight is going up, especially in the United States -- O'Reilly: I was going to make a joke, like, it's interesting that the European plane has the wider seats; what's up with that? Levine-Weinberg: Yeah, it's just from when it was designed and what it was designed for. The 737 grew into its current mission. Five or 10 years ago, Boeing was really strongly considering sunsetting the 737, getting a completely new design. But the problem is, when you think about the cost of a completely new plane compared to what it costs to upgrade one when it's already selling -- O'Reilly: There's no incentive, yeah. Levine-Weinberg: They've sold thousands of these, looking out five and even 10 years. So there's just no reason right now. O'Reilly: That's so funny, because the joke is obviously, oh, you Americans and your big cars, and Europe makes the slightly bigger plane. Levine-Weinberg: Yeah. You've seen the same thing on the widebody side. These are the planes with two aisles that you typically see on the longer haul international routes. The Airbus A330 and A350 were designed with 18-inch seats. If you talk to Airbus, they'll talk to you about how they love passenger comfort and they have decided that 18 inches is the correct width, and the seat can't be any less than that or you're going to be uncomfortable, especially when you're trying to sleep, or just stuck in your seat for a 12-hour flight. The funny thing is that Boeing didn't intend to have narrower seats on its widebody planes, which are the 777 and the 787, which is also popularly known as the Dreamliner. Those were actually designed with wider seats. The planes are actually so wide that airlines realized they could fit an extra seat in each row -- O'Reilly: Oh, here we go. Levine-Weinberg: -- so that's what they did. So, originally, these were meant to have 18-and-a-half-inch or 19-inch seats, even wider than the Airbus ones, and now virtually every airline, especially the ones that are taking the airplanes now as opposed to the ones that got them 15 or 20 years ago, in the case of the 777, they're all configuring them with an extra seat in each row. So, now, they have 17 inches of seat width, which is OK for a while, but a lot of passengers find that uncomfortable if you're traveling for a really long time. Other aspects of travel, the newest planes from both Boeing and Airbus, so this is the 787 from Boeing and the Airbus A350, they have some really innovative changes because of the new materials they're working with, they can keep the cabin a lot more humid than it used to be possible to do. They've also increased the air pressure so it's closer to the ground level pressure. Usually, it's pressurized now at about 6,000 feet instead of 8,000 feet. They've said that it greatly increases passenger comfort, and can also help a lot with reducing jet lag. So, those are two big improvements that both manufacturers have made. But just based on the seat width alone, Airbus has a bit of an edge over Boeing in terms of passenger comfort. O'Reilly: Got it. So I just took over an airline. I'm an executive at an airline. I was completely sold by Buffett's extremely modest investment in the sector. And I am coming to you and I am talking to Boeing and Airbus, and I'm like, "So, guys, biggest cost is fuel, it's oil, it's gasoline. Oil prices are cheap right now, gasoline, too, it's actually been a huge boon for the industry, but that might not last forever. Which of you guys is more fuel efficient?" Levine-Weinberg: Yeah, this is another big point where the two manufacturers disagree with each other and put out all kinds of statistics that are usually doctored in one way or another to show why their planes are so much more fuel efficient. The best people to talk to on this are actually the airlines, because they don't have a dog in the fight. Generally, when you talk to either the airlines or the aircraft leasing companies, historically, Boeing has had a small advantage in terms of fuel efficiency. It's not a lot -- O'Reilly: What do you mean by small? Levine-Weinberg: We're talking about maybe 2% or 3%, for a comparable generation of planes. So, obviously, a 20-year-old Airbus plane is going to be way behind a Boeing plane that just rolled off the assembly line today. But for what they're building at the same time, they've been pretty similar. On the narrowbody side, so, this is the 737 and the A320, historically, Boeing has had an advantage, and that may have disappeared just now. One of the problems with Boeing having this really old design that it keeps reusing for the 737 is that it can't use the same type of engines as Airbus has been able to use because the plane is very short. It's not very high off the ground. So without making really big changes to the landing gear to prop up the plane higher, they can't use bigger engines. And those bigger engines tend to have better fuel efficiency. O'Reilly: Yeah, just because of more surface area on the blades and stuff. Levine-Weinberg: It's very complicated science. The bigger engine creates more drag, which reduces the fuel efficiency, but the engine itself tends to be more efficient, and that usually more than balances it out. Boeing has found some workarounds. It got pretty close. But Boeing has typically talked about its next-generation plane, the 737 MAX, which is going to be available to the first airlines this year, as being about 13% better than the previous generation, whereas the new A320neo, which is the version of the A320 with upgraded engines, that's about a 15%-16% advantage in terms of fuel consumption. So that alone probably closed the 2%-3% advantage that Boeing had previously held over Airbus. So now, they're pretty much neck-and-neck on that. On the widebody side, the Boeing planes are also probably a little bit better, but it's pretty close, especially with the new A350, which is a new Airbus plane that came out a couple years ago. Then there's an upgraded engine version of the A330 that will be available early next year. With those coming from Airbus, it's pretty much neck-and-neck. And that's really not that surprising, because these two companies are using the same engine suppliers. And the engine, obviously, is the most important part of the plane in terms of determining how much fuel it uses. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 2:18PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Airbus vs. Boeing: Who Makes the Better Plane? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 10338 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Preemptive cancellations come ahead of heavy snow forecast at many bust Northeast airports. Post to Facebook Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Preemptive cancellations come ahead of heavy snow forecast at many bust Northeast airports.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k4gp4k {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 2:22 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 | Updated 9:02 a.m. ET Feb. 9, 2017 13k Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share JetBlue is among airlines cancelling flights around the country as the Northeast braces for its biggest snowstorm yet this season. USA TODAY NETWORK LATEST UPDATE: Thursday: Snowstorm snarls flights; 2,800 cancellations and growing ORIGINAL POST: Airlines had already canceled more than 2,300 flights for Thursday and nearly all were waiving change fees as a fast-moving winter storm threatened to bring heavy snow to portions of the Northeast. The storm was forecast to swipe a large area of the Northeast, possibly snarling flights at airports from Pennsylvania and New Jersey north into New York state and coastal New England. The airports in the Baltimore-Washington metro area also could be affected as forecasts called for rain changing to snow, though conditions were not expected to be as bad as to the north. FLIGHT TRACKER: Is your flight on time? USA TODAY Biggest snowstorm of winter to dump a foot in Northeast Ahead of the storm, airlines moved to preemptively cancel flights to avoid keeping crews and planes snowed in by the storm. By using such a tactic, carriers then aim for a quick restart once the weather passes and airports are able to clear snow from runways and taxiways. In the past, some airlines' operations have been snarled by trying to operate close to the storm's arrival -- sometimes leaving fliers stranded in planes or overnight in terminals. As of 5:20 p.m. ET, 2,293 flights had been canceled nationwide, according to flight-tracking service FlightAware. That total had been climbing rapidly Wednesday afternoon, suggesting the overall tally would climb even higher. There also were some cancellations starting to show up on schedules for Wednesday evening, though only about 420 cancellations had been reported nationwide as of 5:20 p.m. ET. That's a relatively modest number on a national basis. "Today is a mixed bag, but tomorrow, the New York and Boston areas are most impacted with 40% of their flight operations cancelled," FlightAware CEO Daniel Baker said in a statement. "We expect tomorrow and Thursday’s numbers to continue to rise as airlines finalize their plans and then asses the impact on how quickly they can recover." Already for Thursday, JetBlue had grounded more than 585 flights -- nearly 60% of its entire national schedule -- by early Wednesday afternoon. JetBlue’s two busiest hubs – New York JFK and Boston – were each expected to get a half-foot of snow or more, according to the latest forecasts. It appeared as though JetBlue might halt all or most of its schedules at both airports Thursday. Some of the company's Wednesday evening flights also were canceled. "In preparation for weather conditions, we are canceling a number of flights in advance of scheduled departure to give customers time to make necessary arrangements," JetBlue spokesman Philip Stewart said in a statement to Today in the Sky. "We are offering rebooking on the next available flight. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn December's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An American Airlines Boeing 737-800 passes in front of Mount Hood on final approach to land at PDX on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets on Los Angeles as an American Airlines Boeing 737-800 awaits a gate on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Aeroflot Airbus A330 departs LAX for decidely frostier climes on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The underside of an EVA Air Boeing 777-300 is illuminated by a sun-baked stretch of parking lots on final approach to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines' PSA-themed heritage jet sits in front of a US Airways-painted AA jet at Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Columbus Blue Jackets' private DC-9 rockets out of Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A family watches a Korean Air Airbus A380 float over a park next to Runway 25R at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Late '50s and early '60s style abounds in a retired DC-3 located at the Flight Path Learning Center in Los Angeles. The aircraft first flew in 1941 for now-defunct TWA, eventually flying executives for an oil company from 1950 to 1982.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Only a few dozen feet above the ground, a Virgin Atlantic Airbus A340-600's journey to LAX from London is nearly complete on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant uniform, most likely from early 1950s Japan Air Lines, seen on display at the Flight Path Learning Center in Los Angeles on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Its iconic shape clear from a distance, a KLM Boeing 747-400 leads a line-up of arrivals to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 departs LAX on Nov. 7, 2015, as a trio of international tails await their next flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Crossing over L.A.'s famous Sepulveda Boulevard, a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 is about to complete its journey to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two Boeing 737s bearing the mark of recently defunct Russian carrier Transaero await conversion to a new owner in Everett, Wash., on Nov. 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Qantas Boeing 747-400 is towed to a remote parking location at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Markers on the tarmac denote wheel placements for a dizzying array of widebody jets at Los Angeles International Airport's Tom Bradley International Terminal on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen With beautiful orange foliage providing a scenic backdrop, an Alaska Airlines Q400 turboprop departs Portland International Airport in Portland, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 717-200 taxis to a gate at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen KLM's first Boeing 787 Dreamliner takes off on its delivery flight to Amsterdam from Boeing's enormous Everett, Wash., factory on Nov. 13, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Flanked by Mount Hood, a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at PDX on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A 1979 Beech 76 takes off in the shadow of an Emirates Boeing 777-300 at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in November of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Spectators gather to watch an Emirates Boeing 777-300 take off on its delivery flight to Dubai on Nov. 21, 2015 in Everett, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A small bush plane performs a go-around at the Pacific City State Airport in Pacific City, Ore., on Nov. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A visitor takes in the unusual shape of the Mini Guppy, located at the Tillamook Air Museum in Tillamook, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Nord 1101 Noralpha sport plane casts a reflection on a puddle at the Tillamook Air Museum in Tillamook, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Charlotte Douglas International Airport, seen from above on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta MD-80 jet lands in wet, pre-dawn weather at Minneapolis St-Paul Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unique six-wheel bogie on the Boeing 777 main landing gear rolls by at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers walk through Terminal Two at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Aircraft fill the gates before the pre-dawn rush at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide American, which also has multiple hubs in the storm’s path, grounded more than 300 “mainline” flights for Thursday and another 450 on its regional affiliates, according to spokesman Ross Feinstein. American’s hubs at Philadelphia, New York JFK and New York LaGuardia each were expected to get significant snow. That would be all but certain to snarl flights at the delay-prone airports, each of which experience disruptions even in minor weather events. American also operates a hub at Washington’s Reagan National Airport, where rain is expected to switch to snow early Thursday. Southwest had canceled about 255 of its Thursday flights -- or about 6% of its daily schedule -- as of 4:50 p.m. ET, according to FlightAware's count. United had grounded about 215 of its mainline flights for Thursday, though cancellations on its regional affiliates could double that total. The snow-related complications follow what was already a rough Thursday for United. The Chicago Tribune reported the carrier suffered nationwide delays Wednesday because of "a systemwide computer problem affecting flight plans." The issue didn't lead to a massive wave of cancellations, but it did snarl United's punctuality. About one out of every three United flights was operating behind schedule on Wednesday, according to FlightAware. Delta had cancelled about 350 flights from late Wednesday into Thursday, with the "bulk" of that total coming for Thursday, spokesman Michael Thomas said. Most of the cancellations so far have been on Delta's Delta Connection regional affiliates. Delta operates hubs at LaGuardia and JFK airports and it has a significant presence at Boston Logan, so those cancellation totals could grow if the storm severely hampers operating conditions at those airports. Overall, cancellation tallies across all airlines appeared likely grow as the storm forecast became more certain. Nearly all big airlines flying to airports in the storm’s path were waiving change fees. Scroll down to links to the weather waiver policies in place at big U.S. airlines: Alaska Airlines Allegiant American Airlines Delta Air Lines Frontier Airlines JetBlue Southwest Spirit Airlines United Airlines Virgin America TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn December's #avgeek photo gallery (2016)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Russian-built Ilyushin IL-76 cargo jet rests in the rain as it awaits a load of heavy drilling equipment at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Thrust reversers on a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 kick up rain on a wet runway at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An XTRAirways Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Downtown Salt Lake City and mountains provide a stunning backdrop as a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 comes to a stop at Salt Lake City International Airport on Nov. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-700 taxis to a gate at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines jets move about Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga special cargo jet, based on a highly modified A300, takes off from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-200 taxies out for departure to Europe from Chicago O'Hare International Airport as the Willis Tower, home to the carrier's headquarters, looms in the background in this photo from Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Paris' Charles de Gaulle's iconic Terminal 2 is seen on Nov. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets taxi around Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A WestAir Airbus A320 takes off on a test flight from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines tails line up at Terminal 3 at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers deboard an American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-700 at Providence T.F. Green International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unusual VIP Douglas DC-9 rockets out of Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Embraer E190 takes off from Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 737 takes off over a company Airbus A321 from Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Boeing 737 MAX8 returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Nov. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Boeing 737 MAX8 returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Nov. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 777-200, operating a charter flight, lands at Boeing Field in Seattle on Nov. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 Pegasus tanker jet, destined for the U.S. Air Force, lands at Seattle's Boeing Field on Nov. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The northern lights put on a dazzling display over Greenland, seen from a Delta Air Lines flight from Seattle to Paris on Nov. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air France Boeing 777-300 rests at the gate at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport in France on Nov. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A brand-new RwandAir Airbus A330 departs on a test flight from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Airbus A350-1000 soars into gray skies after making its maiden flight, leaving Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus A350-900 destined for Cathay Pacifc is towed across an Airbus company ramp at Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A330 MRTT aerial refueling tanker takes off after a touch and go from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A350-1000 widebody jet returns to Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016 after its maiden flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The new Airbus A321neo narrowbody jet makes an appearance at Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide YOUR TAKE: Snow hard feelings: Winter is here and it's beautiful FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Snow hard feelings: Winter is here and it's beautiful  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A pop of color in a white wonderland in Indiana.  Brock Willis, Your Take Fullscreen Wildlife bears the cold in Estes Park, Colo.  Derek Jerrell, Your Take Fullscreen New Yorkers take a winter stroll along Fifth Avenue in New York City.  Kelly R. Kopp, Your Take Fullscreen Manhattan gets a light dusting of snow during a winter day.  Brittany Sullivan, Your Take Fullscreen Snow dumps on Lake Tahoe-Nevada State Park.  Eleanor Preger, Your Take Fullscreen Entrance to Yellowstone National Park at sunrise.  Emily Lester, Your Take Fullscreen Children sled on the U.S. Capitol's steps in Washington, D.C.  James Jackson, Your Take Fullscreen Snow covers cars in Fairfax, Va.  John Ernst, Your Take Fullscreen A serene snowscape in State College, Pa.  Sylvie Abrams, Your Take Fullscreen People play in the snow in the middle of Times Square in New York City.  Kelly Kopp, Your Take Fullscreen Snow flurries at dusk in Alexandria, Va.  Chris Duncan, Your Take Fullscreen Snow tops cars on the side of the street in New York City.  Ashish Prashar, Your Take Fullscreen Fog and snow freeze in Nashville.  Tom Irvin, Your Take Fullscreen Snow just begins to melt in New York City.  Rosalie Espinosa Quinto, Your Take Fullscreen A driveway is buried in Front Royal, Va.  Candice Trimble, Your Take Fullscreen Sun reflections and lenticular clouds merge at Mount Rose near Reno.  Eleanor Preger, Your Take Fullscreen A puppy plays in the snow in Morgantown, W.Va.  Steven Royce, Your Take Fullscreen A picturesque scene of a walkway carved into the snow in Rochester, N.Y.  Rebaz Saleh, Your Take Fullscreen Snowfall illuminates the area of Promontory Point in Chicago.  Samantha Clark, Your Take Fullscreen Heavy snow builds in Snoqualmie Pass in Washington state.  Gary Cranston, Your Take Fullscreen Frost clings to wood in Front Royal, Va.  Candice Trimble, Your Take Fullscreen Snow tops branches in Randolph, N.Y.  Erica Brecher, Your Take Fullscreen Lake Michigan receives a few inches of snow.  Amy Modaff, Your Take Fullscreen A fresh snow falls somewhere in Delaware.  Jon Lloyd Jr., Your Take Fullscreen The Gateway Arch peeks out through a white wonderland in downtown St. Louis.  Debbie Fenelon, Your Take Fullscreen The framework of an Ohio snowflake clings to the surface.  Jeffrey Goodman, Your Take Fullscreen A blue jay enjoys the scene in Missouri.  Tammi Elbert, Your Take Fullscreen Lake Wenatchee State Park gets covered up.  Rachel Robert, Your Take Fullscreen Trevor Mahlmann encountered a snowy, but sunny morning on Purdue University's campus in West Lafayette, Ind.  Trevor Mahlmann, Your Take Fullscreen A light and dusty snowfall hits Central Park in New York City.  Rosalie Espinosa Quinto, Your Take Fullscreen The sun goes down over the Mississippi River as the snow sticks in St. Louis.  Debbie Fenelon, Your Take Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY The 'boneyard': Where airlines send old planes to be scrapped FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: Riding a retiring jetliner to the airline 'boneyard'  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The remains of a Thai Airways Airbus A300 are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 is en route from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The spartan crew on this retirement flight exited via the MD-80’s tailcone stairs after it  arrived at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes being raided for parts are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Parts -- and planes being raided for parts -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Some Boeing 747s are among the idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft -- their branding obscured --- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen amid scattered airplane parts at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes -- and pieces of planes -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Capt. Pat Walsh takes in the sight of retired planes at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Spare plane parts are big business at Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Birds eerily make themselves at home amid idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft are seen with their branding obscured at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Flight 9780 departs Dallas/Fort Worth for Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This red 1962 Lockheed JetStar JT 12-5 once flew Elvis, according to American’s staff at Roswell.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bus stop adjacent to the Roswell "boneyard" plays right along with the aviation them.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen There's also a regular passenger airline terminal adjacent to the boneyard.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets behind idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 54 2 of 54 3 of 54 4 of 54 5 of 54 6 of 54 7 of 54 8 of 54 9 of 54 10 of 54 11 of 54 12 of 54 13 of 54 14 of 54 15 of 54 16 of 54 17 of 54 18 of 54 19 of 54 20 of 54 21 of 54 22 of 54 23 of 54 24 of 54 25 of 54 26 of 54 27 of 54 28 of 54 29 of 54 30 of 54 31 of 54 32 of 54 33 of 54 34 of 54 35 of 54 36 of 54 37 of 54 38 of 54 39 of 54 40 of 54 41 of 54 42 of 54 43 of 54 44 of 54 45 of 54 46 of 54 47 of 54 48 of 54 49 of 54 50 of 54 51 of 54 52 of 54 53 of 54 54 of 54 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k4gp4k Most Popular Vote to help us name our Grand Canyon mule 35 Shares Hotel loyalty programs get more hospitable 135 Shares Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs 439 Shares Ariz.'s newest roadside oddity looks like it fell from space 223 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 10338 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Preemptive cancellations come ahead of heavy snow forecast at many bust Northeast airports. Post to Facebook Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Preemptive cancellations come ahead of heavy snow forecast at many bust Northeast airports.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k4gp4k {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 2:22 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 | Updated 9:02 a.m. ET Feb. 9, 2017 13k Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share JetBlue is among airlines cancelling flights around the country as the Northeast braces for its biggest snowstorm yet this season. USA TODAY NETWORK LATEST UPDATE: Thursday: Snowstorm snarls flights; 2,800 cancellations and growing ORIGINAL POST: Airlines had already canceled more than 2,300 flights for Thursday and nearly all were waiving change fees as a fast-moving winter storm threatened to bring heavy snow to portions of the Northeast. The storm was forecast to swipe a large area of the Northeast, possibly snarling flights at airports from Pennsylvania and New Jersey north into New York state and coastal New England. The airports in the Baltimore-Washington metro area also could be affected as forecasts called for rain changing to snow, though conditions were not expected to be as bad as to the north. FLIGHT TRACKER: Is your flight on time? USA TODAY Biggest snowstorm of winter to dump a foot in Northeast Ahead of the storm, airlines moved to preemptively cancel flights to avoid keeping crews and planes snowed in by the storm. By using such a tactic, carriers then aim for a quick restart once the weather passes and airports are able to clear snow from runways and taxiways. In the past, some airlines' operations have been snarled by trying to operate close to the storm's arrival -- sometimes leaving fliers stranded in planes or overnight in terminals. As of 5:20 p.m. ET, 2,293 flights had been canceled nationwide, according to flight-tracking service FlightAware. That total had been climbing rapidly Wednesday afternoon, suggesting the overall tally would climb even higher. There also were some cancellations starting to show up on schedules for Wednesday evening, though only about 420 cancellations had been reported nationwide as of 5:20 p.m. ET. That's a relatively modest number on a national basis. "Today is a mixed bag, but tomorrow, the New York and Boston areas are most impacted with 40% of their flight operations cancelled," FlightAware CEO Daniel Baker said in a statement. "We expect tomorrow and Thursday’s numbers to continue to rise as airlines finalize their plans and then asses the impact on how quickly they can recover." Already for Thursday, JetBlue had grounded more than 585 flights -- nearly 60% of its entire national schedule -- by early Wednesday afternoon. JetBlue’s two busiest hubs – New York JFK and Boston – were each expected to get a half-foot of snow or more, according to the latest forecasts. It appeared as though JetBlue might halt all or most of its schedules at both airports Thursday. Some of the company's Wednesday evening flights also were canceled. "In preparation for weather conditions, we are canceling a number of flights in advance of scheduled departure to give customers time to make necessary arrangements," JetBlue spokesman Philip Stewart said in a statement to Today in the Sky. "We are offering rebooking on the next available flight. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn December's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An American Airlines Boeing 737-800 passes in front of Mount Hood on final approach to land at PDX on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets on Los Angeles as an American Airlines Boeing 737-800 awaits a gate on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Aeroflot Airbus A330 departs LAX for decidely frostier climes on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The underside of an EVA Air Boeing 777-300 is illuminated by a sun-baked stretch of parking lots on final approach to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines' PSA-themed heritage jet sits in front of a US Airways-painted AA jet at Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Columbus Blue Jackets' private DC-9 rockets out of Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A family watches a Korean Air Airbus A380 float over a park next to Runway 25R at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Late '50s and early '60s style abounds in a retired DC-3 located at the Flight Path Learning Center in Los Angeles. The aircraft first flew in 1941 for now-defunct TWA, eventually flying executives for an oil company from 1950 to 1982.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Only a few dozen feet above the ground, a Virgin Atlantic Airbus A340-600's journey to LAX from London is nearly complete on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant uniform, most likely from early 1950s Japan Air Lines, seen on display at the Flight Path Learning Center in Los Angeles on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Its iconic shape clear from a distance, a KLM Boeing 747-400 leads a line-up of arrivals to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 departs LAX on Nov. 7, 2015, as a trio of international tails await their next flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Crossing over L.A.'s famous Sepulveda Boulevard, a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 is about to complete its journey to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two Boeing 737s bearing the mark of recently defunct Russian carrier Transaero await conversion to a new owner in Everett, Wash., on Nov. 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Qantas Boeing 747-400 is towed to a remote parking location at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Markers on the tarmac denote wheel placements for a dizzying array of widebody jets at Los Angeles International Airport's Tom Bradley International Terminal on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen With beautiful orange foliage providing a scenic backdrop, an Alaska Airlines Q400 turboprop departs Portland International Airport in Portland, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 717-200 taxis to a gate at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen KLM's first Boeing 787 Dreamliner takes off on its delivery flight to Amsterdam from Boeing's enormous Everett, Wash., factory on Nov. 13, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Flanked by Mount Hood, a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at PDX on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A 1979 Beech 76 takes off in the shadow of an Emirates Boeing 777-300 at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in November of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Spectators gather to watch an Emirates Boeing 777-300 take off on its delivery flight to Dubai on Nov. 21, 2015 in Everett, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A small bush plane performs a go-around at the Pacific City State Airport in Pacific City, Ore., on Nov. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A visitor takes in the unusual shape of the Mini Guppy, located at the Tillamook Air Museum in Tillamook, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Nord 1101 Noralpha sport plane casts a reflection on a puddle at the Tillamook Air Museum in Tillamook, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Charlotte Douglas International Airport, seen from above on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta MD-80 jet lands in wet, pre-dawn weather at Minneapolis St-Paul Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unique six-wheel bogie on the Boeing 777 main landing gear rolls by at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers walk through Terminal Two at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Aircraft fill the gates before the pre-dawn rush at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide American, which also has multiple hubs in the storm’s path, grounded more than 300 “mainline” flights for Thursday and another 450 on its regional affiliates, according to spokesman Ross Feinstein. American’s hubs at Philadelphia, New York JFK and New York LaGuardia each were expected to get significant snow. That would be all but certain to snarl flights at the delay-prone airports, each of which experience disruptions even in minor weather events. American also operates a hub at Washington’s Reagan National Airport, where rain is expected to switch to snow early Thursday. Southwest had canceled about 255 of its Thursday flights -- or about 6% of its daily schedule -- as of 4:50 p.m. ET, according to FlightAware's count. United had grounded about 215 of its mainline flights for Thursday, though cancellations on its regional affiliates could double that total. The snow-related complications follow what was already a rough Thursday for United. The Chicago Tribune reported the carrier suffered nationwide delays Wednesday because of "a systemwide computer problem affecting flight plans." The issue didn't lead to a massive wave of cancellations, but it did snarl United's punctuality. About one out of every three United flights was operating behind schedule on Wednesday, according to FlightAware. Delta had cancelled about 350 flights from late Wednesday into Thursday, with the "bulk" of that total coming for Thursday, spokesman Michael Thomas said. Most of the cancellations so far have been on Delta's Delta Connection regional affiliates. Delta operates hubs at LaGuardia and JFK airports and it has a significant presence at Boston Logan, so those cancellation totals could grow if the storm severely hampers operating conditions at those airports. Overall, cancellation tallies across all airlines appeared likely grow as the storm forecast became more certain. Nearly all big airlines flying to airports in the storm’s path were waiving change fees. Scroll down to links to the weather waiver policies in place at big U.S. airlines: Alaska Airlines Allegiant American Airlines Delta Air Lines Frontier Airlines JetBlue Southwest Spirit Airlines United Airlines Virgin America TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn December's #avgeek photo gallery (2016)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Russian-built Ilyushin IL-76 cargo jet rests in the rain as it awaits a load of heavy drilling equipment at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Thrust reversers on a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 kick up rain on a wet runway at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An XTRAirways Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Downtown Salt Lake City and mountains provide a stunning backdrop as a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 comes to a stop at Salt Lake City International Airport on Nov. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-700 taxis to a gate at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines jets move about Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga special cargo jet, based on a highly modified A300, takes off from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-200 taxies out for departure to Europe from Chicago O'Hare International Airport as the Willis Tower, home to the carrier's headquarters, looms in the background in this photo from Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Paris' Charles de Gaulle's iconic Terminal 2 is seen on Nov. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets taxi around Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A WestAir Airbus A320 takes off on a test flight from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines tails line up at Terminal 3 at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers deboard an American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-700 at Providence T.F. Green International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unusual VIP Douglas DC-9 rockets out of Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Embraer E190 takes off from Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 737 takes off over a company Airbus A321 from Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Boeing 737 MAX8 returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Nov. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Boeing 737 MAX8 returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Nov. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 777-200, operating a charter flight, lands at Boeing Field in Seattle on Nov. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 Pegasus tanker jet, destined for the U.S. Air Force, lands at Seattle's Boeing Field on Nov. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The northern lights put on a dazzling display over Greenland, seen from a Delta Air Lines flight from Seattle to Paris on Nov. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air France Boeing 777-300 rests at the gate at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport in France on Nov. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A brand-new RwandAir Airbus A330 departs on a test flight from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Airbus A350-1000 soars into gray skies after making its maiden flight, leaving Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus A350-900 destined for Cathay Pacifc is towed across an Airbus company ramp at Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A330 MRTT aerial refueling tanker takes off after a touch and go from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A350-1000 widebody jet returns to Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016 after its maiden flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The new Airbus A321neo narrowbody jet makes an appearance at Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide YOUR TAKE: Snow hard feelings: Winter is here and it's beautiful FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Snow hard feelings: Winter is here and it's beautiful  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A pop of color in a white wonderland in Indiana.  Brock Willis, Your Take Fullscreen Wildlife bears the cold in Estes Park, Colo.  Derek Jerrell, Your Take Fullscreen New Yorkers take a winter stroll along Fifth Avenue in New York City.  Kelly R. Kopp, Your Take Fullscreen Manhattan gets a light dusting of snow during a winter day.  Brittany Sullivan, Your Take Fullscreen Snow dumps on Lake Tahoe-Nevada State Park.  Eleanor Preger, Your Take Fullscreen Entrance to Yellowstone National Park at sunrise.  Emily Lester, Your Take Fullscreen Children sled on the U.S. Capitol's steps in Washington, D.C.  James Jackson, Your Take Fullscreen Snow covers cars in Fairfax, Va.  John Ernst, Your Take Fullscreen A serene snowscape in State College, Pa.  Sylvie Abrams, Your Take Fullscreen People play in the snow in the middle of Times Square in New York City.  Kelly Kopp, Your Take Fullscreen Snow flurries at dusk in Alexandria, Va.  Chris Duncan, Your Take Fullscreen Snow tops cars on the side of the street in New York City.  Ashish Prashar, Your Take Fullscreen Fog and snow freeze in Nashville.  Tom Irvin, Your Take Fullscreen Snow just begins to melt in New York City.  Rosalie Espinosa Quinto, Your Take Fullscreen A driveway is buried in Front Royal, Va.  Candice Trimble, Your Take Fullscreen Sun reflections and lenticular clouds merge at Mount Rose near Reno.  Eleanor Preger, Your Take Fullscreen A puppy plays in the snow in Morgantown, W.Va.  Steven Royce, Your Take Fullscreen A picturesque scene of a walkway carved into the snow in Rochester, N.Y.  Rebaz Saleh, Your Take Fullscreen Snowfall illuminates the area of Promontory Point in Chicago.  Samantha Clark, Your Take Fullscreen Heavy snow builds in Snoqualmie Pass in Washington state.  Gary Cranston, Your Take Fullscreen Frost clings to wood in Front Royal, Va.  Candice Trimble, Your Take Fullscreen Snow tops branches in Randolph, N.Y.  Erica Brecher, Your Take Fullscreen Lake Michigan receives a few inches of snow.  Amy Modaff, Your Take Fullscreen A fresh snow falls somewhere in Delaware.  Jon Lloyd Jr., Your Take Fullscreen The Gateway Arch peeks out through a white wonderland in downtown St. Louis.  Debbie Fenelon, Your Take Fullscreen The framework of an Ohio snowflake clings to the surface.  Jeffrey Goodman, Your Take Fullscreen A blue jay enjoys the scene in Missouri.  Tammi Elbert, Your Take Fullscreen Lake Wenatchee State Park gets covered up.  Rachel Robert, Your Take Fullscreen Trevor Mahlmann encountered a snowy, but sunny morning on Purdue University's campus in West Lafayette, Ind.  Trevor Mahlmann, Your Take Fullscreen A light and dusty snowfall hits Central Park in New York City.  Rosalie Espinosa Quinto, Your Take Fullscreen The sun goes down over the Mississippi River as the snow sticks in St. Louis.  Debbie Fenelon, Your Take Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY The 'boneyard': Where airlines send old planes to be scrapped FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: Riding a retiring jetliner to the airline 'boneyard'  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The remains of a Thai Airways Airbus A300 are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 is en route from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The spartan crew on this retirement flight exited via the MD-80’s tailcone stairs after it  arrived at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes being raided for parts are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Parts -- and planes being raided for parts -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Some Boeing 747s are among the idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft -- their branding obscured --- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen amid scattered airplane parts at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes -- and pieces of planes -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Capt. Pat Walsh takes in the sight of retired planes at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Spare plane parts are big business at Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Birds eerily make themselves at home amid idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft are seen with their branding obscured at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Flight 9780 departs Dallas/Fort Worth for Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This red 1962 Lockheed JetStar JT 12-5 once flew Elvis, according to American’s staff at Roswell.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bus stop adjacent to the Roswell "boneyard" plays right along with the aviation them.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen There's also a regular passenger airline terminal adjacent to the boneyard.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets behind idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 54 2 of 54 3 of 54 4 of 54 5 of 54 6 of 54 7 of 54 8 of 54 9 of 54 10 of 54 11 of 54 12 of 54 13 of 54 14 of 54 15 of 54 16 of 54 17 of 54 18 of 54 19 of 54 20 of 54 21 of 54 22 of 54 23 of 54 24 of 54 25 of 54 26 of 54 27 of 54 28 of 54 29 of 54 30 of 54 31 of 54 32 of 54 33 of 54 34 of 54 35 of 54 36 of 54 37 of 54 38 of 54 39 of 54 40 of 54 41 of 54 42 of 54 43 of 54 44 of 54 45 of 54 46 of 54 47 of 54 48 of 54 49 of 54 50 of 54 51 of 54 52 of 54 53 of 54 54 of 54 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k4gp4k Most Popular Vote to help us name our Grand Canyon mule 35 Shares Hotel loyalty programs get more hospitable 135 Shares Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs 439 Shares Ariz.'s newest roadside oddity looks like it fell from space 223 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Airbus vs. Boeing: Who Makes the Better Plane? The pros and cons of Boeing’s and Airbus’ most popular models, and which company comes out on top. Motley Fool Staff Feb 8, 2017 at 2:18PM Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Airbus are the two largest airplane manufacturers in the world. In this clip from Industry Focus: Industrials, Sean O'Reilly and Adam Levine-Weinberg answer the question: Who makes the better plane? Find out the differences between the two companies' most popular models, who really controls how much space per passenger a plane gets, which company has better cabin pressure and why it matters for travelers, how the two companies compare with each other in terms of seat size, and more. Also, the hosts go into the difference in fuel efficiency between the two companies. Find out how much it matters, how it's calculated, which company comes out on top, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 26, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: I wanted to get you in here and answer the eternal question: Who makes a better plane, Boeing or Airbus? Adam Levine-Weinberg: It's a great question. We're going to slice this a few different ways. O'Reilly: I remember when I first posted this to you, and you were like, "Oh, that's a good one." Anyway, go ahead. Levine-Weinberg: To start off, I wanted to say, safety-wise, both of these companies make very safe airplanes these days. There's really no difference. Both of them have incredible safety records. Obviously, there are accidents sometimes. Most of the time, it's pilot error or some kind of human error. So, safety-wise, both of these companies know what they're doing; they make very reliable planes. When you get beyond that, there's some really interesting comparisons between the planes of both companies. We'll start off with what's probably the most important for a lot of the Fools listening to this show out there, which is passenger comfort. How do you feel when you're on the plane? Is there space? Do you feel like you're cramped in like a sardine? A lot of that actually doesn't depend so much on the airplane as much as it does on the airline itself, because the airlines have a lot of leeway to set up the plane the way they like. O'Reilly: So they can move the seats, is what you're saying? Levine-Weinberg: They can move the seats around in their own configuration. There are some limits to that, but not a lot. What's interesting is that, in general, Airbus planes tend to have wider seats than Boeing. And there's a few reasons for that. On the narrow-body side, these are the single-aisle planes that you see flying all around the United States and on some of the shorter international flights, the Boeing 737 is the best-selling plane in history. The runner-up is Airbus' A320, which is their competitor. And it just happens that the Boeing 737 has been around since the 1960s, and Boeing keeps just redesigning it and redesigning it. O'Reilly: Wow. So this is a 50-some-year-old plane now? Levine-Weinberg: When it was originally designed, it was a small plane meant to carry about 100 passengers. And now it's gotten up to 150 and even 200 passengers in many configurations. They made it longer; they have obviously upgraded of the engines several times; they've upgraded all of the interiors and the cockpits. But what they haven't done -- O'Reilly: They downgraded leg room -- I'm kidding. Levine-Weinberg: That's true, but again, that's up to the airlines. But what hasn't changed is the width. This was a plane that was originally meant for relatively short flights, so it's a little narrower than the Airbus A320, which was designed about 20 years later, in the '80s. The result is, generally speaking, the seats on a Boeing 737 are about a half inch to an inch narrower than the seats you'd see on an A320, and the aisle is often usually narrower, about a 7- or 8-inch difference. O'Reilly: Which doesn't sound like a lot, but you're talking about that on every seat. It adds up. Levine-Weinberg: Yeah. Critics of the industry have said that the average weight is going up, especially in the United States -- O'Reilly: I was going to make a joke, like, it's interesting that the European plane has the wider seats; what's up with that? Levine-Weinberg: Yeah, it's just from when it was designed and what it was designed for. The 737 grew into its current mission. Five or 10 years ago, Boeing was really strongly considering sunsetting the 737, getting a completely new design. But the problem is, when you think about the cost of a completely new plane compared to what it costs to upgrade one when it's already selling -- O'Reilly: There's no incentive, yeah. Levine-Weinberg: They've sold thousands of these, looking out five and even 10 years. So there's just no reason right now. O'Reilly: That's so funny, because the joke is obviously, oh, you Americans and your big cars, and Europe makes the slightly bigger plane. Levine-Weinberg: Yeah. You've seen the same thing on the widebody side. These are the planes with two aisles that you typically see on the longer haul international routes. The Airbus A330 and A350 were designed with 18-inch seats. If you talk to Airbus, they'll talk to you about how they love passenger comfort and they have decided that 18 inches is the correct width, and the seat can't be any less than that or you're going to be uncomfortable, especially when you're trying to sleep, or just stuck in your seat for a 12-hour flight. The funny thing is that Boeing didn't intend to have narrower seats on its widebody planes, which are the 777 and the 787, which is also popularly known as the Dreamliner. Those were actually designed with wider seats. The planes are actually so wide that airlines realized they could fit an extra seat in each row -- O'Reilly: Oh, here we go. Levine-Weinberg: -- so that's what they did. So, originally, these were meant to have 18-and-a-half-inch or 19-inch seats, even wider than the Airbus ones, and now virtually every airline, especially the ones that are taking the airplanes now as opposed to the ones that got them 15 or 20 years ago, in the case of the 777, they're all configuring them with an extra seat in each row. So, now, they have 17 inches of seat width, which is OK for a while, but a lot of passengers find that uncomfortable if you're traveling for a really long time. Other aspects of travel, the newest planes from both Boeing and Airbus, so this is the 787 from Boeing and the Airbus A350, they have some really innovative changes because of the new materials they're working with, they can keep the cabin a lot more humid than it used to be possible to do. They've also increased the air pressure so it's closer to the ground level pressure. Usually, it's pressurized now at about 6,000 feet instead of 8,000 feet. They've said that it greatly increases passenger comfort, and can also help a lot with reducing jet lag. So, those are two big improvements that both manufacturers have made. But just based on the seat width alone, Airbus has a bit of an edge over Boeing in terms of passenger comfort. O'Reilly: Got it. So I just took over an airline. I'm an executive at an airline. I was completely sold by Buffett's extremely modest investment in the sector. And I am coming to you and I am talking to Boeing and Airbus, and I'm like, "So, guys, biggest cost is fuel, it's oil, it's gasoline. Oil prices are cheap right now, gasoline, too, it's actually been a huge boon for the industry, but that might not last forever. Which of you guys is more fuel efficient?" Levine-Weinberg: Yeah, this is another big point where the two manufacturers disagree with each other and put out all kinds of statistics that are usually doctored in one way or another to show why their planes are so much more fuel efficient. The best people to talk to on this are actually the airlines, because they don't have a dog in the fight. Generally, when you talk to either the airlines or the aircraft leasing companies, historically, Boeing has had a small advantage in terms of fuel efficiency. It's not a lot -- O'Reilly: What do you mean by small? Levine-Weinberg: We're talking about maybe 2% or 3%, for a comparable generation of planes. So, obviously, a 20-year-old Airbus plane is going to be way behind a Boeing plane that just rolled off the assembly line today. But for what they're building at the same time, they've been pretty similar. On the narrowbody side, so, this is the 737 and the A320, historically, Boeing has had an advantage, and that may have disappeared just now. One of the problems with Boeing having this really old design that it keeps reusing for the 737 is that it can't use the same type of engines as Airbus has been able to use because the plane is very short. It's not very high off the ground. So without making really big changes to the landing gear to prop up the plane higher, they can't use bigger engines. And those bigger engines tend to have better fuel efficiency. O'Reilly: Yeah, just because of more surface area on the blades and stuff. Levine-Weinberg: It's very complicated science. The bigger engine creates more drag, which reduces the fuel efficiency, but the engine itself tends to be more efficient, and that usually more than balances it out. Boeing has found some workarounds. It got pretty close. But Boeing has typically talked about its next-generation plane, the 737 MAX, which is going to be available to the first airlines this year, as being about 13% better than the previous generation, whereas the new A320neo, which is the version of the A320 with upgraded engines, that's about a 15%-16% advantage in terms of fuel consumption. So that alone probably closed the 2%-3% advantage that Boeing had previously held over Airbus. So now, they're pretty much neck-and-neck on that. On the widebody side, the Boeing planes are also probably a little bit better, but it's pretty close, especially with the new A350, which is a new Airbus plane that came out a couple years ago. Then there's an upgraded engine version of the A330 that will be available early next year. With those coming from Airbus, it's pretty much neck-and-neck. And that's really not that surprising, because these two companies are using the same engine suppliers. And the engine, obviously, is the most important part of the plane in terms of determining how much fuel it uses. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 2:18PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Airbus vs. Boeing: Who Makes the Better Plane? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News RBI keeps status quo on policy, wants banks to lower rates HDFC ERGO awarded for excellence in financial reporting Business Standard Boeing sets up Boeing Defence India in supply play Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  February 8, 2017 Last Updated at 20:43 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTMw6x ALSO READ Reliance Defence bags Rs 916 cr contract from Defence Ministry India giving "hard-hitting reply" to Pak: Defence Ministry on ceasefire violations Rel Defence aims to export naval, military equipment Parrikar launches upgraded Department of Defence Production, Ministry of Defence websites EC seeks help from defence ministry to produce film for service voters Boeing today announced establishment of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local operating entity, that will support the company's future growth objectives in the country in services and support, sales and marketing, sourcing, manufacturing and engineering. With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with the Ministry of Defence to deliver capability and readiness to India's military customers and develop a competitive supplier base in country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Ministry Of Defence | India | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Boeing sets up Boeing Defence India in supply play Boeing today announced establishment of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local operating entity, that will support the company's future growth objectives in the country in services and support, sales and marketing, sourcing, manufacturing and engineering. With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with the Ministry of Defence to deliver capability and readiness to India's military customers and develop a competitive supplier base in country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain. Boeing today announced establishment of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local operating entity, that will support the company's future growth objectives in the country in services and support, sales and marketing, sourcing, manufacturing and engineering. With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with the Ministry of Defence to deliver capability and readiness to India's military customers and develop a competitive supplier base in country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Boeing sets up Boeing Defence India in supply play Boeing today announced establishment of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local operating entity, that will support the company's future growth objectives in the country in services and support, sales and marketing, sourcing, manufacturing and engineering. With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with the Ministry of Defence to deliver capability and readiness to India's military customers and develop a competitive supplier base in country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Genes in Space Competition Launches - Students Invited to Design DNA Experiment to be Performed aboard the ISS News provided by miniPCR Feb 08, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Genes in Space, a competition that fosters creativity, collaboration and critical thinking among young innovators, opened a call for entries today. The competition challenges U.S. students in grades seven through twelve to design DNA analysis experiments that address a challenge or opportunity of space travel. Student proposals use the International Space Station (ISS) as a testbed for deep space exploration. The competition is sponsored by miniPCR, Math for America (MƒA), Boeing, The Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS) and New England Biolabs®, Inc. (NEB®). The winning experiment will be conducted on the ISS. Students can submit their proposals as individuals or in groups of up to four via genesinspace.org. The deadline for submissions is April 21, 2017.   Five finalist teams will receive mentoring from world-class scientists to help refine their experiment ideas and make them feasible for space. Members of the finalist teams will gather in Washington, DC, in July 2017 to present their proposals at the ISS Research and Development Conference to a panel of scientists, educators, and technologists who will judge the entries and select a winner. Finalists will receive a donation of a miniPCR DNA Discovery System for their educational institutions. These donations will enable the same hands-on biotech experimentation available at high-end research laboratories. The winners will attend Space Biology Camp at New England Biolabs to prepare their experiment for space flight and witness their experiment launch. "The Genes in Space competition gives STEM teachers a unique opportunity to help their students engage in cutting edge science," said John Ewing, MƒA President.  "We hope all math and science teachers will participate in this breakthrough competition, encouraging their students to become science pioneers." "We are proud to launch the third national Genes in Space challenge to promote STEM education and offer authentic research opportunities in schools," added Dr. Ezequiel Alvarez Saavedra, miniPCR co-founder. Anna-Sophia Boguraev from Bedford, New York won the first Genes in Space competition. Her experiment, launched in April 2016, tested effects of microgravity and cosmic radiation on the immune system and was the first PCR experiment conducted in space. Julian Rubinfien, winner of the 2016 competition, is scheduled to fly his experiment to investigate the genetic basis of accelerated aging in space in March of 2017.  About the Sponsoring Organizations: Boeing A unit of The Boeing Company, Defense, Space & Security is one of the world's largest defense, space and security businesses specializing in innovative and capabilities-driven customer solutions, and the world's largest and most versatile manufacturer of military aircraft. Headquartered in St. Louis, Defense, Space & Security is a $31 billion business with 53,000 employees worldwide. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. Math for America Math for America is a nonprofit organization that aims to make teaching a viable, rewarding, and respected career choice for the best minds in science and mathematics. The MƒA Master Teacher Fellowship achieves this goal by bringing together outstanding, experienced teachers to share knowledge, advance teaching skills, and define excellence itself. This remarkable community of teachers is changing the very landscape of science and mathematics education. MƒA offers fellowships and advocates for this model around the country, so that all students can have great math and science teachers—teachers who are true masters of the subject matter and deeply committed to the craft of teaching. www.MathForAmerica.org miniPCR  miniPCR reinvents lab technology to make science simple, accessible, and exciting, enabling everyone to experiment at the cutting edge of biology. www.minipcr.com The Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS)  CASIS was selected by NASA in July 2011 to maximize use of the International Space Station (ISS) U.S. National Laboratory through 2020. CASIS is dedicated to supporting and accelerating innovations and new discoveries that will enhance the health and wellbeing of people and our planet. www.iss-casis.org New England Biolabs, Inc. (NEB)  NEB is the industry leader in the discovery and production of enzymes for molecular biology applications and now offers the largest selection of recombinant and native enzymes for genomic research. For over 40 years, NEB has been committed to the advancement of science and science education. For more information on our products and corporate initiatives, please visit www.neb.com Contacts: miniPCR: Emily Gleason, genesinspace@minipcr.com, 781-990-8727 Math for America: Sarah Rooney, srooney@mathforamerica.org, 646-437-0921 Boeing: Kelly Kaplan, kelly.g.kaplan@boeing.com, 281-226-4367 CASIS: Patrick O'Neill, poneill@iss-casis.org, 321-480-1054 New England Biolabs: Deana Martin, Ph. D., martin@neb.com, 978-380-7464 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/genes-in-space-competition-launches-300404304.html SOURCE miniPCR Related Links http://minipcr.com Jul 15, 2016, 10:46 ET Preview: Student Wins Genes in Space™ Competition for Investigation of Aging in Space My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Genes in Space Competition Launches News provided by miniPCR Feb 08, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Genes in Space Competition Launches CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Genes in Space, a competition that fosters creativity, collaboration and critical thinking among young innovators, opened a call for entries today. The competition challenges U.S. students in grades seven through twelve to design DNA analysis experiments that address a challenge or opportunity of space travel. Student proposals use the International Space Station (ISS) as a testbed for deep space exploration. The competition is sponsored by miniPCR, Math for America (MƒA), Boeing, The Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS) and New England Biolabs®, Inc. (NEB®). The winning experiment will be conducted on the ISS. Students can submit their proposals as individuals or in groups of up to four via genesinspace.org. The deadline for submissions is April 21, 2017.   Five finalist teams will receive mentoring from world-class scientists to help refine their experiment ideas and make them feasible for space. Members of the finalist teams will gather in Washington, DC, in July 2017 to present their proposals at the ISS Research and Development Conference to a panel of scientists, educators, and technologists who will judge the entries and select a winner. Finalists will receive a donation of a miniPCR DNA Discovery System for their educational institutions. These donations will enable the same hands-on biotech experimentation available at high-end research laboratories. The winners will attend Space Biology Camp at New England Biolabs to prepare their experiment for space flight and witness their experiment launch. „The Genes in Space competition gives STEM teachers a unique opportunity to help their students engage in cutting edge science,” said John Ewing, MƒA President.  „We hope all math and science teachers will participate in this breakthrough competition, encouraging their students to become science pioneers.” „We are proud to launch the third national Genes in Space challenge to promote STEM education and offer authentic research opportunities in schools,” added Dr. Ezequiel Alvarez Saavedra, miniPCR co-founder. Anna-Sophia Boguraev from Bedford, New York won the first Genes in Space competition. Her experiment, launched in April 2016, tested effects of microgravity and cosmic radiation on the immune system and was the first PCR experiment conducted in space. Julian Rubinfien, winner of the 2016 competition, is scheduled to fly his experiment to investigate the genetic basis of accelerated aging in space in March of 2017.  About the Sponsoring Organizations: Boeing A unit of The Boeing Company, Defense, Space & Security is one of the world’s largest defense, space and security businesses specializing in innovative and capabilities-driven customer solutions, and the world’s largest and most versatile manufacturer of military aircraft. Headquartered in St. Louis, Defense, Space & Security is a $31 billion business with 53,000 employees worldwide. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. Math for America Math for America is a nonprofit organization that aims to make teaching a viable, rewarding, and respected career choice for the best minds in science and mathematics. The MƒA Master Teacher Fellowship achieves this goal by bringing together outstanding, experienced teachers to share knowledge, advance teaching skills, and define excellence itself. This remarkable community of teachers is changing the very landscape of science and mathematics education. MƒA offers fellowships and advocates for this model around the country, so that all students can have great math and science teachers—teachers who are true masters of the subject matter and deeply committed to the craft of teaching. www.MathForAmerica.org miniPCR  miniPCR reinvents lab technology to make science simple, accessible, and exciting, enabling everyone to experiment at the cutting edge of biology. www.minipcr.com The Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS)  CASIS was selected by NASA in July 2011 to maximize use of the International Space Station (ISS) U.S. National Laboratory through 2020. CASIS is dedicated to supporting and accelerating innovations and new discoveries that will enhance the health and wellbeing of people and our planet. www.iss-casis.org New England Biolabs, Inc. (NEB)  NEB is the industry leader in the discovery and production of enzymes for molecular biology applications and now offers the largest selection of recombinant and native enzymes for genomic research. For over 40 years, NEB has been committed to the advancement of science and science education. For more information on our products and corporate initiatives, please visit www.neb.com Contacts: miniPCR: Emily Gleason, genesinspace@minipcr.com, 781-990-8727 Math for America: Sarah Rooney, srooney@mathforamerica.org, 646-437-0921 Boeing: Kelly Kaplan, kelly.g.kaplan@boeing.com, 281-226-4367 CASIS: Patrick O’Neill, poneill@iss-casis.org, 321-480-1054 New England Biolabs: Deana Martin, Ph. D., martin@neb.com, 978-380-7464 SOURCE miniPCR CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, aircraft, Business, camp, Children, Companies, company, defense, Education, engage, Health, Industry, military, NASA, Not For Profit, Science, Space, Technology, Travel, unit, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EEI to Wall Street: Delivering America’s Energy Future Next PostNext LG Watch Sport Smartwatch Available to AT&T Customers for $49.99 with LG Smartphone Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Reason.com Free Minds & Free Markets TRENDING TOPICS CLOSE Donald Trump Immigration Asset Forfeiture School Choice Supreme Court Freedom of Speech Torture Marijuana Police College PC Russia Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Hillary Clinton MENU CLOSE Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Digital/Print Magazine Subscribe GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription Donate Shop Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Font Size + Font Size - submit Donald Trump Immigration Asset Forfeiture School Choice Supreme Court Freedom of Speech More Torture Marijuana Police College PC Russia Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Hillary Clinton More The Carrot, the Stick, and the Buggy Whip Is it time to dust off the word fascist to describe Donald Trump? Katherine Mangu-Ward from the March 2017 issue - view article in the Digital Edition EMAIL SHARE Facebook Twitter Tumblr StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Reddit Google Linkedin Kindle PRINT As 2016 came to a close, dictionary makers Merriam-Webster posted a pathetic little tweet—a cry for help, really—that quickly went viral: "'Fascism' is still our #1 lookup. # of lookups = how we choose our Word of the Year. There's still time to look something else up." RELATED ARTICLES 3 Things to Look for in 2017's Shouty Townhall Season Matt Welch|2.10.17 President Trump Stresses U.S. Support for One China Policy Ed Krayewski|2.10.17 Orwell’s Nineteen Eighty-Four Describes the Authoritarian Left Better Than It Does Trump Brendan O'Neill|2.10.17 MORE ARTICLES BY Katherine Mangu-Ward Soylent 2.01.17 12:00 pm U.S. Out of Space 1.11.17 7:00 am Lionel Shriver Doesn't Care If You Hate Her Sombrero 1.08.17 7:00 am Facism Donald Trump Crony Capitalism Authoritarianism Why the sudden interest? As Donald Trump wrapped up the Republican nomination and then the presidential election, political commentators and opinionated uncles at dinner parties started tossing around this vintage 20th century political terminology with abandon. Which caused a bunch of intrepid dictionary searchers to wonder: Here at the dawning of the Trump era, does fascism mean what we think it means? In a technical sense, the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's economic policy so far. That is to say, he seems to be embracing the notion, which blossomed in Benito Mussolini's Italy, that the business of government is best conducted where an authoritarian state dominated by a powerful strongman and the leaders of large corporations meet and decide the fate of a nation. But in its more common use, fascism is at once too generic—it's frequently deployed to describe any old bossy jerk, and is formally defined as "a tendency toward or actual exercise of strong autocratic or dictatorial control"—and way too specific and extreme, with its grace notes of Blackshirts, one-party rule, nationalization of industry, and violence. What's wanted is a way of describing the love-hate, push-pull, utterly dysfunctional, and horrifically co-dependent relationship between big government and big business that Trump was already expert in, just from the other side. The gentler term for this is crony capitalism, or cronyism for those of us who don't like to see one of our favorite words besmirched. Yet that phrase shows up most frequently in contexts where the corporations are in the driver's seat: They come to elected officials or bureaucrats to demand special favors. They are granted those favors in exchange for promised gains for the tax base or contributions to the campaign funds of the relevant politicians—classic rent seeking, in the jargon of economics. If they're really lucky, the corporations manage to cozy up to and capture some regulators to keep in their back pockets as well. But as far as we know, the heating and air company Carrier was minding its own business when Trump came a-knockin'. The firm was in the midst of executing a run-of-the-mill decision about the best place to locate a production facility when boom, it became the very first test case for the fledgling Trump administration in the none-too-judicious application of the carrot and the stick. The carrot was subsidies to keep jobs in the United States; the stick was almost certainly the threat of the revocation of valuable military contracts from Carrier's parent company. (For a deeper exploration of how this deal went down, check out David R. Henderson's cover story on page 18.) Carrier isn't alone on the receiving end of Trump's attentions. Boeing's stock price took a hit after he tweeted in December that "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" Trump also took credit for keeping an auto plant in the U.S.: "Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford," Trump tweeted in November, "who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico." He followed up: "I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!" Ford quickly clarified that it was only considering moving production of one model, the Lincoln MKC, out of the Kentucky facility, but also carefully said nice things about the incoming administration. And a Boeing spokesman obligingly responded to the president-elect's tweets: "We look forward to working with the U.S. Air Force…to deliver the best planes for the President at the best value for the American taxpayer." Foreign companies, too, are looking for ways to play the situation, brandishing their own carrots in an effort to stave off the sticks. "Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs," the president-elect tweeted after a congratulatory meeting with the company's CEO, Masayoshi Son, at Trump Tower in December. "Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" Despite the fuss about first daughter Ivanka Trump's jewelry product placements at government meetings and the sudden influx of dignitaries taking rooms at D.C.'s shiny new Trump Hotel, the big worry here isn't that Trump will use the power of the presidency for personal enrichment. Would that he were so petty. Instead, it's that he will use the coercive power of his office in the service of his own particular variant of nationalism. You can't say he didn't warn you; he printed this basic plan on approximately 100 million red trucker hats. During the campaign, it looked as though Donald Trump might not have much of a guiding ideology: He ran as a patriotic pragmatist. He is certainly not, as was suggested in The Washington Post in December, an "Ayn Rand–acolyte" (if only!) who is stacking his Cabinet with Objectivists. (The leading paper of the nation's capital made that mistake after discovering that successful Republican businessmen tend to read and occasionally recommend books where businessmen are presented as heroes. Breaking news, indeed.) It now looks like Trump is settling into something more like corporate authoritarianism. The real trouble, though, with government control of the economy is that it makes businesses behave in less economically efficient ways for political reasons. At first glance, this might not seem like a big deal, but the closer the U.S. gets to a centrally planned economy—the more the president wields tariffs and trade restrictions and tax incentives and subsidies to keep manufacturing jobs where he wants them—the more likely we are to wake up one morning and discover we have become a nation of buggy whip makers. Like the proverbial flogger manufacturers from Harvard Business School professor Theodore Levitt's classic 1960 essay, businesses that fail to think and act dynamically in response to a changing economy are doomed to be usurped by upstarts. Presidents or governors who step in to stop that failure, or worse—as in the case of Carrier—to stop efficiency improvements or innovation itself, are even more likely to be myopic than the stodgy businessmen Levitt was addressing. Presidents tend to suffer from a failure of imagination when it comes to innovations in business practices—even presidents who are "super successful" tycoons themselves. Whether or not you are impressed by Trump's business credentials, they don't qualify him to run all of the large corporations within the territorial United States. In the end, surreal won out over fascism as Merriam-Webster's word of the year, with the company's lexicographers noting that searches spiked three times in 2016. The first jump came in March, after the Brussels terror attack. The second came in July, after the coup attempt in Turkey and the terror attack in Nice. The largest spike was the third, following the U.S. election in November. Here at Reason, we don't hesitate to drop f-bombs when the situation calls for it, and we reserve the right to do so in the future, but we're not quite there with this particular seven-letter word. Yet. Photo Credit: Joanna Andreasson Katherine Mangu-Ward is editor in chief of Reason. Follow Katherine Mangu-Ward on Twitter Media Contact Reprint Requests EMAIL SHARE Facebook Twitter Tumblr StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Reddit Google Linkedin Kindle PRINT VIEW COMMENTS (116) | LEAVE A COMMENT Editor's Note: We invite comments and request that they be civil and on-topic. We do not moderate or assume any responsibility for comments, which are owned by the readers who post them. Comments do not represent the views of Reason.com or Reason Foundation. We reserve the right to delete any comment for any reason at any time. Report abuses. On select articles, Reason is testing a new comment promotion feature developed by SolidOpinion. Commenters can purchase points and bid to promote their comments and/or the comments of others. Winning comments are displayed at the top of the comment thread for each article, and are identified as “promoted comments.” Point purchases and bidding are handled SolidOpinion. Please send any questions and feedback to promoted-comments@reason.com. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Solidopinion. Kira_Argounova|1.24.17 @ 1:06PM|# This is not a helpful article. Throwing words around like "fascist" amounts to little more than an ad hominem attack and detracts from the credibility of the Libertarian cause. This is the last thing we need after the embarrassing performance by Gary Johnson this past election. We need to rebuild our damaged credibility. The author sounds like a SJW from an East Coast liberal arts college. This is supposed to be "REASON" magazine! Cite a specific policy such as immigration and make an argument, e.g. "Trump wants to enforce a legal immigration policy an I believe nation states do not have the right to enforce any immigration policy for the following reasons"...etc, etc. President Trump is not some kind of virtuous hero, but he is very smart and he is playing the left like Itzhak Perlman plays the violin. If you want a framework for thinking about President Trump, I would refer you to Gail Wynand late in Ayn Rand's "Fountainhead". He's not heroic and he's been morally confused, but to his credit he is rationally self-interested, and most importantly he is not an altruist selling a philosophy of self-immolation! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|2.8.17 @ 11:52AM|# Did you even read the article? Hint: she's not throwing around the word "fascist". reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|2.8.17 @ 11:52AM|# Oh, crap - I got sucked into the time warp. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|2.8.17 @ 11:55AM|# Again! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|2.8.17 @ 1:05PM|# Except it's not the good kind of time-warp with motorcycles and half-naked dancing. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Cynical Asshole|2.8.17 @ 2:00PM|# REEDING IZ 4 FAGGITZ 'N' CUCKZ! And apparently so are time warps. /sarc reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bra Ket|2.8.17 @ 2:04PM|# I made it all the way to "In a technical sense, the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's economic policy so far". reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|2.8.17 @ 11:55AM|# Drink reply to this report spam log in or register to reply buybuydandavis|2.8.17 @ 6:05AM|# Yay! More hysterical pants shitting from Reason! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply buybuydandavis|2.8.17 @ 6:05AM|# Yay! More hysterical pants shitting from Reason! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Grinch|2.8.17 @ 6:46AM|# I'm glad Reason doesn't have a problem with f-bombs because I have to ask what the fuck are the staff and the contributors smoking? Is Trump the ideal President from a libertarian perspective? Fuck no but come on with this shit-this whole article is a wink and a nod, intentional or not, to those who are throwing around the fascist slur. Keep your eye on Trump, criticize him fairly when appropriate, give him credit where warranted, and stop destroying your credibility with this goddamn histrionic bullshit. Jesus fucking Christ, is it going to be four to eight years of this nonsense here? Reason is being piloted into the side of a damn mountain which is a real fucking shame. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mortiscrum|2.8.17 @ 8:43AM|# RE: Keep your eye on Trump, criticize him fairly when appropriate, give him credit where warranted How is this article, and the site in general, not doing exactly that? This article is criticizing, and not even that strongly I might add, Trump's clear authoritarian tendencies. Reason also has several articles displaying optimism for a Trump presidency, particularly in education and financial regulation. Being "fair" (whatever the fuck that means) does not involve a 1:1 nice word/critical word ratio within each article. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Grinch|2.8.17 @ 10:04AM|# No, a one to one ratio is not required and Reason can do what they want including trying to attract those on the left who will never see eye to eye with libertarians. This article is saying those who are calling him a fascist have a point, wink wink nudge nudge say no more, but that they aren't quite on board with that yet. It isn't helpful and it, along with the general clickbait direction Reason has taken, will drive away those who might actually be open to libertarian ideas. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|2.8.17 @ 12:10PM|# Cocktail parties, man, it's just cocktail parties all the way down. Pay no attention when Bailey or other writers here pretend like they don't know about these cocktail parties. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |2.8.17 @ 12:19PM|# Bailey gets shafted on the cocktail party front because the slightest skepticism of Gaia worship is absolutely unacceptable heresy. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mortiscrum|2.8.17 @ 1:18PM|# It drew me in. I was extremely skeptical of libertarian ideas, but after reading this site and listening to the podcasts, I've shifted my views fairly significantly. Point of fact, people aren't convinced by telling them how idiotic and childish they are. It doesn't work when progressives flame conservatives (as countless post-Trump articles have pointed out), why on Earth would it work for libertarians who just want to flame progressives? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zeb|2.8.17 @ 2:49PM|# trying to attract those on the left who will never see eye to eye with libertarians No, I think what they are doing is trying to attract those on the left who might see eye to eye with libertarians. Such creatures really do exist. I was once one of them, sort of. I know a number of other commenters (and former commenters) also came to libertarian from the left. Some from being outright commies. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|2.8.17 @ 12:08PM|# "How is this article, and the site in general, not doing exactly that?" You don't come round these parts often, do you? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mortiscrum|2.8.17 @ 1:09PM|# Pretty often, actually. Mostly focus on the articles over the more-conservative-than-libertarian comment section. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 1:15PM|# the more-conservative-than-libertarian comment section. In short, doesn't know what a libertarian is. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mortiscrum|2.8.17 @ 1:21PM|# Any criticism of Trump in any article is met, overwhelmingly, by 1) not as bad as Obama, and/or 2) not as bad as Hillary would have been. Surely you could see how I'd get these "libertarians" confused with conservatives. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 2:05PM|# Uh, no, your premise immediately fails because Trump is not an American conservative. Read this article, read the comments, show me the overwhelming response you to claim to see, if it doesn't exist, rescind your statement, or you're being ignorant or deliberately dishonest. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mortiscrum|2.9.17 @ 10:08AM|# Trump might not check off every conservative policy position (or even a majority of them), but he certainly makes broad and open appeals to the worst instincts of conservative xenophobia, nationalism, and anti-intellectualism. A fair point though, that article and comment section does not especially support my assertion. But this one does And....I'm honestly having a harder time than I thought finding another example. Confirmation bias claims another victim....I retract my claim. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:00PM|# There's been some better content (grading on a curve here) over the last few days, Gillespie's article on Trump's relationship with the cops and civil asset forfeiture wasn't bad. 2 Chili's still producing decent work, the Intern is doing better than bloody Soave, and Dalmia seems to have vanished for awhile. The only really stupid thing this week so far was Soave's "BASH THE FASH" article. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |2.8.17 @ 12:21PM|# Yeah, I'm glad for the 2Chili piece to provide some sort of reprieve, because that fucking BASH THE FASH article was just shameful. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Basketball Uber Alles, Jr.|2.8.17 @ 12:38PM|# Doesn't Shikha turn up on Thursdays? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 9:23AM|# What's wanted is a way of describing the love-hate, push-pull, utterly dysfunctional, and horrifically co-dependent relationship between big government and media types who love themselves some big government, so long as it's just the right sort of big government. Protestations to the contrary notwithstanding. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlexInCT|2.8.17 @ 11:51AM|# ^^^^THIS^^^^ reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Homple|2.8.17 @ 9:55AM|# Reason staff have lost their cotton pickin' minds. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bacon-Magic et tu Reason?|2.8.17 @ 10:14AM|# Fuck off, slaver. There's an f-bomb for you Reason. You used to know what it was about. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ship of Theseus|2.8.17 @ 10:14AM|# Clearly no one commenting here actually read the article. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 10:34AM|# Yep. Yet somehow I managed to pull a quote directly out of it. Albeit with a slight modification. Let be more succint. Reason under Trump: This is a crony capitalist shit sandwich. Reason under Obama: This shit sandwich would be so much more palatable if it had a tad less cumin. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ship of Theseus|2.8.17 @ 11:16AM|# Bitch much? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 12:51PM|# Hi Pot, I'm Kettle. Pleased to meet you. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ship of Theseus|2.8.17 @ 1:28PM|# Dipshit: I didn't bitch about anything. I pointed out that clearly no one read the article, and they obviously didn't. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 2:23PM|# By your own standard I didn't bitch about anything either. So go fuck yourself. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bra Ket|2.8.17 @ 2:11PM|# Sometimes I crack jokes instead of bitching. Though they're often kinda bitchy jokes to be honest. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bubba Jones|2.8.17 @ 8:01PM|# I think the preferred nomenclature for Obama was corporatism. Much less inflammatory than fascist. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bacon-Magic et tu Reason?|2.8.17 @ 10:54AM|# Clearly you didn't read it in the dead tree edition. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|2.8.17 @ 11:55AM|# This. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:51PM|# The summary post on H&R makes it sound like she's calling Trump a fascist. You can't blame people for reacting to the summary without spending precious time reading the full article. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ship of Theseus|2.8.17 @ 1:34PM|# "You can't blame people for being fucking morons." Yes, yes we can. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Cynical Asshole|2.8.17 @ 2:07PM|# You can't blame people for reacting to the summary without spending precious time reading the full article. Actually, yes. Yes you can. I don't think it's asking too much for people to actually read the fucking article before getting their outrage on. But apparently, it is. I used to have a lot more respect for the commentariat here in general, but now I'm thinking most of the people who comment here are just as moronic as the mouth breathers at Huff Post or anywhere else. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:01PM|# There's an article? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zeb|2.8.17 @ 3:04PM|# In a technical sense, the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's economic policy so far. Seems to be as close as she gets to calling Trump a Fascist. Seems to me that it is: 1. fairly accurate and 2. not calling Trump a Fascist. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 10:34AM|# succinct. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlexInCT|2.8.17 @ 11:50AM|# I remind people that fascism is another form of collectivism/socialism. Are we saying Trump is a socialist now? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ship of Theseus|2.8.17 @ 1:29PM|# NOW? Uh, kinda, yeah. He certainly has tendencies. Always has. Did you RTFA? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John|2.8.17 @ 11:56AM|# In a technical sense, the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's economic policy so far. That is to say, he seems to be embracing the notion, which blossomed in Benito Mussolini's Italy, that the business of government is best conducted where an authoritarian state dominated by a powerful strongman and the leaders of large corporations meet and decide the fate of a nation. That is absurd. Either Ward is being dishonest here or she is completely ignorant of both Trump and history. Here is what Italian fascist economic policy actually consisted of. After Mussolini consolidated his dictatorship in 1925, Italy entered a new phase. Mussolini, like many leaders at this time, believed that economies did not operate constructively without supervision by the government. Foreshadowing events in Nazi Germany, and to some extent in New Deal America, Mussolini began a program of massive deficit spending, public works, and eventually, militarism. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John|2.8.17 @ 11:57AM|# Mussolini's fascism took another step at this time with the advent of the Corporative State, a supposedly pragmatic arrangement under which economic decisions were made by councils composed of workers and employers who represented trades and industries. By this device the presumed economic rivalry between employers and employees was to be resolved, preventing the class struggle from undermining the national struggle. In the Corporative State, for example, strikes would be illegal and labor disputes would be mediated by a state agency. Theoretically, the fascist economy was to be guided by a complex network of employer, worker, and jointly run organizations representing crafts and industries at the local, provincial, and national levels. At the summit of this network was the National Council of Corporations. But although syndicalism and corporativism had a place in fascist ideology and were critical to building a consensus in support of the regime, the council did little to steer the economy. The real decisions were made by state agencies such as the Institute for Industrial Reconstruction (Istituto per la Ricosstruzione Industriale, or IRI), mediating among interest groups. http://www.econlib.org/library/Enc1/Fascism.html yes, that is Reason's own Notorious Sheldon Richman. The crazy bastard actually got something right. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:04PM|# Richman's not actually that bad when he's not writing foreign policy, he at least tends to make some interesting arguments when he's discussing history. His full-on stupid is at least restricted to one subject. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chipwooder|2.8.17 @ 12:26PM|# Yep - so long as Israel isn't involved, Sheldon's OK reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 12:42PM|# "Theoretically, the fascist economy was to be guided by a complex network of employer, worker, and jointly run organizations representing crafts and industries at the local, provincial, and national levels" If this is fascism, then Germany's present system is fascist. My understanding is that the board or directors in German corporations are selected by both shareholders and unions in approximately equal numbers for companies with more than 2,000 workers. It applies to both publicly traded and private companies. For companies with less than 2,000 workers, only one-third of the board is chosen by the union. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Codetermination_in_Germany What's more, the unions in Germany can set wages and other entitlements for the entire industry they work in--not just for the company they're negotiating with. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Trade_unions_in_Germany Who thinks of Germany as a fascist country today? That is an unusual use of the term--no matter what the dictionary says or the original historical context of the term. This is not what average people are talking about when they talk about "fascism". reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 12:56PM|# "If this is fascism, then Germany's present system is fascist." Um, yes. About the only things we defeated in WWII are genocide and wars of conquest. Otherwise the fascist program remains, and in some ways has only strengthened. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 1:35PM|# When average people are talking about someone being fascist, they aren't talking about any economic system. They're talking about respect for individual rights, conformity, intolerance, state control through police, etc. If your term accurately describes something that hardly anyone means when they use the term, then you're misusing the term--no matter what is in the dictionary. When Jerry call someone "the soup Nazi", he isn't talking about crony capitalism. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 2:30PM|# Sort of. To the extent people think the 'bad part' of fascism was the genocide and wars of nationalistic aggression, and only the genocide and wars of nationalistic aggression then while they may be the "average" their understanding of the word is still problematic and should not be accepted. Because those things, along with the economic aspects, are merely facets of what is ultimately an aggressively conformist, statist totalitarian system. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zeb|2.8.17 @ 2:59PM|# Yes, but the article makes it clear that they are talking about the economic system, not the current popular understanding of the term. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 3:56PM|# The article is about whether using the term to describe Trump is accurate, and makes it clear with the last sentence that KMW isn't even ready to use that word to describe Trump. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 3:57PM|# . . . I should add, not even ready to use that term to describe Trump's economics. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John|2.8.17 @ 12:56PM|# But there was more to it than that. That was the theory but in reality, the government ran everything. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 1:43PM|# Yes, when average people use the term "fascist", crony capitalism is one of the last things on their minds. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John|2.8.17 @ 12:01PM|# Whatever you think of Trump, it isn't that. How is that a Yale educated senior editor of an allegedly serious publication could be so causally ignorant of the subjects of her articles? I don't care what your opinion of Trump is. Words have meaning and facts mean something. If you are too stupid or lazy to know what Italian fascist economics actually entails, don't write about it. Just shut the hell up. And for Ward to engage in such stupidity in an article criticizing others for calling Trump a fascist takes a remarkable amount of nerve on her part. When Sheldon Richman is making you look like an ignoramus on a subject, you have a problem. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply kinnath|2.8.17 @ 12:15PM|# Can't let research get in the way of posting clickbait on schedule. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 11:58AM|# No matter what the dictionary says or the actual historical context, when average people use the word "fascism", they're generally not talking about any kind of economic system. They're talking about the opposite extreme on the scale of civil libertarianism. They're talking about intolerance. They're talking about conformity. They're talking about using the police to discourage dissent. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|2.8.17 @ 12:04PM|# "It now looks like Trump is settling into something more like corporate authoritarianism." I don't know if that's the same thing as cronyism, but if it is, the Republicans and the Democrats have been settling into it for decades. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Fuck You - Cut Spending|2.8.17 @ 12:49PM|# Exactly. I could understand the left bitching about cronyism when discussing Trump's disdain for Dodd-Frank, but why the fuck would a magazine/think-tank that is in favor of free markets start demonizing the idea of shitcanning regulations that have run amok? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:08PM|# Here at Reason, we don't hesitate to drop f-bombs when the situation calls for it, and we reserve the right to do so in the future, but we're not quite there with this particular seven-letter word. Yet. Cue "DUN DUN DUH" music. I avoid the term fascist mostly because it just muddies the discussion. Along with racist it's become the modern equivalent of 'HERETIC', it's primarily used as a dishonest rhetoric device rather than an actual criticism to promote discussion, and thus has lost all meaning. Sincerely, #4 on the Hihn Approved Reason Fascist List. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 12:45PM|# it's primarily used as a dishonest rhetorical device rather than an actual criticism to promote discussion, and thus has lost all meaning. ^^^this the shades of difference in corporate-arm-twisting/getting-in-bed-with between various presidents are mostly a matter of whether its 'cronyism you approve of'.... ....rather than some fundamental change in relationship between the govt/private sector. On the most basic level, the thing that's so ridiculous about accusations of "fascism"? is that the headline, flagship policy that Trump was elected on, was ending the Govt-Industry partnership called "Obamacare" one could argue Obama was elected mainly on "ending the war in Iraq" (which he never really did; indeed he hardly changed ME policy at all)... and everything else was gravy. I think there's a reasonable argument that Trump was mostly being elected for the purpose of untying the economic entanglements put in place by the Obama admin. e.g. Shrinking the regulatory state, lowering the costs of doing business, and (depending on popular characterizations/misconceptions of the TPP) stop advancing the interests of other countries over our own. of course you don't need to be that generous either. i think any examination of facts - like proposed policy, or acts already taken - would show an administration little different from any other in recent history. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply See Double You|2.8.17 @ 12:53PM|# it's primarily used as a dishonest rhetorical device Also known as sophism. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|2.8.17 @ 12:13PM|# Trump is a hell of a long way from being a fascist at this point. Could he become one? Maybe, we'll see. He's already done several things that libertarians should love, or at least tried. Keep on eye on what he lets Sessions do, that's my first fear of Trump. If Sessions starts going after weed in states where it's been legalized, and Trump sits idly by, then that would move the slider more towards the authoritarian side. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:33PM|# If Sessions starts going after weed in states where it's been legalized, and Trump sits idly by So every president until Obama's second term was fascist? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|2.8.17 @ 12:17PM|# "Here at Reason, we don't hesitate to drop f-bombs when the situation calls for it, and we reserve the right to do so in the future, but we're not quite there with this particular seven-letter word. Yet." It would be irresponsible to call Trump a FASCIST because the term FASCIST shouldn't simply mean the kind of cronyist economic policies Trump supports, though these policies are bad, but they're not FASCIST yet, but if Trump ever does become a FASCIST we'll be sure to call him a FASCIST. But until then dismiss the word "FASCIST" from your mind because the word "FASCIST" doesn't apply to what Trump has done so far, though Trump's policies are bad, and who knows, maybe one day he'll become a FASCIST so that we can start calling him FASCIST like we obviously want to do. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:19PM|# Is this a verbal tic from your prog days? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|2.8.17 @ 12:21PM|# I think it's a fair summary of the article, wouldn't you agree? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:28PM|# Sure, but it's fair enough if it's a verbal tic, I mean I have my moments o...THE WORKERS NEED ONLY RECOGNIZE THE CHAINS THEY WEAR, WE WILL HANG THE CAPITALIST FILTH WITH THE ROPES THEY SELL US. *clears throat* Sorry, it's an ongoing problem. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Basketball Uber Alles, Jr.|2.8.17 @ 12:38PM|# You know who else noticed an ongoing problem? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply phenryinohio|2.8.17 @ 7:32PM|# Rather like almost every administration, save maybe Coolidge, possible Reagan, since Wilson? Like perhaps our last President who used very corporatist ideas(f-word) to take control of the healthcare system? And the insurance companies ate the stuff up. Until they gagged. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 12:17PM|# the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's economic policy so far... ....During the campaign, it looked as though Donald Trump might not have much of a guiding ideology ...It now looks like Trump is settling into something more like corporate authoritarianism "impressionism" is a suitable replacement for analysis of cited facts, apparently. we're not quite there with this particular seven-letter word. Yet Yet some public chin-stroking on the topic was surely needed; how else to validate the hyperbolic rhetoric of the left? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Grand Moff Serious Man|2.8.17 @ 12:17PM|# All within the State, nothing outside the State, nothing against the State. -- Mussolini That might as well be the official slogan of the Democratic Party. Italain Fascism was, in many ways, a reaction to laiseez-faire economics and high finance in which a well-ordered society would be managed top-down with each social class having their conflicts arbitrated by the State and the economy mixed between state-run industries and the private sector. Trumpism does share similar suspicions of free markets but not as much as the Bernie Sanders wing of the Democratic Party. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|2.8.17 @ 12:28PM|# There was also the enforcement mechanism, which involved beatings, arbitrary imprisonment, murder, and force-feeding of castor oil. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:47PM|# Your friends Pius XI and XII seemed alright with it. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 1:04PM|# Gentlemen, there will be no fighting in the War Room. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|2.8.17 @ 1:23PM|# They thought they could work with Benito, but opposed him when he allied with the literal Hitler. And even in 1931, before Mussolini became an all of the literal Hitler, Pius XI was somewhat critical of the fascists: "And here We find Ourselves confronted by a mass of authentic affirmations and no less authentic facts which reveal beyond the slightest possibility of doubt the resolve (already in great measure actually put into effect) to monopolize completely the young, from their tenderest years up to manhood and womanhood, for the exclusive advantage of a party and of a regime based on an ideology which clearly resolves itself into a true, a real pagan worship of the State - the "Statolatry" which is no less in contrast with the natural rights of the family than it is in contradiction with the supernatural rights of the Church. To propose and to promote such a monopoly to persecute for this reason Catholic Action, as has been done for some time more or less openly or under cover to reach this end by striking at the Catholic Association of Youth as has lately been done; all this is truly and literally to "forbid the little children to go to Jesus Christ," since it impedes their access to His Church and where His Church is, there is Jesus Christ. This usurpation goes so far as to snatch the young from Christ and His Church even with violence." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 2:38PM|# Properly speaking that was Mussolini's definition of totalitarianism. Although he considered fascism, with it's broad social and cultural aspects, to be a form of totalitarianism. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Pro Libertate|2.8.17 @ 12:26PM|# Fascist means "bundle of sticks." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|2.8.17 @ 12:34PM|# OMG, you're a grammar fascist. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Pro Libertate|2.8.17 @ 12:35PM|# A grammar bundle of sticks? What's that even mean? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:48PM|# You know what other word starts with F and means bundle of sticks.... reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:44PM|# No it doesn't. That's fasces. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 12:47PM|# YOU'RE a towel reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 1:52PM|# "Fascist means "bundle of sticks." A "fascio" is a bundle of sticks. A "fascist" is someone who believes in a bundle of sticks. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Pro Libertate|2.8.17 @ 4:48PM|# This is correct. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Roger the Shrubber|2.8.17 @ 12:34PM|# Save your hate for Robby and Shikha who deserve it. KMW is not misusing the term as you hear it screamed at some leftist protest. First and foremost Fascism is an economic term, and this is how she's using it. Since I've been alive the economic policy of the country has been trending towards Fascism and KMW is arguing that Trump is accelerating this trend. I would have to agree. The cries of TDS every time an article validly criticizes Trump makes me think I'm at the National Review comment boards. You guys really want to defend Trump as joking when he says he's going to 'ruin the career' of a state legislator who is advocating for asset forfeiture reform? Did anyone here think it was a joke when Obama said that the power of politics should be used to 'punish our enemies?' Yes, there have been some articles where Trump criticism has more closely resembled knee-jerk leftist TDS. This was not one of them. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:41PM|# Since I've been alive the economic policy of the country has been trending towards Fascism and KMW is arguing that Trump is accelerating this trend. That is not what she says. She is solely labeling Trump with the "fascist" label. Look me up where Reason even came close to calling Obama a fascist. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Roger the Shrubber|2.8.17 @ 2:23PM|# Well that wasn't to hard:. Although they don't directly call him a fascist, they point out that Trump would be called one for identical actions. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 12:50PM|# The cries of TDS every time an article validly criticizes Trump makes me think I'm at the National Review comment boards. I didn't know national review HAD comments sections. that said = the people who moan about "other comments" never seem to bother actually address the criticisms made. If there was something you think was off base, then point your criticism at them and say so, otherwise you're just pissing in the wind for theatrical effect. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Roger the Shrubber|2.8.17 @ 2:36PM|# Perhaps I should have threaded my comments. I was commenting specifically on Homple|2.8.17 @ 9:55AM|#|–|filternamelinkcustom Reason staff have lost their cotton pickin' minds. and buybuydandavis|2.8.17 @ 6:05AM|#|–|filternamelinkcustom Yay! More hysterical pants shitting from Reason! I think I have adequately addressed their ad hominems. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 2:49PM|# no, you didn't "adequately address" anything. - You bemoaned people "crying TDS" when neither of those examples say anything like that. - You simply assert "KMW is not misusing the term as you hear it screamed at some leftist protest:" sans any argument. There are numerous arguments here suggesting, yes, she's wildly misusing the term, and you don't even attempt to respond to them. - you say, ""You guys really want to defend Trump"", itself dishonest rhetoric: criticisms of stupid arguments made against Trump is not "Defense of Trump" = its criticism of stupid arguments. Trying to validate accusations of fascism (*which, despite the "yet" at the conclusion, is exactly what this is about) is a stupid argument. Calling presidents you "dont like" fascists, while avoiding the term for presidents who actually made sincere efforts to *nationalize industries*, bend others to federal will, is utter nonsense. As noted above = its just a smear term devoid of any attempt at making objective distinctions. and those aren't ad-homs, technically; not that it matters. Again = if you have a problem with some specific criticism made, take it up with the specific people who make them. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mtrueman|2.9.17 @ 12:42AM|# As noted above = its just a smear term devoid of any attempt at making objective distinctions." Obama was a leftwing internationalist. Trump is a rightwing nationalist. Hence the fascist label. Why should that bother you? "Calling presidents you "dont like" fascists, while avoiding the term for presidents who actually made sincere efforts to *nationalize industries*" Fascists don't nationalize industries. Under Hitler, the big industrial concerns remained in private hands. If you find your president nationalizing industries, sounds like you have a Bolshevik on your hands. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Sevo|2.10.17 @ 11:17PM|# "Fascists don't nationalize industries. Under Hitler, the big industrial concerns remained in private hands." You should really quit posting stupidity this often. Lenin didn't nationalize many of the businesses in the early years of the Soviet, either. Hitler was 'removed from power' too early accomplish his aims. If you'd like to be taken seriously, read "The Wages of Destruction" (Tooze) before you post one more lie regarding fascism; you're entirely too fucking ignorant to do otherwise. Oh, and fuck off. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John|2.8.17 @ 1:16PM|# Yes she is misusing it. I quote an extensive description of fascist economics above. And it is nothing like what Trump is doing. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 1:49PM|# I'm not seeing much in the way of hate here against KMW. I think KMW and her work are well respected by the commentariat here. Surely, we can disagree with her characterization without having reverse TDS. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:38PM|# Here at Reason, we don't hesitate to drop f-bombs when the situation calls for it, and we reserve the right to do so in the future, but we're not quite there with this particular seven-letter word. Yet. I'm not quite there with saying that Reason is a shell of a former libertarian publication that has sold out and is running interference for the socialist Left. Yet. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rebel Scum|2.8.17 @ 12:45PM|# Is it time to dust off the word fascist to describe Donald Trump? Meh. In a technical sense, the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's United States economic policy so far for quite a long time. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Late P Brooks|2.8.17 @ 1:03PM|# What would you call Cash for Clunkers? Or Obamacare? Or Solyndra? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 1:14PM|# Or trying to engineer "transformations in our energy economy" Obama's speech on how he wanted to arm-twist industries into producing a "greener" world sounds like it could have been lifted from Mussolini It is also a transformation that will require more than just a few government programs. Energy independence will require an all-hands-on-deck effort from America — effort from our scientists and entrepreneurs; from businesses and from every American citizen. Factories will have to re-tool and re-design. Businesses will need to find ways to emit less carbon dioxide. All of us will need to buy more of the fuel-efficient cars built by this state, and find new ways to improve efficiency and save energy in our own homes and businesses. ... If I am President, I will immediately direct the full resources of the federal government and the full energy of the private sector to a single, overarching goal ...all at the Command of the Leader! Cato here wrote about overlap between economic policies of Il Duce and Barack, and provides a more evidence-based analysis for what deserves to be called "Fascist" than does KMW reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Alan Vanneman|2.8.17 @ 1:40PM|# Nice! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 1:55PM|# " now looks like Trump is settling into something more like corporate authoritarianism. The real trouble, though, with government control of the economy is that it makes businesses behave in less economically efficient ways for political reasons." How do you square that characterization with Trump's push for deregulation? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Johnny B|2.8.17 @ 11:38PM|# Yes, it is difficult to say Trump is trying to use the government to run the economy when he is issues a "drop two regulations to add one" EO. Busting Obama-Care, Dodd-Frank. What a fascist. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply DaveT1000|2.8.17 @ 2:22PM|# There's a much better term than fascism for what KMW is describing here: dirigisme. Quoting Wikipedia: "[It] is an economic system where the state exerts a strong directive influence over investment. It designates a capitalist economy in which the state plays a strong directive role, as opposed to a merely regulatory one. The term emerged in the post-war era to describe the economic policies of the French economy, which included substantial state-directed investment, the use of indicative economic planning to supplement the market system, and the establishment of state enterprises in strategic sectors of the French economy." Dirigisme needn't go hand in hand with mercantilism, but it often does: the growth policies of Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and Singapore are/were good examples. It's also apparent that Trump and some of his economic advisors (Ross, Navarro) have strong mercantilist impulses. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply DaveT1000|2.8.17 @ 2:38PM|# And looking at those more accurate terms also shows the problem in KMW's argument here. She makes a brief nod toward the common usage of fascism, but the key point is that 99% of the U.S. population don't think at all about an economic system when using or hearing the term "fascism". To the extent that people have an understanding beyond "someone whose political views I don't like", the term "fascist" is almost exclusively tied to nationalist dictatorship and suppression of civil liberties through both legal and extralegal means: the brown shirts might be the police, or they might be paramilitary groups tied to the exalted leader. It's disingenuous to claim that using the term "fascism" is an effective way to communicate a concept like "French and Japanese-style corporatism". reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bubba Jones|2.8.17 @ 8:06PM|# I don't see any fascism or cronyism in trying to drive down the price of a Boeing contract. Quite the opposite. I need more details on the Carrier deal, without having to do any homework. Requiring companies to behave a certain way in order to receive government contracts seems entirely typical. PREVAILING WAGE. Not fascist. Perhaps bad policy. But I don't think that really qualifies as fascism unless we give up on it as a useful term. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply gzuckier|2.8.17 @ 11:38PM|# Are you suggesting that having a president who publicly chides a department store which, for the professed reason of declining sales, has decided to stop stocking products made by his daughter's company, is not a hallmark of conservative free market philosophy? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply FrankInFL|2.9.17 @ 10:03AM|# One problem is that the current flawed interpretation of the Interstate Commerce clause makes it appear that fascism is okay here if we just call it "regulation of interstate commerce". If we ever wake up to that problem, all those acts that one side or the other screamingly labels "fascism" will stop happening. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply BambiB|2.9.17 @ 11:38AM|# And yet, American companies have been getting away with murder. The 1+ million H-1Bs and the untold number of L-1s are all examples of importing outsourcing. If Trump smacks those companies in the teeth with a baseball bat, I hope he swings hard and level. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Longtobefree|2.9.17 @ 12:13PM|# "and way too specific and extreme, with its grace notes of Blackshirts, one-party rule, nationalization of industry, and violence." Let's see - democrats, or republicans? Since the last numbered war, fascism has been considered right wing, despite the left wing requirements of it's economic direction. Much like "decimate" has come to mean total destruction rather than 10% reduction. So pop quiz time: Nationalizing the health care industry; fascist or not? Mandating specifications for major power plant components; fascist or not? Mandating individuals purchase government specified insurance regardless of fit to individual needs; fascist or not? For extra credit, develop 5 more questions of your own. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Leave a Comment * COMMENT: You must have an account and be logged in to comment. Click here to register, or here to login if you already have an account * COMMENT: Best of Brickbats: The Ob… Charles Oliver | 02.01.2017 MARCH 2017 ISSUE Will Liberals Learn to Lo… Damon Root | 02.04.2017 VIEW REASON PRINT ARCHIVES TOP STORIES Hundreds Apprehended in More than a Half-Dozen U.S. Cities in Immigration Law Crackdown 2.10.17 9:53 pm Why the 9th Circuit Refused to Reinstate Trump's Travel Ban 2.10.17 8:00 am Orwell’s Nineteen Eighty-Four Describes the Authoritarian Left Better Than It Does Trump 2.10.17 10:30 am High Population Density Just Might Be Good for You 2.10.17 1:30 pm MOST VISITED Why Do We Have a Department of Education? Jimmy Carter's Debt to a Teachers Union. Anthony Fisher | 2.07.17 1:15 pm Trump Does Not Know What Civil Forfeiture Is, but He Likes It Jacob Sullum | 2.09.17 8:00 am Betsy DeVos Confirmed as Education Secretary: Enjoy the Delicious Tears of Teachers Unions Robby Soave | 2.07.17 3:15 pm Cops Mistake Dad for Kidnapper, Hold Him at Gunpoint Because They've Never Seen a Tesla Lenore Skenazy | 2.08.17 8:35 am Your Government at Work: Trying to Prosecute Restaurateur for Tweeting Photo of Underage Kids Who Tried to Buy Beer [UPDATE: Acquittal!] Brian Doherty | 2.07.17 10:10 pm GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription Hit & Run Blog Why Do Regulators Seem to Hate Farmers Markets? New at Reason Reason Staff | 2.11.17 8:00 am Hundreds Apprehended in More than a Half-Dozen U.S. Cities in Immigration Law Crackdown Brian Doherty | 2.10.17 9:53 pm Trump's Executive Orders on Crime are More of the Same, Just More Intense Rhetoric, Says Harvey Silverglate Anthony L. Fisher | 2.10.17 4:45 pm Betsy DeVos Blocked from School, Trump's Lonely Home Life, Miami Marlins For Sale: P.M. Links Anthony L. Fisher | 2.10.17 4:30 pm READ MORE POSTS » REASONTV: FEATURED VIDEOS Flemming Rose Against the Worldwide Suppression of Speech Nick Gillespie Todd Krainin Santa Monica Evicts Airbnb: The War on Homesharing Zach Weissmueller Everything You Need To Know About Neil Gorsuch (Including Roe v. Wade) Nick Gillespie Mark McDaniel VIEW ALL » Obamacare 3 Things to Look for in 2017's Shouty Townhall Season Matt Welch Tom Price Confirmed as Secretary of Health and Human Services Ed Krayewski Trump’s Leaked Draft Proposal to Modify Obamacare May Be Illegal Peter Suderman Ferguson Ferguson Activist Darren Seals Found Shot and Dead in Burning Car in St. Louis Ed Krayewski Unaccountable Police Unions Endanger Minorities and Everyone Else Shikha Dalmia Watch Matt Welch Bash Workplace Drug Testing and Trump's Ferguson Affect on Red Eye Matt Welch Net Neutrality Donald Trump May Try To Stifle Freedom of Expression but His FCC Head Ajit Pai Will Defend a "Free and Open Internet" Nick Gillespie Hillary Clinton’s Tech Platform: Government Meddling for Some; Incentives and Deals for Others Scott Shackford Court Upholds the FCC’s Politically Driven Decision to Regulate the Internet Like a Utility Peter Suderman Iran Brickbat: Caught in a Hammerlock Charles Oliver U.S. Imposes New Sanctions on Iran After Putting Country ‘On Notice’ Over Missile Test Ed Krayewski Trump's Travel Ban Forces Elderly Green Card-Holder to Stay in Iraq. She Died the Next Day (Updated: Family Imam Says Story is a Lie, She Actually Died Before the Ban) Anthony L. Fisher ISIS Trump's 'Muslim Ban' Hurts the Fight Against ISIS, Say U.S. Diplomats in Iraq Anthony L. Fisher White House Site Relaunches with Trump’s Populist Policy Proposals Scott Shackford Is the Real Housewives of ISIS Skit Really Sparking a Controversy? Ed Krayewski Reason-Rupe Poll Poll: Americans Like Free Markets More than Capitalism and Socialism More Than a Govt Managed Economy Emily Ekins 35 Percent of Americans Want Pension Reform to be “Top Priority” for Govt Emily Ekins 78 Percent of Americans Say Voters Should Get to Vote on Govt Employee Benefit Increases Emily Ekins Staff Reviews The Realist Cartoons Jesse Walker The Best Books, Films, Music, and Television of 2016 Jesse Walker Christmas Horrors Jesse Walker Donate: Donate Online Donate via Fax or Mail Why Support Reason? Donation FAQ Stock Donations Planned Giving Shop to Support Reason Links: Home About Reason Foundation Cover Gallery Reason TV Events Advertise Staff Contributors Widgets Subscribe: Subscribe to the Print Magazine Reason Mobile Apps Apple Newsstand E-Reader Subscriptions Give Reason as a Gift Back Issues Subscription Services Email Newsletters Contact: News Tips Site Technology Questions Media Inquiries Reprint Permissions Submissions Editorial & Production Offices 5737 Mesmer Ave. Los Angeles, CA 90230 (310) 391-2245 Washington Office 1747 Connecticut Ave., NW Washington, DC 20009 (202) 986-0916 Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Magazine Subscribe Donate Advanced Search Advertise Contact ©2017 Reason Foundation.|reason.org |privacy policy|terms of use|  
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Tennant Company (TNC) Shares Bought by United Services Automobile Association United Services Automobile Association Buys 1,682 Shares of BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) is United Services Automobile Association’s 2nd Largest Position Private Management Group Inc. Sells 33,702 Shares of Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Bought by HighTower Advisors LLC HighTower Advisors LLC Purchases New Stake in Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Intrexon Corporation (XON) Stake Boosted by HighTower Advisors LLC Hsbc Holdings PLC Has $417,000 Position in National Health Investors, Inc. (NHI) Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Shares Sold by Hsbc Holdings PLC Hsbc Holdings PLC Has $422,000 Position in ProAssurance Corporation (PRA) Dorman Products, Inc. (DORM) Shares Sold by Hsbc Holdings PLC AMP Capital Investors Ltd Has $653,000 Position in ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc. (SERV) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Has $623,000 Stake in Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) Amerco (UHAL) Shares Sold by AMP Capital Investors Ltd Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Raises Position in Universal Display Corporation (OLED) PTC Inc. (PTC) Stake Increased by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Sells 1,012 Shares of The Middleby Corporation (MIDD) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Boosts Position in Burlington Stores, Inc. (BURL) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Acquires 5,550 Shares of American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Hsbc Holdings PLC Sells 627 Shares of Weight Watchers International Inc (WTW) MUFG Securities EMEA plc Takes Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet MUFG Securities EMEA plc acquired a new position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor acquired 1,642 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $216,000. Boeing Company (The) comprises approximately 0.2% of MUFG Securities EMEA plc’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 18th largest position. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. FTB Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 313.0% in the second quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 23,544 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $3,056,000 after buying an additional 17,843 shares during the last quarter. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.8% in the second quarter. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC now owns 10,400 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $1,351,000 after buying an additional 188 shares during the last quarter. Signaturefd LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 4.1% in the second quarter. Signaturefd LLC now owns 17,415 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $2,262,000 after buying an additional 678 shares during the last quarter. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 78.4% in the second quarter. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. now owns 3,414 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $443,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,022 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the last quarter. 74.70% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded down 0.68% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $163.95. 1,196,096 shares of the stock were exchanged. Boeing Company has a 12 month low of $102.10 and a 12 month high of $170.00. The firm has a market cap of $101.18 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.54 and a beta of 1.08. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $160.20 and its 200 day moving average is $143.77. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The business earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.25 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $1.60 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Boeing Company will post $9.28 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be issued a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.41%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.99%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “MUFG Securities EMEA plc Takes Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/mufg-securities-emea-plc-takes-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several brokerages have recently commented on BA. Vetr cut shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $150.88 target price for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $109.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $182.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $175.00 price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Sunday, January 29th. Finally, Argus upped their price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) to $185.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $152.63. In other news, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total value of $163,930.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total value of $580,005.09. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 104,747 shares of company stock valued at $17,147,342. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. Sells 514,900 Shares of Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Next » MUFG Securities EMEA plc Holds Position in Splunk Inc. (SPLK) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News E-tailers shed rivalry to voice GST concerns Air India looks at leasing more aircraft to add tailwind to frequency Business Standard Global aviation major Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India It said BDI to serve as a framework enabling to draw on growth and productivity benefits in India IANS  |  New Delhi  February 8, 2017 Last Updated at 23:35 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTMw98 ALSO READ IAF to procure another Boeing C-17 transport aircraft After auto, Gujarat aims to be defence, aerospace hub Boeing says its 787 aircraft a big help to Air India Reliance Defence bags Rs 916 cr contract from Defence Ministry Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow Global defence and aviation major Boeing on Wednesday announced setting up of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local business entity, to support the company's future growth in the country, said a company statement. "The BDI will serve as a framework enabling us to draw on the growth and productivity benefits that India can offer Boeing," said Leanne Caret, President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Defence, Space and Security. Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India, will lead the new entity, said the statement. "Boeing has made accelerated investments to grow the manufacturing, skill development and engineering scale in the country," Kumar was quoted in the release as having said. "With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with India's Ministry of Defence to deliver advanced capability and readiness to India's military customers and to develop a competitive supplier base in the country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain," Kumar added. In recent years, India has procured C-17 Globemaster III, a heavy lift aircraft, P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft and Harpoon anti-ship missiles from Boeing. The BDI will oversee company's recent investments in India including the Tata Boeing Aerospace Ltd (TBAL) joint venture, the C-17 simulator training centre, Boeing's sourcing and manufacturing activities, sales and marketing activities and the engineering centre expansion. Read More On Boeing Defence India | Boeing Defence | Boeing | Ministry Of Defence | India | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Global aviation major Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India It said BDI to serve as a framework enabling to draw on growth and productivity benefits in India It said BDI will serve as framework enabling to draw on growth and productivity benefits that India can offer Global defence and aviation major Boeing on Wednesday announced setting up of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local business entity, to support the company's future growth in the country, said a company statement. "The BDI will serve as a framework enabling us to draw on the growth and productivity benefits that India can offer Boeing," said Leanne Caret, President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Defence, Space and Security. Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India, will lead the new entity, said the statement. "Boeing has made accelerated investments to grow the manufacturing, skill development and engineering scale in the country," Kumar was quoted in the release as having said. "With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with India's Ministry of Defence to deliver advanced capability and readiness to India's military customers and to develop a competitive supplier base in the country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain," Kumar added. In recent years, India has procured C-17 Globemaster III, a heavy lift aircraft, P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft and Harpoon anti-ship missiles from Boeing. The BDI will oversee company's recent investments in India including the Tata Boeing Aerospace Ltd (TBAL) joint venture, the C-17 simulator training centre, Boeing's sourcing and manufacturing activities, sales and marketing activities and the engineering centre expansion. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Global aviation major Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India It said BDI to serve as a framework enabling to draw on growth and productivity benefits in India Global defence and aviation major Boeing on Wednesday announced setting up of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local business entity, to support the company's future growth in the country, said a company statement. "The BDI will serve as a framework enabling us to draw on the growth and productivity benefits that India can offer Boeing," said Leanne Caret, President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Defence, Space and Security. Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India, will lead the new entity, said the statement. "Boeing has made accelerated investments to grow the manufacturing, skill development and engineering scale in the country," Kumar was quoted in the release as having said. "With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with India's Ministry of Defence to deliver advanced capability and readiness to India's military customers and to develop a competitive supplier base in the country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain," Kumar added. In recent years, India has procured C-17 Globemaster III, a heavy lift aircraft, P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft and Harpoon anti-ship missiles from Boeing. The BDI will oversee company's recent investments in India including the Tata Boeing Aerospace Ltd (TBAL) joint venture, the C-17 simulator training centre, Boeing's sourcing and manufacturing activities, sales and marketing activities and the engineering centre expansion. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 5 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest CEO says WestJet 'bullish' on widebody strategy Canadian low-cost carrier first begin flying Boeing 767s jets just in the spring of 2016. Post to Facebook CEO says WestJet 'bullish' on widebody strategy Canadian low-cost carrier first begin flying Boeing 767s jets just in the spring of 2016.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k3BCeL {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs CEO says WestJet 'bullish' on widebody strategy Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 11:18 a.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 | Updated 11:39 a.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 113 Shares  (Photo: WestJet) WestJet remains “bullish” on its recently launched strategy of flying big widebody jets, the CEO of the Canadian low-cost carrier said Tuesday. Gregg Saretsky acknowledged during the company’s quarterly earnings call that WestJet’s new widebody strategy – launched just last year – is being closely watched. He declined to offer specifics on what WestJet has in mind going forward, but The Calgary Herald writes Saretsky “hinted that an investor day in May could be an opportunity to unveil” more details on the company’s widebody ambitions. WestJet began flying in 1996, mimicking the single-aircraft strategy that U.S. low-cost carrier Southwest used to great success on this side of the border. WestJet remained a domestic carrier until 2004, when a number of U.S. destinations joined its network. Flights to the Bahamas began in 2006, with further expansion in Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean to follow. CALGARY HERALD WestJet &#039;bullish&#039; on wide-body strategy, but tight-lipped on details Still, WestJet’s footprint remained within North America. That changed in 2013 when the carrier added its first destination in Europe, launching seasonal Boeing 737 service between St. John’s, Newfoundland, to Dublin, Ireland. WestJet also added turboprops to its network in 2013, but otherwise remained an all-Boeing 737 carrier. Then in 2015, WestJet announced plans to add four Boeing 767s to its fleet, bringing in widebody jets that are more typical on overseas routes. The longer range of the 767 also allowed WestJet to consider Europe or Hawaii service from interior Canadian destinations that would be too far for the 737. With its new 767s, WestJet launched six seasonal new routes to London's Gatwick Airport. Today, the airline’s 767s are flying two routes to London Gatwick, two routes to Hawaii, and on some of its domestic transcontinental routes, according to the Herald. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn January's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Outfitted for marine surveillance, a Canadian Government Dash-8 departs Vancouver International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A gaggle of partially completed Boeing KC-46 tankers awaits their fate while parked at Paine Field near Everett, Wash., in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Cargo jets for UPS, top, and FedEx, bottom, trade places at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Snow covers a Cessna seaplane on a very cold day at the Lake Hood Seaplane Base in Anchorage, Alaska, in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 747-400 departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 takes off for London from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A KD Air Piper Navajo Chieftan taxies to a gate after landing at Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska/Horizon Bombardier Q400 painted in an Oregon Ducks livery taxis for departure as a Virgin America Airbus A319 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Boeing 777-300 departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Pacific Coastal Beech 1900D taxis in to a small domestic terminal at Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Eastern Airbus A330 takes off from Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Augusta Westland 139 helicopter lands at Vancouver International Airport on Dec 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Westjet's 'Frozen' themed Disney jet departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 747-400 lands at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Saudi Arabian Boeing 777-300 delivers from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The winter holiday travel season was one of the busiest ever in 2016-17. Here crowds pulse through Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Jan. 4, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An unfinished Boeing 747-8 rests outside at Paine Field, near Everett, WA, in December of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Caribbean Sea and Mexico's Yucatan coastline as seen from American Airlines Flight 886 from Cancun to Charlotte.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets at one of San Francisco International Airport's international concourses in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Centurion Cargo Boeing 747-400 takes off from Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Emirates Airbus A380 departs for Dubai from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-300 takes off on a delivery flight from Paine Field, near Everett, Wash,, in late December, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Korean Air Boeing 777-300 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Hawaiian Airbus A330 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Airlines Cargo Boeing 747 takes off from Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A rare Everts Air Cargo Douglas DC-6 lands at Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots aboard a UPS Boeing 747 don Santa hats as they ready for a flight across the Pacific on Dec. 3, 2016 in Anchorage, Alaska.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Cargolux Boeing 747-8F freighter jet lands at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lynden Air Cargo Lockheed C-130 makes an aggressive landing approach to Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An EVA Air Cargo Boeing 747-400 freighter lands at Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Purples, pinks, and blues roll over the mountains of Alaska, seen from a Delta Air Lines flight on Dec. 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A USA TODAY newspaper sits on a first-class seat of an American Airlines A319 for a flight from Charlotte to Cancun, Mexico, on Dec. 30, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 32 2 of 32 3 of 32 4 of 32 5 of 32 6 of 32 7 of 32 8 of 32 9 of 32 10 of 32 11 of 32 12 of 32 13 of 32 14 of 32 15 of 32 16 of 32 17 of 32 18 of 32 19 of 32 20 of 32 21 of 32 22 of 32 23 of 32 24 of 32 25 of 32 26 of 32 27 of 32 28 of 32 29 of 32 30 of 32 31 of 32 32 of 32 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The Herald adds background, writing those first “London-Gatwick flights, which launched last spring, were billed by WestJet as a way of testing the waters to see if further long-haul expansion was feasible. Though the route struggled in the early days due to issues with aircraft maintenance and reliability, WestJet says those problems have been fixed and it considers the route a success.” Now, WestJet is thought to be considering fitting its fleet with new widebodies – likely either the Airbus A330 or the Boeing 787 “Dreamliner.” “We are currently analyzing all options as to the make, model and number of aircraft and the pace of expansion,” Saretsky is quoted by the Herald as saying during the earnings call. USA TODAY Like McDonald’s coffee? You can soon get it on this airline But while Saretsky may be “bullish” on pushing ahead with a widebody plan, at least one analyst questioned the move. “I struggle to see where the value creation is in this strategy,” Chris Murray of AltaCorp Capital said to the Herald. The widebody comments came as WestJet reported its quarterly and full-year earnings. The company reported a net profit of CDN $55.2 million (47 cents per share), down from CDN $63.4-million, or 51 cents per share, a year earlier, according to The Globe and Mail of Toronto. The earnings bested analysts’ expectations. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn March's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A rouge Boeing 767 leaves the warm climate of Las Vegas, bound for Toronto, on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen As early morning rays of sun pierce the sky, a Boeing 767 lands at New York's JFK airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Painted in the latest scheme, an Alitalia Airbus A330 lands at New York JFK airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Japan Airlines Boeing 777-300 takes off for Tokyo from New York JFK on Jan. 17, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen In honor of Leap Day, engine maker CFM's new LEAP powerplant makes an appearance on Boeing's 737 MAX, seen on Jan. 29, 2016 in Seattle, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new 737 MAX jet lands at Boeing Field in Seattle following a test flight on Feb. 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A DHL Boeing 767-200 freighter leaves Seattle under cloudy skies in early February 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-18 fighter jet taxis to a parking stand after landing at Seattle's Boeing Field on Feb. 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 aerial refueling tanker returns from a test flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 aerial refueling tanker returns from a test flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen With its unusual wingtip fuel tanks and easily visible swooping red stripe, one of Boeing's T33 chase planes rockets out of Boeing Field in Seattle on Feb. 6, 2016, for a test flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Allegiant MD80 takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field well after dark in February of 2016 on a sports charter.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The picturesque mountains in northern Nevada make for great window watching onboard a Southwest Airlines flight on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Sean Drake greets girfriend Samantha Hoch, bouquet of roses in hand, in the lobby of Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757-200 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unmistakable Las Vegas skyline makes for a unique departure view onboard a Southwest Airlines flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Suburban cul-de-sacs outside Reno create interesting symmetry, seen on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 departs Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD80 rockets out of Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 747-400 departs Seattle-Tacoma International Airport under ominous skies on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines plane.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin American Airbus A319 takes off from Las Vegas on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane lands on Seattle's Lake Union on Feb. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' new livery makes an appearance at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane soars over Seattle's Eastlake neighborhood on Feb. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands under a faint rainbow at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin American Airbus A319 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737 makes an awkward landing on a windy day at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 29 2 of 29 3 of 29 4 of 29 5 of 29 6 of 29 7 of 29 8 of 29 9 of 29 10 of 29 11 of 29 12 of 29 13 of 29 14 of 29 15 of 29 16 of 29 17 of 29 18 of 29 19 of 29 20 of 29 21 of 29 22 of 29 23 of 29 24 of 29 25 of 29 26 of 29 27 of 29 28 of 29 29 of 29 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn April's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The Museum of Flight's American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a five-lane road during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A giant Antonov 124 cargo jet rests on a taxiway at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A US Airways heritage jet, bearing America West markings, lands at Mineta San Jose International Airport on March 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two Boeing 747 Dreamlifter cargo jets trade places at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Lufthansa's newest Boeing 747-8i takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on its delivery flight to Frankfurt, Germany, on March 25, 2015. The jet is painted in retro colors from the 1970s.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Falcon 7X business jet taxies for takeoff at Seattle's Boeing Field in this 2013 file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A large GE CF-6 engine powers an EVA Air Airbus A330-200 out of Fukuoka, Japan, on Jan. 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Honeywell's Boeing 757 testbed rests under the Phoenix sun on Feb. 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A setting sun illuminates a row of seats onboard a Southwest flight in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin America Airbus A320 taxies for departure at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted, soon-to-be Oman Air Boeing 737 lands at Boeing Field in Seattle in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Painted in the company's new livery, a KLM Boeing 777-300 lands after a test flight at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mount Baker looms in the background as an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787-8 prepares to land at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An EA-18 Growler fighter jet rises above a field of flowers after practicing a carrier approach at Naval Outlying Field Coupeville, Wash., on March 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 767s like this brand-new FedEx 767-300 freighter are still going strong, over 30 years since first flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 777-300 prepares to land at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Lufthansa's newest Boeing 747-8i takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on its delivery flight to Frankfurt, Germany, on March 25, 2015. The jet is painted in retro colors from the 1970s.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Still several miles out from landing at SeaTac, an ANA Boeing 787-8 soars high over north Seattle on March 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A P-3 turboprop submarine hunter from Naval Air Station Whidbey Island takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-900 returns a group of journalists to Seattle after a demo flight of its new cabin service, Alaska Beyond, on March 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 757-200 ecoDemonstrator jet takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Gulfstream 650 business jet taxies to a hangar at Seattle's Boeing Field in this 2013 file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane rises over downtown Seattle in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Rushing down the runway, an EA-18 Growler practices carrier approaches at Naval Outlying Field Coupeville, Wash., on March 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force KC-135 refueling jet takes off over Seattle in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Museum of Flight's Concorde jet is towed onto an active taxiway for temporary storage during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Museum of Flight's American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a five-lane road during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen San Jose's new passenger terminal shines in the noon-day sun on March 31, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A business jet clad in several hues of blue taxies for departure at Mineta San Jose International Airport in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Silicon Valley is lit up in late-evening light, as seen from a Skywest Bombardier CRJ-900 en route to Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k3BCeL Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air 490 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares Creature Craft: Making extreme whitewater rapids ... safe? 841 Shares Ariz.'s newest roadside oddity looks like it fell from space 223 Shares Michael Schwartz's Miami pizzeria is a must-try 138 Shares
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India Source : Last Updated: Wed, Feb 08, 2017 22:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print New Delhi, Feb 8 (IANS) Global defence and aviation major Boeing on Wednesday announced setting up of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local business entity, to support the company's future growth in the country, said a company statement. "The BDI will serve as a framework enabling us to draw on the growth and productivity benefits that India can offer Boeing," said Leanne Caret, President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Defense, Space and Security. Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India, will lead the new entity, said the statement. "Boeing has made accelerated investments to grow the manufacturing, skill development and engineering scale in the country," Kumar was quoted in the release as having said. "With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with India's Ministry of Defence to deliver advanced capability and readiness to India's military customers and to develop a competitive supplier base in the country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain," Kumar added. In recent years, India has procured C-17 Globemaster III, a heavy lift aircraft, P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft and Harpoon anti-ship missiles from Boeing. The BDI will oversee company's recent investments in India including the Tata Boeing Aerospace Ltd (TBAL) joint venture, the C-17 simulator training centre, Boeing's sourcing and manufacturing activities, sales and marketing activities and the engineering centre expansion. --IANS rs/nir/vt SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Jallikattu comes back to Alanganallur Are F-16s a good choice for the Indian Air Force? Assembly Elections 2017 in cartoons Modi and Manmohan are both raincoat rulers Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 261/6 (83.1) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Money Looking to fly high: Air India likely to add 35 planes in two years Shares68 Wed, 8 Feb 2017-10:10pm , PTI Out of the 34 planes, the carrier will lease 29 planes which would be narrow-body Airbus A320s while the remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. "We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale," he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit on Wednesday. Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline's fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, Toronto. Besides, Srivastava said the airline would increase frequency on routes such as Melbourne, Sydney Colombo, Kathmandu, Singapore and Bangkok. With respect to finance, he said the airline is looking at various options to reduce its borrowings, including by converting some of the working capital loans into equity. Air India is surviving on a Rs 30,000-crore bailout package, spread over a ten-year period, that was approved by the central government in 2012. So far, the airline has received around Rs 24,000 crore as part of this financial package. In the last fiscal, Air India posted an operational profit of Rs 105 crore for the first time in a decade while its total debt stood at over Rs 46,000 crore. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Raghuram Rajan stepped down because of demonetization: P Chidambaram Money Snapdeal asks managers to 'right-size' teams; to lay off nearly 30% staff in two months: report Money IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad allays visa concerns; says have spoken to US govt Money Make In India: Govt approves electronics development fund of Rs 6,831 crore Money Hindustan Motors sells iconic Ambassador brand to Peugeot Money No breakdown in corporate governance at Infosys: Board member Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Live Cricket Score Live BAN 261/6 (83.1) BAN trail by 426 runs IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Erstwhile Indian Airlines asked to pay Rs 2 lakh for harassing passengers Air India to lease out around 25,000 sq feet space in Kolkata Air India to hike salary of employees by 2% Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Air India (AI) Aviation Sector Pankaj Srivastava SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Akhilesh govt. playing with aspirations of youth for political gains PM Modi Missing China billionaire taken from Hong Kong hotel in wheelchair -source South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias Punjab Police arrest four gangsters after shootout Delay in Governor's decision will create confusion: DK Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 All finance ministers have perpetual desire for lower rate: FM Copper, nickel strengthen on global cues, firm demand ICRA's Board approves buyback of its equity shares from open market through stock exchange Kirana: Select spices, led by black pepper and jeera, Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 2-Brazil challenges Canada at WTO over Bombardier funding Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Wed Feb 8, 2017 | 2:42pm EST UPDATE 2-Brazil challenges Canada at WTO over Bombardier funding (Adds comments from Bombardier, Brazilian official, trade lawyer) By Brad Haynes and Alonso Soto SAO PAULO/BRASILIA Feb 8 Brazil opened a formal complaint against Canada at the World Trade Organization (WTO) on Wednesday, accusing the country of distorting the global aerospace industry with subsidies for planemaker Bombardier Inc . Brazil has threatened for months to open the WTO dispute, arguing that support for Bombardier's new CSeries was undercutting the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer SA. The case builds on decades of antagonism between the two regional jet makers and echoes arguments in the world's largest trade dispute, a transatlantic spat over government support for Boeing Co and Airbus Group SE. Brazil's action came on the heels of fresh support for Bombardier on Tuesday in the form of interest-free loans worth C$373 million ($283 million) from the Canadian government. Canada's Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne said the loans complied with WTO rules and the government would defend itself against litigation. Brazil's Foreign Ministry criticized "at least $2.5 billion in government support" for the Canadian planemaker last year and a senior official said the complaint would include the loans announced on Tuesday. "It is the understanding of Brazil that these Canadian subsidies artificially affect international competitiveness," the ministry said in a statement. The province of Quebec, where Bombardier is based, injected $1 billion into the company's CSeries program last year. The province's largest pension fund also invested $1.5 billion in the company's rail unit. Embraer Chief Executive Officer Paulo Cesar Silva said in a statement that the ongoing cash injections "have not only been fundamental in the development and survival of the CSeries program, but have also allowed Bombardier to offer its aircraft at artificially low prices." STEEP DELTA DISCOUNT Last year, Bombardier scored an order from Delta Air Lines Inc for 75 CSeries jets, worth some $5.6 billion at list prices, beating out Embraer's competing E-Jets with below break-even prices, according to the Brazilians. Two sources familiar with the deal said Bombardier offered a roughly two-thirds discount to win the order, its biggest to date for the fledgling CSeries program. Bombardier booked a $500 million "onerous contract" charge related to that Delta order and a separate deal with Air Canada . Carlos Cozendey, undersecretary for economic affairs at Brazil's Foreign Ministry, said that subsidies had been key in helping Bombardier win the Delta contract and could influence more sales campaigns this year. Bombardier pushed back on Wednesday, calling the government support a standard practice in the global aerospace industry. "All forms of support provided to Bombardier, including the repayable program contributions announced by the federal government yesterday and the investment from the Quebec government...are fully compliant with Canada's international trade obligations," Bombardier said in a statement. The company compared that funding to loans for Embraer from Brazil's state development bank BNDES and an investment by the Brazilian Air Force in Embraer's new military cargo jet. "The aerospace industry is heavily subsidized around the world," said lawyer Renata Amaral, head of the international trade practice at Brazilian firm Barral M Jorge & Associates. "The problem is when subsidies reach a degree that starts creating distortions in the market." Amaral, who has advised Brazil on previous WTO cases, said that a decision on the current dispute was likely to stretch into 2018. Both countries now have up to 60 days to try to settle the dispute before the WTO convenes a panel of experts to help make a ruling in the case. BUILDING ON PRECEDENT The latest WTO standoff follows nearly a decade of sparring between Brazil and Canada over state financing for Embraer and Bombardier's exports in the 1990s. However, the current dispute is closer in substance to the clash between the United States and the European Union over allegedly unfair support for Boeing and Airbus. Brazil will aim to build on a partial U.S. victory in that case, which focused on comparing public financing for aircraft development with private-sector benchmarks to determine whether the loans constituted improper subsidies. The WTO ruled that loans to Airbus were unfair but stopped short of putting them in the worst category of "prohibited" aid. The dispute, which started more than a decade ago, has still not completed a lengthy WTO compliance process. Cozendey, of Brazil's foreign ministry, said that precedent strengthened the argument against Canadian subsidies. Brazil will argue that some of Canada's measures are "prohibited" under international trade law, while others are not illegal per se but are "actionable" because the scale of the subsidies are disrupting competition, Cozendey said. ($1 = C$1.32) (Reporting by Brad Haynes in Sao Paulo and Alonso Soto in Brasilia; Additional reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal and Tim Hepher in Paris; Editing by Daniel Flynn, Nick Zieminski and Lisa Shumaker) Next In Bonds News India's Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide LUCKNOW, India, Feb 11 Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi faces his biggest electoral test since coming to power when the battleground state of Uttar Pradesh, which he swept three years ago, holds an election starting on Saturday. BRIEF-Almadex Minerals says increase to previous private placement * Almadex Minerals announces increase to previously announced proposed private placement BRIEF-Xcel Brands Inc files for mixed shelf offering of up to $75 million - SEC filing * Xcel Brands Inc files for mixed shelf offering of up to $75 million - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (http://bit.ly/2ltc2VK) Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Time not conducive for panchayat polls in J-K: Tarigami Siemens net up 43% at Rs 160 cr in Dec quarter Business Standard Air India likely to induct 34 planes in two years Press Trust of India  |  Mumbai  February 8, 2017 Last Updated at 19:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTMw4u ALSO READ Air India plans flights to Tel Aviv, Washington AI to start 3 flights a week non-stop from Delhi to Washington Air India, Air Austral enter into code share pact Air India eyes opportunities in defence MRO biz Air India reduces debt by Rs 5,000 crore last fiscal National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. "We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale," he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit here today. Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline's fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, Toronto. Besides, Srivastava said the airline would increase frequency on routes such as Melbourne, Sydney Colombo, Kathmandu, Singapore and Bangkok. With respect to finance, he said the airline is looking at various options to reduce its borrowings, including by converting some of the working capital loans into equity. Air India is surviving on a Rs 30,000-crore bailout package, spread over a ten-year period, that was approved by the central government in 2012. So far, the airline has received around Rs 24,000 crore as part of this financial package. In the last fiscal, Air India posted an operational profit of Rs 105 crore for the first time in a decade while its total debt stood at over Rs 46,000 crore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Air India | India | Washington | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Air India likely to induct 34 planes in two years National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. "We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale," he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit here today. Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline's fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, ... National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. "We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale," he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit here today. Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline's fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, Toronto. Besides, Srivastava said the airline would increase frequency on routes such as Melbourne, Sydney Colombo, Kathmandu, Singapore and Bangkok. With respect to finance, he said the airline is looking at various options to reduce its borrowings, including by converting some of the working capital loans into equity. Air India is surviving on a Rs 30,000-crore bailout package, spread over a ten-year period, that was approved by the central government in 2012. So far, the airline has received around Rs 24,000 crore as part of this financial package. In the last fiscal, Air India posted an operational profit of Rs 105 crore for the first time in a decade while its total debt stood at over Rs 46,000 crore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Air India likely to induct 34 planes in two years National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. "We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale," he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit here today. Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline's fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, Toronto. Besides, Srivastava said the airline would increase frequency on routes such as Melbourne, Sydney Colombo, Kathmandu, Singapore and Bangkok. With respect to finance, he said the airline is looking at various options to reduce its borrowings, including by converting some of the working capital loans into equity. Air India is surviving on a Rs 30,000-crore bailout package, spread over a ten-year period, that was approved by the central government in 2012. So far, the airline has received around Rs 24,000 crore as part of this financial package. In the last fiscal, Air India posted an operational profit of Rs 105 crore for the first time in a decade while its total debt stood at over Rs 46,000 crore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 261/6 (83.1) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Money Boeing sets up Boeing Defence India in supply play Shares1 Wed, 8 Feb 2017-08:41pm , PTI Boeing today announced establishment of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local operating entity, that will support the company's future growth objectives in the country in services and support, sales and marketing, sourcing, manufacturing and engineering. With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with the Ministry of Defence to deliver capability and readiness to India's military customers and develop a competitive supplier base in country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Raghuram Rajan stepped down because of demonetization: P Chidambaram Money Snapdeal asks managers to 'right-size' teams; to lay off nearly 30% staff in two months: report Money IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad allays visa concerns; says have spoken to US govt Money Make In India: Govt approves electronics development fund of Rs 6,831 crore Money Hindustan Motors sells iconic Ambassador brand to Peugeot Money No breakdown in corporate governance at Infosys: Board member Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Live Cricket Score Live BAN 261/6 (83.1) BAN trail by 426 runs IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Defence Budget sees marginal overall increase, gets overshadowed by manpower cost Cairn India gets nod for drilling 64 exploratory, appraisal wells in KG-Basin 'DRDO ready to compete with foreign companies, export' Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Ministry of Defence SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Akhilesh govt. playing with aspirations of youth for political gains PM Modi Missing China billionaire taken from Hong Kong hotel in wheelchair -source South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias Punjab Police arrest four gangsters after shootout Delay in Governor's decision will create confusion: DK Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 All finance ministers have perpetual desire for lower rate: FM Copper, nickel strengthen on global cues, firm demand ICRA's Board approves buyback of its equity shares from open market through stock exchange Kirana: Select spices, led by black pepper and jeera, Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing vs. Airbus: Which Airplane Manufacturer Is a Better Buy? Boeing and Airbus are the biggest players in the passenger aircraft game, and both have long order backlogs. But long-term investors will find one clearly in a stronger position. Motley Fool Staff Feb 8, 2017 at 8:04AM In this clip from Industry Focus: Industrials, Sean O'Reilly and Adam Levine-Weinberg talk about which airplane manufacturer is a better buy for long-term investors: Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) or Boeing (NYSE:BA). Find out which has the bigger backlog (and why that isn't necessarily a good thing), what's coming around the bend for both companies, what's going to be cutting into demand for the next few years, and, of course, which company is a better buy. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 26, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: Let's talk some numbers before we head out of here. Who sells more planes? Adam Levine-Weinberg: As I said before, Airbus definitely has a lead right now in terms of the orders. Every year for the last few years, they have pretty reliably come in ahead of Boeing in terms of orders. On the widebody side, both companies had about 1,200 or 1,300 orders in backlog, and those planes tend to go for $100 million or more. So, between the two of them, that's several hundred billion dollars of planes. On the narrowbody side, the numbers are actually even bigger. Boeing has over 4,400 planes that are in backlog just with the 737 and the upcoming 737MAX. Airbus has over 5,600. That's quite a bit ahead. O'Reilly: This is a lot of planes we're talking here. Levine-Weinberg: So there's definitely an advantage for Airbus, but the fact remains that it's going to take Boeing seven years just to build all the planes that it has. Airbus, it's kind of overkill. It's great to have that many orders in backlog; it means that you can survive a recession where you might have orders dry up suddenly for a couple years at a time. But unless that happens, it's not going to really matter so much, because Airbus doesn't have the capacity to build planes much faster than it's already planning to build them, which is less than 700 a year. So it has eight or nine years of production already locked in. As a result, it's just not going to sell as many planes in the future, or it's going to have to figure out some way to build new factories or squeeze more planes out of the existing factories it has. O'Reilly: So, obviously, this is The Motley Fool; we're investors. What do you see coming around the bend for these guys, and what do you think of the valuations of these companies? I have looked, Boeing is long -- I cannot believe this company's return on capital and equity. It's like in the 90s, some years, 90% return on equity in a year. It's a fun balance sheet, and we can talk about that a little bit more another time. But it's got a 12, 13 multiple P/E. Airbus, it's a good business, but it's inferior by every measure. They're not free-cash-flow positive most years. Boeing just throws off money like it's its job. Which stock do you like? What do you see coming around the bend for these guys? Levine-Weinberg: I still like Boeing's stock. It has run up quite a bit in the last few months. Early last year, about a year ago, it had dived down to the low hundreds, and it's risen about 15% since then. But I still think that Boeing could continue to gain ground over the next few years. Right now, they have a little bit of a transitional period where a couple of their models, particularly their 777, which has been a big cash cow for them in the past few years, demand is really falling off. But the reason why is that you have a new version of that plane which is coming out in 2020. O'Reilly: And they all know it, so they're not ordering it. Levine-Weinberg: Everyone knows; they announced it several years ago. It's really hard to keep selling an old plane when everybody knows that a new, better model, more fuel-efficient, more range, is coming out not that far in the future. And it's also true that right now, a lot of the developing world in particular has been having trouble both with a strong dollar, which makes it more expensive to buy these planes, and also just unsteady demand, especially in places like Russia and Brazil, where you've had big drop offs in GDP recently. So that's definitely cut into the demand for these planes. But if you look out to 2020 and beyond, once that new version of 777 ramps up, Boeing is going to be, I think, in pretty good shape to continue growing its free cash flow. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 8:04AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $17.11 up $0.06 (0.38%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Boeing vs. Airbus: Which Airplane Manufacturer Is a Better Buy? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $EADSY
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Lockheed Hit by U.S. Air Force for More GPS III Satellite Flaws by Anthony Capaccio @ACapaccio More stories by Anthony Capaccio February 8, 2017, 5:00 AM EST Subcontractor Harris Corp. tested wrong part in evaluation Air Force weighs whether to let Boeing, Northrop bid in future GPS III computer rendering. Source: USAF Botched testing by a Lockheed Martin Corp. subcontractor on a key component for the U.S.’s newest Global Positioning System satellites raises new questions about the No. 1 defense contractor’s supervision of the project, according to a top Air Force official. The mistake by subcontractor Harris Corp. forced another delay in the delivery of the first of 32 planned GPS III satellites until later this month, according to Major General Roger Teague, the Air Force’s chief of space programs. That will make the $528 million satellite 34 months late, according to service data. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Lockheed has a contract to build the first 10 of the satellites designed to provide a more accurate version of the Global Positioning System used for everything from the military’s targeting of terrorists to turn-by-turn directions for civilians’ smartphones. The program’s latest setback may affect a pending Air Force decision on whether to open the final 22 satellites to competition from Lockheed rivals Boeing Co. and Northrop Grumman Corp. “This was an avoidable situation and raised significant concerns with Lockheed Martin subcontractor management/oversight and Harris program management,” Teague said in a Dec. 21 message to congressional staff obtained by Bloomberg News. Ceramic Capacitors The parts in question are ceramic capacitors that have bedeviled the satellite project. They take higher-voltage power from the satellite’s power system and reduce it to a voltage required for a particular subsystem. Last year, the Air Force and contractors discovered that Harris hadn’t conducted tests on the components, including how long they would operate without failing, that should have been completed in 2010. Now, the Air Force says it found that Harris spent June to October of last year doing follow-up testing on the wrong parts instead of samples of the suspect capacitors installed on the first three satellites. Harris “immediately notified Lockheed and the government” after a post-test inspection, Teague said in his message. Lockheed spokesman Chip Eschenfelder said in an e-mail said that testing of the capacitors’ design was successfully completed in December. “The capacitors met all mission qualification requirements,” he said, so “we are confident the capacitors are mission-ready.” ‘Successfully Completed’ Harris spokeswoman Ellen Mitchell said in an e-mail that company personnel last year identified a capacitor “that was not subjected to all required qualification tests. Once the issue was discovered, Harris deployed a team dedicated to complete the required capacitor tests. The capacitor qualification testing was successfully completed in December 2016.” But Teague said in an interview that Harris was required to perform not only a test to show that the part met design specifications but a separate one to assess the component’s reliability and whether it met a requirement to last 15 years. That second test wasn’t accomplished because “they used the wrong test item,” he said. Cristina Chaplain, a military space systems director at the Government Accountability Office, said in an e-mail that the latest problem “undermines the faith in the progress, if any, that the government and contractor may have been making in turning around a culture that has led to multiyear delays” and cost increases. The Air Force has decided to accept the first satellite even if its capacitors may be flawed because removing them could delay the delivery until October and cost about $70 million, Teague wrote to the congressional staff. The Air Force is confident in the first satellite’s overall reliability based on 3,000 hours of cumulative testing, Teague said. The Air Force will have to pay to replace the suspect capacitors on the second and third satellites. That’s because the satellites are being developed under cost-reimbursement-type contracts, which require the Pentagon to pay for cost increases, the service said. In an Air Force list of priorities that lacked funding for this year, the service said it needed $100 million for GPS III “capacitor repair/replace.” Captain AnnMarie Annicelli, an Air Force spokeswoman, said the list represented potential expenditures on which final decisions had not been made. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News A Year of Sustained Growth for Etihad Airways in 2016 as it Evolves into Etihad Aviation Group ABU DHABI, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Etihad Airways delivered another year of sustained growth in 2016, helped by new aircraft, additional frequencies and the introduction of further world-class products. The airline carried 18.5 million guests during the year, up six percent on 2015. The airline was also part of the evolution of Etihad Aviation Group, a wider aviation and tourism business which now also includes Etihad Airways Engineering, Airline Equity Partners, Etihad Airport Services and Hala Group. The formation of Etihad Aviation Group was announced in May 2016.  During the year, Etihad Airways operated more than 109,000 scheduled passenger and cargo flights spanning around 446 million kilometres and 112 destinations. Capacity, measured in available seat kilometres (ASK), grew by nine percent and passenger traffic, measured by revenue passenger kilometres (RPK), rose by eight percent. The average load factor held steady at 79 percent. Etihad Airways’ fleet of 119 aircraft is one of the youngest and most environmentally-friendly in the industry, with an average age of six years. During the year, the airline took delivery of 10 aircraft: three Airbus A380s, five Boeing 787s and two Boeing 777-200 cargo freighters. An additional 12 aircraft are set for delivery in 2017, including nine Boeing 787s, two Airbus A380s and one A330-200 freighter. Etihad holds the strongest credit rating in the aviation industry (A by Fitch), demonstrating the strength of its successful business model which is widely acknowledged by the international financial community. James Hogan, President and Chief Executive Officer of Etihad Aviation Group (EAG), said: „2016 saw sustained growth in a very tough business environment. This is where Etihad Airways’ superior products and services show their true value and where the strength of the EAG business model comes into effect through its diversity of businesses, cost-effective synergies and global spread of risk. Most importantly, in 2016 we were able to introduce our new Group structure, which positions this business for long-term growth and development.” Etihad Airways launched Venice in Italy, Rabat in Morocco and Sabiha Gokcen in Turkey as new destinations in 2016. The much-admired Airbus A380 began serving Mumbai and Melbourne, and the Boeing 787 Dreamliner was deployed on new routes, including Perth, Shanghai, Johannesburg and Dusseldorf.  The airline added a fifth daily flight on the Doha route, an extra daily flight to Cairo and Kozhikode, and increased frequencies to Dammam, Manila and Tehran. Etihad Airways carried more than 76 percent of the total passengers who traveled to and from Abu Dhabi International Airport in 2016. With the addition of the airline’s equity partners that operate flights into the UAE capital, the combined total rises to 86 percent of passenger traffic at the airport. The airline’s codeshare and equity partnerships delivered 5.5 million passengers onto Etihad Airways’ flights, an increase of nine percent over the five million passengers in 2015. The airline launched new codeshare agreements with Avianca Colombia, Avianca Brasil, Kulula, Precision Air and Montenegro Airlines. Etihad Airways’ existing codeshares with airberlin, Alitalia, Brussels Airlines, Flynas, Jet Airways, Malaysia Airlines, Hong Kong Airlines, and Virgin Australia were significantly expanded. Etihad Airways also launched new interline agreements with Lufthansa, Pegasus, Malindo and LATAM. As a result, the airline now offers a combined passenger and cargo network of nearly 600 destinations through its 188 interline and 53 codeshare partnerships. Etihad Airways’ equity partner network, including airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia and Etihad Regional, represents the seventh largest global grouping of airlines. In 2016, the combined fleet of 705 aircraft carried 126.6 million guests. In November, Etihad Airways Engineering dealt with a record-breaking week of heavy maintenance at its state-of-the-art facility in Abu Dhabi. Aircraft from six of the seven partner airlines were worked on by the company’s 3,000-strong team. During 2016, Etihad Cargo carried 592,700 tonnes, which was flat year-on-year. Etihad Cargo expanded its freighter services to several new markets, including Columbus Rickenbacker, Ohio in the US; East Midlands and London Stansted in the UK; Copenhagen; Brussels; Addis Ababa and Casablanca in Africa; Colombo; Muscat; and Zhengzhou in China. This brings the number of freighter-only destinations to 15. Strong growth was achieved within the group’s loyalty businesses with over three million new members joining the Etihad Guest, MilleMiglia (Alitalia), topbonus (airberlin) and JetPrivilege programs, which now provide benefits to nearly 20 million members. The Etihad Aviation Group workforce, as of December 31, stood at 26,635 employees, representing 150 nationalities. The airline continued to prioritize its Emiratisation program, and in November, celebrated the graduation of 310 future leaders from the Future Leaders Programs, a strong indication of the company’s commitment to investing in its people. There are currently more than 3,000 Emirati employees – 52 percent of whom are women, including engineers and pilots. Mr Hogan added: „2017 will be another challenging year. We will continue to expand prudently and efficiently, reflecting the nature of the economic environment. We remain optimistic and have every belief that our robust business model will succeed and, most importantly, stand the test of time.” 2016 was a year of impressive accolades for Etihad Airways – the pinnacle being the Skytrax Certified 5-Star Airline Rating – the most sought-after quality status in the airline industry. Etihad was also named the ‚World’s Leading Airline’ at the World Travel Awards for the eighth consecutive year and collected the coveted Crystal Cabin Award for the Boeing 787 First Class cabin design. During the year, Etihad Guest marked its 10th anniversary and reached 4.7 million members. About Etihad Aviation Group Etihad Aviation Group (EAG) is a diversified global aviation and travel group comprising five business divisions – Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, Etihad Airways Engineering, Etihad Airport Services, Hala Group and Airline Equity Partners. The group has minority investments in seven airlines: airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia, and Swiss-based Darwin Airline, trading as Etihad Regional. From its Abu Dhabi base, Etihad Airways flies to, or has announced plans to serve, more than 110 passenger and cargo destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Americas. The airline has a fleet of over 120 Airbus and Boeing aircraft, with 204 aircraft on firm order, including 71 Boeing 787s, 25 Boeing 777Xs, 62 Airbus A350s and 10 Airbus A380s. For more information, please visit: etihad.com SOURCE Etihad Airways CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Arts, base, Business, Companies, company, Culture, Environment, fleet, formation, Industry, jet, Markets, officer, star, Travel, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aspire Global Selects SBTech as its Exclusive Sportsbook Supplier Next PostNext TerraX begins 17,000 meter winter drill program at Yellowknife City Gold Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing vs. Airbus: Which Airplane Manufacturer Is a Better Buy? Boeing and Airbus are the biggest players in the passenger aircraft game, and both have long order backlogs. But long-term investors will find one clearly in a stronger position. Motley Fool Staff Feb 8, 2017 at 8:04AM In this clip from Industry Focus: Industrials, Sean O'Reilly and Adam Levine-Weinberg talk about which airplane manufacturer is a better buy for long-term investors: Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) or Boeing (NYSE:BA). Find out which has the bigger backlog (and why that isn't necessarily a good thing), what's coming around the bend for both companies, what's going to be cutting into demand for the next few years, and, of course, which company is a better buy. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 26, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: Let's talk some numbers before we head out of here. Who sells more planes? Adam Levine-Weinberg: As I said before, Airbus definitely has a lead right now in terms of the orders. Every year for the last few years, they have pretty reliably come in ahead of Boeing in terms of orders. On the widebody side, both companies had about 1,200 or 1,300 orders in backlog, and those planes tend to go for $100 million or more. So, between the two of them, that's several hundred billion dollars of planes. On the narrowbody side, the numbers are actually even bigger. Boeing has over 4,400 planes that are in backlog just with the 737 and the upcoming 737MAX. Airbus has over 5,600. That's quite a bit ahead. O'Reilly: This is a lot of planes we're talking here. Levine-Weinberg: So there's definitely an advantage for Airbus, but the fact remains that it's going to take Boeing seven years just to build all the planes that it has. Airbus, it's kind of overkill. It's great to have that many orders in backlog; it means that you can survive a recession where you might have orders dry up suddenly for a couple years at a time. But unless that happens, it's not going to really matter so much, because Airbus doesn't have the capacity to build planes much faster than it's already planning to build them, which is less than 700 a year. So it has eight or nine years of production already locked in. As a result, it's just not going to sell as many planes in the future, or it's going to have to figure out some way to build new factories or squeeze more planes out of the existing factories it has. O'Reilly: So, obviously, this is The Motley Fool; we're investors. What do you see coming around the bend for these guys, and what do you think of the valuations of these companies? I have looked, Boeing is long -- I cannot believe this company's return on capital and equity. It's like in the 90s, some years, 90% return on equity in a year. It's a fun balance sheet, and we can talk about that a little bit more another time. But it's got a 12, 13 multiple P/E. Airbus, it's a good business, but it's inferior by every measure. They're not free-cash-flow positive most years. Boeing just throws off money like it's its job. Which stock do you like? What do you see coming around the bend for these guys? Levine-Weinberg: I still like Boeing's stock. It has run up quite a bit in the last few months. Early last year, about a year ago, it had dived down to the low hundreds, and it's risen about 15% since then. But I still think that Boeing could continue to gain ground over the next few years. Right now, they have a little bit of a transitional period where a couple of their models, particularly their 777, which has been a big cash cow for them in the past few years, demand is really falling off. But the reason why is that you have a new version of that plane which is coming out in 2020. O'Reilly: And they all know it, so they're not ordering it. Levine-Weinberg: Everyone knows; they announced it several years ago. It's really hard to keep selling an old plane when everybody knows that a new, better model, more fuel-efficient, more range, is coming out not that far in the future. And it's also true that right now, a lot of the developing world in particular has been having trouble both with a strong dollar, which makes it more expensive to buy these planes, and also just unsteady demand, especially in places like Russia and Brazil, where you've had big drop offs in GDP recently. So that's definitely cut into the demand for these planes. But if you look out to 2020 and beyond, once that new version of 777 ramps up, Boeing is going to be, I think, in pretty good shape to continue growing its free cash flow. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 8:04AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $17.11 up $0.06 (0.38%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Boeing vs. Airbus: Which Airplane Manufacturer Is a Better Buy? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $EADSY
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Scientists put a laser scanner inside blood vessels to look for cardiovascular risks Marijuana fans mix with space fans at The Goodship Company’s Seattle SETI salon Week in Geek: NBA goes big into eSports, and free shipping is costing Amazon big time Zillow loses $8.3M federal copyright lawsuit related to its Digs home design website Reports: White House considers rewriting immigration order instead of going directly to Supreme Court Startup Spotlight: Amazon vets launch crowdsourced decision-making app Abett Amazon spent just $103M on acquisitions last year, down sharply amid broader tech M&A slowdown Best way from A to B: Former Expedia vet raises $1.5M for stealthy transportation advice startup ‘Game of Thrones’ star wanders Greenland to capture spectacular Google Street View images Vesiflo raises $2.4M to bring bladder-controlling device to market GearedUp gets dressed up with a pair of Seattle’s first Snap Spectacles and a smart bike helmet Coolest Cooler delivers new update as deliveries trickle out for still-waiting Kickstarter backers Ford partners with Google and Uber veterans at Argo AI for self-driving cars Could Amazon make Victoria’s Secret go bust? Tech giant reportedly launching line of $10 bras It’ll take labor and luck to spot a subtle lunar eclipse and a groovy green comet It’s hard to #resist! ‘Saturday Night Live’ debuts on Snapchat with story about couple’s Trump troubles SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Valve is working on three new virtual reality games, ‘not just experiments’ Q&A: Tech evangelist Robert Scoble predicts mixed reality devices will largely supplant smartphones Facebook announces audit by media watchdog after misreporting metrics in 2016 Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa The cost of convenience: Amazon’s shipping losses top $7B for first time Here’s how to stream the Super Bowl for free, without a cable subscription Yes, another Amazon building: 17-story office project will expand new Seattle campus to 5th block Amazon soars to more than 341K employees — adding more than 110K people in a single year Elon Musk stirs up an epic tweetstorm over Donald Trump and America’s legal system Watch: Google’s Super Bowl commercial stars Google Home, its voice-activated smart speaker Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Microsoft’s AI group debuts customizable speech-to-text technology, rapidly expanding ‘cognitive services’ for developers Cloud Report Card: Amazon Web Services is a $12B juggernaut, but Microsoft and Google are gaining Twitter rant on aisle 7! Jeff Bezos slams NY Post report on automated Amazon grocery stores Silicon Valley tech workers lead migration to Seattle, which now ranks 2nd in U.S. for software engineer salaries New court filing: Google, Uber, Microsoft and nearly 100 others back Washington state case vs. Trump Trump administration seeks to reinstate immigration ban in court hearing Washington AG explains how Amazon, Expedia, and Microsoft influenced crucial victory over Trump At Seattle hearing, federal judge issues restraining order to halt Trump’s immigration ban nationwide SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Trending: Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Space & Science NASA tests next-generation air traffic software in Washington state’s skies by Alan Boyle on February 7, 2017 at 6:28 pmFebruary 7, 2017 at 7:42 pm Comments   Share  120 Tweet Share  17 Reddit Email Early-bird tickets to the GW Bash end Friday! A tablet computer displays air traffic data during ATD-1 flight simulations. (NASA Photo / David C. Bowman) Landing planes at busy airports can be a challenging work of aerial ballet, and this week, NASA is testing a computerized choreographer to handle the job in the skies over Washington state. The tests, supervised by NASA’s Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate, are part of a series of flights known as Air Traffic Management Technology Demonstration, or ATD-1. Three research airplanes have been outfitted with NASA-developed software that keeps track of the speed and position of the airplanes as they approach an airport. The flight deck interval management software automatically calculates how fast the planes should be traveling to maintain the proper spacing between them, and displays that information on a tablet in the planes’ cockpits. The software can predict the moment when an airplane touches down within a few seconds. That information should help pilots and ground controllers plot the planes’ routes more easily and efficiently. The payoff comes in the form of fuel savings, noise and pollution reduction and fewer flight delays. NASA’s Langley Research Center in Virginia and Ames Research Center in California played key roles in developing the software, but the Pacific Northwest provides more open space for trying out the system under real-world conditions. A Honeywell Dassault Falcon business jet is taking on the role of prima ballerina for this week’s tests. It broadcasts speed and position data to a Honeywell Boeing 757 based out of Seattle’s Boeing Field, and to a United Airlines Boeing 737 based out of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. During each test flight, the three jets conduct the aviation equivalent of a pas de trois – with Grant County International Airport in Moses Lake, Wash., serving as the primary stage. “It’s a very simple ‘follow the leader’ operation that is easy to execute by the flight crew,” Sheri Brown, ATD-1 project manager at Langley Research Center, said in NASA’s preview of the tests. Performances are taking place all this week, but NASA says the initial ATD-1 flights were already “very successful.” Here’s a Twitter recap of today’s test: Things have improved a little since this pic yesterday. Neither rain nor snow, etc. can stop @NASAAero ATD-1 flight test in Seattle. pic.twitter.com/fUgnOF6WrS — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 We are using 2 @Honeywell_Aero and 1 @united planes to test airborne traffic management aircraft spacing technology in Washington state. pic.twitter.com/vSoHZedmql — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 This @NASAAero flight test works on a "follow the leader" arrival principle. Here's the leader – a @Honeywell_Aero Falcon biz jet. pic.twitter.com/we4eXDFwwW — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 Reporting from onboard the Honeywell Boeing 757 aircraft before takeoff for today's tests of interval mngmnt software. pic.twitter.com/6yLyb6DvL9 — NASA Aeronautics (@NASAAero) February 7, 2017 About to take off inside a Honeywell 757. Filming for NASA's ATD-1 testing around Seattle with team lead Boeing and team member United. pic.twitter.com/YEbC8K01oz — NASA X (@NASAXrocks) February 7, 2017 Beautiful takeoff from Boeing field. NASA's ATD-1 testing underway. pic.twitter.com/9KXDXXpxiE — NASA X (@NASAXrocks) February 7, 2017 This is @Honeywell_Aero cockpit en route to Moses Lake testing site – not much to see above clouds. pic.twitter.com/L235OvTa0j — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 The aircraft spacing computer tool is displayed on an electronic flight bag tablet in cockpit. More here: https://t.co/PPvmcm3UNC pic.twitter.com/nIMiuIU9GY — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 Displays on board show technology at work – planes follow each other using computer precise spacing guidance. 757 is shown in black. pic.twitter.com/lIMlonSsAj — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 And we do a go around over Moses Lake – lining up for another test scenario. It's a beautiful day to fly and test! pic.twitter.com/qlJuBU4Mzy — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 Flight tests also require test engineers, directors from us, @BoeingAirplanes and @Honeywell_Aero. Cool engineering set up! pic.twitter.com/SXVBNx8Fzl — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 On board 737. https://t.co/90bmabS8Ha — NASA Aeronautics (@NASAAero) February 7, 2017 Brian Baxley from NASA Langley Research Center at 10000 feet speaking about the benefits of ATD-1 for the general public. pic.twitter.com/nDWRRJEJlE — NASA X (@NASAXrocks) February 7, 2017 The 757 performed beautifully today. ATD-1 testing was very successful. Looking forward to tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/OJ85D8FTyQ — NASA X (@NASAXrocks) February 8, 2017 Stay tuned for more about ATD-1 as the test flights continue. And stay tuned for the sequel as well: NASA researchers already have started putting ATD-2 through its paces in a 360-degree airport simulator at Ames Research Center. For more about the ATD-1 flights, check out the report on Boeing Field’s Centerline blog and NASA’s media advisory.   Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments Share  120 Tweet Share  17 Reddit Email Previous StoryMicrosoft, AT&T join in $25M funding round for SnapRoute, networking startup founded by Apple engineers Next StoryTech Moves: Apple poaches Amazon Fire exec; Tune promotes Koch to CTO; Nohla names CEO; etc. Filed Under: Science  Tagged With: Aeronautics • Aviation • NASA GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories NASA gets first official X-plane in a decade: Electric craft named X-57 Maxwell Faster, quieter, greener: Will NASA’s campaign for X-planes pick up speed? Watch NASA test-crash this Cessna live right now Boom moves ahead on supersonic plane project, with help from Virgin Galactic Previous StoryMicrosoft, AT&T join in $25M funding round for SnapRoute, networking startup founded by Apple engineers Next StoryTech Moves: Apple poaches Amazon Fire exec; Tune promotes Koch to CTO; Nohla names CEO; etc. Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Take 70% off hundreds of career-boosting online learning courses GeekWire Deals: Access thousands of high-quality icons, fonts, templates and more for a fraction of the cost Most Popular on GeekWire Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Technical Program Manager – Data ServicesWhitepages Security Software EngineerOfferUp Software Engineer, Test AutomationM87 × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Saturday 11 February 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » OVER 10,000 SCHEDULED FLIGHTS Etihad flies 18.5m passengers in 2016 ABU DHABI, 2 days ago Etihad Airways, the national carrier of the UAE, carried 18.5 million guests in 2016, up 6 per cent on figures reported in 2015. The year 2016 proved to be another year of sustained growth for the carrier, helped by new aircraft, additional frequencies and the introduction of further world-class products, the airline said. The airline was also part of the evolution of Etihad Aviation Group, a wider aviation and tourism business which now also includes Etihad Airways Engineering; Airline Equity Partners; Etihad Airport Services and Hala Group. The formation of Etihad Aviation Group was announced in May 2016.     During the year, Etihad Airways operated more than 109,000 scheduled passenger and cargo flights spanning around 446 million kilometres and 112 destinations. Capacity, measured in available seat kilometres (ASK), grew by 9 per cent and passenger traffic, measured by revenue passenger kilometres (RPK), rose by 8 per cent. The average load factor held steady at 79 per cent.   Etihad Airways’ fleet of 119 aircraft is one of the youngest and most environmentally-friendly in the industry, with an average age of six years. During the year, the airline took delivery of 10 aircraft: three Airbus A380s, five Boeing 787s and two Boeing 777-200 cargo freighters. An additional 12 aircraft are set for delivery in 2017, including nine Boeing 787s, two Airbus A380s and one A330-200 freighter. Etihad holds the strongest credit rating in the aviation industry (A by Fitch), demonstrating the strength of its successful business model which is widely acknowledged by the international financial community. James Hogan, president and chief executive pfficer of Etihad Aviation Group (EAG), said: “2016 saw sustained growth in a very tough business environment. This is where Etihad Airways’ superior products and services show their true value and where the strength of the Etiahd Aviation Group (EAG) business model comes into effect through its diversity of businesses, cost effective synergies and global spread of risk. Most importantly, in 2016 we were able to introduce our new Group structure, which positions this business for long-term growth and development.”   Etihad Airways launched Venice in Italy, Rabat in Morocco and Sabiha Gokcen in Turkey as new destinations in 2016. The much-admired Airbus A380 began serving Mumbai and Melbourne, and the Boeing 787 Dreamliner was deployed on new routes, including Perth, Shanghai, Johannesburg and Dusseldorf.  The airline added a fifth daily flight on the Doha route, an extra daily flight to Cairo and Kozhikode, and increased frequencies to Dammam, Manila and Tehran.   Etihad Airways carried more than 76 per cent of the total passengers who travelled to and from Abu Dhabi International Airport in 2016. With the addition of the airline’s equity partners that operate flights into the UAE capital, the combined total rises to 86 per cent of passenger traffic at the airport.   The airline’s codeshare and equity partnerships delivered 5.5 million passengers onto Etihad Airways’ flights, an increase of nine per cent over the five million passengers in 2015. The airline launched new codeshare agreements with Avianca Colombia, Avianca Brasil, Kulula, Precision Air and Montenegro Airlines. Etihad Airways’ existing codeshares with airberlin, Alitalia, Brussels Airlines, Flynas, Jet Airways, Malaysia Airlines, Hong Kong Airlines, and Virgin Australia were significantly expanded. Etihad Airways also launched new interline agreements with Lufthansa, Pegasus, Malindo and LATAM. As a result, the airline now offers a combined passenger and cargo network of nearly 600 destinations through its 188 interline and 53 codeshare partnerships. Etihad Airways’ equity partner network, including airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia and Etihad Regional, represents the seventh largest global grouping of airlines. In 2016, the combined fleet of 705 aircraft carried 126.6 million guests.   In November, Etihad Airways Engineering dealt with a record breaking week of heavy maintenance at its state-of-the-art facility in Abu Dhabi. Aircraft from six of the seven partner airlines were worked on by the company’s 3,000-strong team.   During 2016, Etihad Cargo carried 592,700 tonnes, which was flat year-on-year. Etihad Cargo expanded its freighter services to several new markets, including Columbus Rickenbacker, Ohio in the US; East Midlands and London Stansted in the UK; Copenhagen; Brussels; Addis Ababa and Casablanca in Africa; Colombo; Muscat; and Zhengzhou in China. This brings the number of freighter-only destinations to 15.   Strong growth was achieved within the group’s loyalty businesses with over three million new members joining the Etihad Guest, MilleMiglia (Alitalia), topbonus (airberlin) and JetPrivilege programmes, which now provide benefits to nearly 20 million members. The Etihad Aviation Group workforce, as of 31 December, stood at 26,635 employees, representing 150 nationalities. The airline continued to prioritise its Emiratisation programme, and in November, celebrated the graduation of 310 future leaders from the Future Leaders Programmes, a strong indication of the company’s commitment to investing in its people.   There are currently more than 3,000 Emirati employees – 52 per cent of whom are women, including engineers and pilots.   Hogan added: “2017 will be another challenging year. We will continue to expand prudently and efficiently, reflecting the nature of the economic environment. We remain optimistic and have every belief that our robust business model will succeed and, most importantly, stand the test of time.”   2016 was a year of impressive accolades for Etihad Airways - the pinnacle being the Skytrax Certified 5-Star Airline Rating - the most sought after quality status in the airline industry. Etihad was also named the ‘World’s Leading Airline’ at the World Travel Awards for the eighth consecutive year and collected the coveted Crystal Cabin Award for the Boeing 787 First Class cabin design. During the year, Etihad Guest marked its 10th anniversary and reached 4.7 million members. - TradeArabia News Service Tags: Etihad | Flights | Airways | Passenger | numbers | 2016 | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories BTEA chief executive opens Bahrain Family Expo Etihad backs the fashion community with new rewards programme Bahraini travellers exempted from Belarus visa requirements Jazeera Airways posts $172m revenue for 2016 Boeing wins $13.8bn Singapore Airlines order for 39 jets Enjoy an adrenaline-fueled weekend at St. Regis Abu Dhabi Nine Mövenpick properties ranked among world's top hotels Bahrain set for Food and Travel Awards Emirates Dubai Jazz Fest to showcase top talents Air Arabia reports net profit of $138m for 2016 Swissport Oman, flydubai sign ground handling services contract Gulf Air signs technology agreement with Sabre Careem 'Ride Now' available in Abu Dhabi again Boeing launches parts exchange programme Etihad, Boeing sign deal for key operations solution Oman Air honours partners at gala ceremony New GM for The Ritz-Carlton, Bahrain Experiential tourism to power UAE travel, hotel receipts Saudi Arabia's top hotel chefs set for new culinary competition GTA hosts Middle East Roadshow 2017 Oman Air signs MoU with Taiseer Al Raha Beach Hotel rolls out new weekend staycation package Shop Bahrain's 'Festival City' sees record visitor footfall Qatar Duty Free debuts new L'oreal Luxe Pavillion Minor Hotels welcomes new VP development for EMEA Tourico Holidays joins Hotelbeds Group City Centre Bahrain hosts the Ninja Turtles BIC joins Shop Bahrain as events partner Qatar Airways launches world's longest commercial flight Global hotel industry CEOs to headline major hospitality conference Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 11 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Disney tightens Euro Disney grip in deal with Saudi's Alwaleed Riyadh Governor approves two airport locations Qatar to float tenders for aquatic farming projects Saudi sovereign fund says it's not considering stake in Six Flags Sales tax hike on steel will cripple Jordan's housing sector Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project One Palm: Search on for buyer of Dubai’s costliest penthouse Qatar ministry says all transport projects on schedule Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project Qatar awards 90% of FIFA World Cup projects DNO to revive two wells in Oman's Block 8 offshore UAE offers solutions to combat climate change Iran to have $50 bln oil revenues next year: Min IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Thomson Reuters acquires Clarient and Avox Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1 billion senior Sukuk Takaful Emarat net profit increases 47% in 2016 Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Kuwait's Agility files $380 mln telecoms arbitration case vs Iraq Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 Hundreds of thousands in Iran chant 'Death to America': TV Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemeni port, civilians at risk Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Assad rejects safe zones in Syria - Yahoo News interview U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Jordan starts work on major solar power project Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Support growing for amending Libya government leadership: UN Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Trump weighs revised travel ban In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban Emirates says flight delayed after Delta refuse spare part Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Trump tax talk lifts Wall Street to record high Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Dollar at 1-1/2-week high vs. yen on Trump tax vow Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Gold steadies as dollar, U.S. Treasury yields pare gains Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Oil prices stable on strong Chinese imports Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Trump weighs revised travel ban Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Trump weighs revised travel ban Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Saying no to counterfeits is social responsibility: Official Bahrain reveals details of fugitive capture East Lebanon residents demand amnesty Egypt shuts torture victims treatment centre -lawyer Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Jordan's agriculture sector leaders decry new worker permit fees Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Saudi considers shortening trucker visa Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Kuwaitis must exceed expats: MP Abu Dhabi residents warned not to dry laundry in public New Labor Law clause irks Saudis Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Viral infections on the rise in UAE UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Genetic study may make quinoa the grain of the future Dietary protein may help muscle health New resolution issued on private schools in Dubai Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka brand A.R. Rahman in concert in UAE UAE: 50 women to start 120km walk in the desert 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Emirates has diverted 60 flights over medical emergencies Lighting rod, not crane crashed on hotel tower in Dubai U.S., Japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Michael Jackson's mom bullied and afraid of nephew George Clooney and wife Amal expecting twins -Matt Damon Cricket-Kohli double ton leads India's Hyderabad run feast Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role Tenth Red Bull Air Race to be hosted by Abu Dhabi Pakistan Super League stars gear up for action Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article aviation U.S.'s Boeing aviation launches new nacelle and flight-control surface exchange program 08 February, 2017 08 February 2017 Seattle – Boeing [NYSE: BA] announced today the launch of a new Nacelle and Flight-Control Surface Exchange Program. It provides airlines an integrated and economical solution, while building on Boeing’s successful history of exchange programs. Under the program, customers can exchange nacelle and flight-control surface parts that need repair or overhaul from a certified pool that Boeing maintains throughout its global network. This eliminates the need for customers to contract, schedule, manage and own or lease these parts. “Our customers have asked for more flexibility and we’ve heard them,” said Lynne Hopper, vice president of Parts Solutions. “This offering is one more example of how Boeing creates high-quality, flexible solutions that make life more convenient for our customers, allowing them to mix and match procurement approaches ranging from ownership to pooling to leasing to exchanging.” Parts distributed through the program represent all Boeing models and are updated to the latest configurations, incorporating all applicable service bulletins and airworthiness directives. Advertisement Another benefit of an exchange is that customers only need to take an airplane out of service once, reducing maintenance needs. When a similar part is leased, the plane must be taken out of service for both removal and installation. Boeing is a leader in providing 24/7 support and service to the global aviation industry. Boeing’s parts portfolio is the most complete in the industry, with total stock of over 400,000 part numbers and over 10,000 parts shipped daily. In addition to its parts business, Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of services, including retrofits and modifications, subscription-based maintenance programs, engineering support, crew training, route planning, digital crew scheduling, advanced data analytics and software to enhance airlines and leasing company operations. For more information on Boeing’s commercial aviation services, visit: http://www.boeing.com/commercial/services/ -Ends- Contacts: For more information, contact: Dana Salloum  Middle East Communications, Boeing International Mobile: +971 5 0228 9791 Dana.I.Salloum@boeing.com Katie Zemtseff Boeing Commercial Airplanes Communications +1 206-390-7589 Katherine.a.zemtseff@boeing.com © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: gcc united states Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Four Seasons Hotel Bahrain Bay welcomes new general manager Richard Raab 08 Feb 2017 Jim McIlvenny named as new U.S.'s Dow India, Middle East, Africa and Turkey President 07 Feb 2017 Islamic Development Bank appoints Dr. Abdulhakim Elwaer as group spokesperson 07 Feb 2017 Bahrain's Avaya appoints Faten Halabi to drive sales growth for Bahrain, Iraq, Kuwait and Pakistan 06 Feb 2017 Franklin Templeton appoints Sandeep Singh as Senior Director & Regional Head, Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa 06 Feb 2017 Gulf's TKD Lingerie welcomes new communications director 06 Feb 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 363 29 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs. Post to Facebook Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kKYFiV {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs Today in the Sky Bart Jansen , USA TODAY Published 7:39 p.m. ET Feb. 7, 2017 | Updated 12:59 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 468 Shares The tail of an Emirates airline plane can be seen to the left of two aircraft of Qatar Airways.  (Photo: Kamran Jebreili, AP) WASHINGTON – In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs. The question previewed a meeting Trump scheduled Thursday with Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian and United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz. Those legacy carriers and American Airlines have asked the administration to block additional flights from state-owned Emirates, Etihad and Qatar airlines because they received an alleged $50 billion in subsidies during the last decade, which the carriers deny. The question also touched on Norwegian Air International, which won Transportation Department approval in December to serve the U.S. Airline unions have urged Trump to overturn the approval by arguing Norwegian is skirting labor laws with headquarters in Ireland, which the airline denies. QATAR AIRWAYS: This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, said Trump wants to talk with the Big 3 airline executives about economic growth and job creation. Spicer noted that Norwegian has hired American-based crews and is buying Boeing planes that provide “a huge economic interest” for the country. “I don't want to get ahead of the president on that, but just to be clear, we are talking about U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who is building those planes,” Spicer said. “That’s a very big difference.” Anders Lindstrom, a Norwegian spokesman, said the airline flies an all-Boeing fleet of 120 aircraft and has ordered another 120. The airline will take delivery of nine 787 Dreamliners, six 737 MAX and 17 737-800 aircraft this year, he said. “No other foreign airline invests more in the American economy or creates more American jobs than Norwegian,” Lindstrom said. “We currently have 500 U.S. based cabin crew and is the only foreign airline to be recruiting American pilots, all of which are hired under local laws and regulations with competitive packages.” USA TODAY Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air USA TODAY Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights The AFL-CIO, the Air Line Pilots Association, the Allied Pilots Association, the Association of Flight Attendants—CWA and the Transportation Trades Department have sued the government to overturn the Norwegian decision. Pilots have said they hope to work with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao to overturn her predecessor's approval. In terms of the Middle East airlines, the Obama administration conducted informal talks with the governments of United Arab Emirates and Qatar. But the previous administration didn’t reopen the so-called Open Skies agreements that provide unhindered flights between the countries. "Obviously the president's going to want to talk about economic growth and job creation, how he's enacting orders to make sure the country's safe," Spicer said. U.S. executives hope for a better reception from the Trump administration. “The subsidies allow the Gulf carriers to operate without concern for turning a profit, unlike U.S. airlines, and therefore focus entirely on stripping market share and driving out competition,” Bastian, Munoz and American CEO Doug Parker wrote Feb. 1 to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. “In fact, for every long-haul route lost or foregone as a result of subsidized Gulf carrier competition, more than 1,500 American jobs are lost.” Parker won't be able to attend the meeting because of his airline's longstanding leadership conference in Dallas, according to spokesman Matt Miller. "Doug shares President Trump’s commitment to modernizing our nation’s infrastructure and looks forward to working with his administration to ensure all Americans have access to safe and efficient air travel," Miller said. USA TODAY Qatar Air reveals Boeing jetliner deal worth up to $18.6 billion Gulf carriers also buy a few planes. Qatar Airways, for example, announced an $18.6-billion Boeing order in October. The airline already has a combined total of more than 60 777 and 787 "Dreamliners" in its fleet. Elsewhere in the Gulf region, Emirates is the world's largest operator of Boeing's 777 wide-body, with more than 135 already in its fleet and another two dozen on order. Those orders are worth billions of dollars to Boeing. Fast-growing Etihad also has bought Boeing products, with nearly three-dozen Boeing wide-body jets currently in its fleet and future orders that could swell that number to more than 100. Some U.S. carriers opposed the Big 3 effort, including JetBlue and Hawaiian, which offer connections to the Middle East carriers, and FedEx and Atlas Air, which fly freight to the region. Vice President Mike Pence is meeting Wednesday with FedEx CEO Fred Smith. Those airlines have grouped together to help form a coalition called U.S. Airlines for Open Skies, which is opposed to the push being made by the U.S. Big 3. "The demands of the legacy carriers would reduce competition, undermine Open Skies, and harm the American economy,"  group spokesman Andrea McCarthy said in statement to Today in the Sky. "Rather than caving to these demands, we should support Open Skies agreements, which benefit American workers, the American military, made-in-America exports, and American travelers." Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kKYFiV Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares The American pizza capital you've never heard of 54k Shares Don't miss these destination dumplings 271 Shares This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world 3.9k Shares Snowed in at Snowbird? Time to play indoors 297 Shares
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Yadkin Financial Corporation (YDKN) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Downgraded by HSBC Holdings plc RBC Capital Markets Reiterates “$20.00” Price Target for Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. (ESPR) Macy’s Inc (M) Earns Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Craig Hallum Analysts Give Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) a $9.00 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Lowers Gibraltar Industries, Inc. (ROCK) to Hold Nokia Corporation (NOK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Gap Inc (GPS) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.02 Per Share Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Stake Boosted by Rock Springs Capital Management LP Rock Springs Capital Management LP Acquires 9,000 Shares of Advanced Accelerator Applications S.A. (AAAP) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Price Target Raised to $154.00 Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Markel Corporation (MKL) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Maintains Position in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) Krasney Financial LLC Sells 823 Shares of NewMarket Corporation (NEU) Unum Group (UNM) Shares Sold by Krasney Financial LLC Krasney Financial LLC Lowers Position in Whirlpool Corporation (WHR) Convergys Corporation (CVG) Shares Sold by Krasney Financial LLC Aetna Inc. (AET) is Rock Springs Capital Management LP’s 2nd Largest Position TESARO Inc (TSRO) Shares Bought by Rock Springs Capital Management LP Scopia Capital Management LP Takes Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Scopia Capital Management LP bought a new position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 304,927 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $40,171,000. Boeing Company (The) comprises 0.7% of Scopia Capital Management LP’s portfolio, making the stock its 24th largest position. Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the last quarter. TLP Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter valued at approximately $126,000. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 11.1% in the second quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC now owns 1,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Reilly Financial Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 22.9% in the third quarter. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC now owns 1,034 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 193 shares during the last quarter. 74.70% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 1.54% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $166.50. The stock had a trading volume of 4,243,239 shares. Boeing Company has a 52 week low of $102.10 and a 52 week high of $170.00. The company’s 50-day moving average is $159.76 and its 200 day moving average is $143.38. The firm has a market cap of $102.76 billion, a PE ratio of 21.88 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The company earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.25 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.60 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Boeing Company will post $9.28 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be paid a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.41%. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 56.99%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Scopia Capital Management LP Takes Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/scopia-capital-management-lp-takes-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several equities research analysts have commented on BA shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Royal Bank Of Canada started coverage on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. They set an “underperform” rating and a $136.00 target price on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. RBC Capital Markets reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a $136.00 price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Argus boosted their price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.63. In related news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total value of $15,745,607.28. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $15,692,889.44. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total value of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 104,747 shares of company stock valued at $17,147,342 over the last ninety days. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous SEI Investments Company (SEIC) Major Shareholder Sells $2,448,500.00 in Stock Next » Lazard Asset Management LLC Decreases Stake in Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation (SWHC) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up - Irish Sun Issue 042/15 Irish Sun        http://www.irishsun.com   Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up Irish Sun Friday 10th February, 2017 • NAI is to set up a direct route between U.S. and Cork this year • Move comes after Trump administration granted the permission to NAI to do so • More cities from U.S. and Ireland to soon be added to the route map CORK, Ireland - After U.S. President Donald Trump’s confirmation on having no objection to plans by a budget airline to enter the transatlantic market, Ireland is all set for a tourism boost.  Sean Spicer, White House Press Secretary, confirmed the nod by the country’s new administration on Norwegian Air International’s (NAI) plans to set up new U.S.-Irish routes. NAI plans to have direct services from Cork and Shannon to Boston and New York. Other routes may soon be added to the list, officials said. The airline has hailed the statement coming from Trump’s office as “a correct understanding” of the benefits that the Irish-U.S. service is to offer. The first direct route from U.S. to Cork is to be launched by the NAI this summer. Commenting on the plan, Spicer said, “From what I understand, we are talking about a deal where 50 percent of the crew and pilots are based in the United States. They fly Boeing aircraft. It is a major economic interest in the United States in the agreement right now.” NAI official Stuart Buss has welcomed the statement which has finally ended all speculation over how the new U.S. administration would respond to the plan. He said, “We’re pleased with the U.S. Press Secretary’s correct understanding of Norwegian and Norwegian Air International. No other foreign airline invests more in the American economy or creates more American jobs than Norwegian.” “We currently have 500 U.S. based cabin crew and are the only foreign airline to be recruiting American pilots, all of which are hired under local laws and regulations with competitive packages.” “We also operate an all-Boeing fleet of more than 120 Boeing aircraft, with another 120 on order generating further economic benefits and jobs in the U.S.” “Norwegian is doing exactly what the U.S. administration wants - we are creating hundreds of American jobs in the air and on the ground, he said.” Only last December, the U.S. had ended a year-long stand-off with Ireland and the EU when it granted an operating license for NAI to commence its transatlantic services. This, however, is all set to ignite a price war on transatlantic services. Meanwhile, fares for the new route will shortly be made public.  After this route, NAI plans to launch a service from Cork to New York in 2018. Cork Airport managing director, Niall MacCarthy, has praised this decision and called it “a great win for Open Skies.” Housing Minister Simon Coveney has also described the decision as “a landmark development” for Cork. Now, with a surge in tourism expected between Ireland and U.S., Norwegian may also slash its average return fares on transatlantic services. Taoiseach Enda Kenny has said that the entry of Norwegian to the transatlantic market holds immense potential. He stated, “The opportunity for Norwegian to fly from Ireland to the States will have the capacity to do for long haul what Ryanair did for (European) short haul with enormous opportunities for both sides.” Cork’s Sen Jerry Buttimer said, “Cork has been working for 25 years to get a transatlantic service and it is critical that Norwegian is allowed to deliver it.” Previously, U.S. trade unions had strongly opposed the entry of Norwegian to the transatlantic market as they believed that it would undermine the existing U.S. crew and ground handler contracts. Share this article: Back to Irish Sun Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Story Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to expand in the country, professional services firm Accenture has announced that it will be creating 300 tech and design jobs. The additional jobs, that would be created at the company’s new incubation hub, would take the company’s total workforce in the country to over 2,200.  The company made the announcement at the official opening at ‘The Dock' - the company’s multi-disciplinary research and incubation hub. The Taoiseach, Enda Kenny, along with Accenture Chairman & CEO Pierre Nanterme opened the incubation hub that would house the new recruits in artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, the Internet of Things (IOT). It would also house industries including financial services, retail, consumer goods, life sciences and utilities. Commenting on the launch, Taoiseach Kenny said, “Accenture continues to make significant investments in Ireland, and we are delighted the company has made the country its centre of innovation, which further cements Ireland’s position globally as a technology hub. Accenture is a committed, long-term resident of these shores and we look forward to continued partnership as the company further enhances its presence in Ireland.”  With the new additions, the company aims at expanding its offerings in the technology and design areas for Dubliners.  Pierre Nanterme, Accenture’s chairman and CEO, “Our talented professionals across Ireland are imagining the future every day to solve some of the biggest challenges facing businesses, governments and consumers. We are proud to build on our long history in Ireland with today’s official opening of The Dock and investment in new jobs to drive innovation that helps our clients meet the demands of a rapidly evolving digital world.” Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation Mary Mitchell O’Connor said, “Accenture’s decision to expand its innovation capability in Ireland represents a major win for the country, providing high-value employment and opportunities for people to work on exciting projects. We have earned a great reputation for technology innovation in recent years, and The Dock will enhance our country’s credentials even further. I wish the company and employees the very best in the future.”  The Dock, which is reportedly supported by the Department of Jobs, Enterprise & Innovation through IDA Ireland is located in Dublin’s Silicon Docks.  According to reports, The Dock is one of the world’s most connected and intelligent buildings, using sensors to learn from occupant behavior, react to user feedback and allow the building to continually evolve. Martin Shanahan, Chief Executive of the IDA, said, “The Dock showcases Accenture’s depth of technology expertise in Ireland. The company’s continued investment in innovation and in its team of talented professionals greatly enhances Ireland’s position as a compelling location for global professional service firms. IDA continues to target additional investment in this key sector.” Find Irish Sun on Facebook Latest Irish Sun news Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to expand in the country, professional services firm Accenture ... Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to fast-track disputes on privacy, bullying and defamation - ... Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened DUBLIN, Ireland - The scope of inquiry in the smear campaign against Garda whistleblower may ... KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland DUBLIN, Ireland - After making the decision to remain in Ireland, KBC Bank is now ... New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up CORK, Ireland - After U.S. President Donald Trump’s confirmation on having no objection to plans ... Ireland to make late call on stomach-bug victim Rory Best Italy star Parisse calls for a Six Nations miracle in Rome Irelands Best a doubt for Six Nations clash with Italy Additional Irish Sun news Sponsored by oilprice.com Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Ireland News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up More Ireland News Breaking International News Report: Mexico border wall would cost $21.6 billion Three-judge panel refuses to reinstate president's travel order China to seek fingerprints of travelers soon Travelers from certain countries may be forced to give out social media passwords Gaza Health Ministry claims Israeli air strike killed two Palestinians More Breaking International News Breaking Business News Mexico’s peso strengthened by 0.6 percent against the U.S. dollar Trump discusses interest in privatizing air traffic control Current generation of men earn lesser than the previous generation Germany’s trade surplus in 2016 hits record high, exports reach 1.2 trillion euros Anthem’s bid for Cigna blocked by judge as anti-competitive More Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Radja Nainggolan expresses hatred of Juve ahead of Crotone match Fabio Capello - I rejected chance to coach PSG in 2013 Stampede before football match in Angola leaves 17 dead James Sands impresses New York City FC boss against Emelec Claudio Ranieri calls on Riyad Mahrez Jamie Vardy to start firing again More Europe Sports News Dublin News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up More Dublin News Economics News Report: Mexico border wall would cost $21.6 billion Germany’s trade surplus in 2016 hits record high, exports reach 1.2 trillion euros Believe it or not Fruits vegetables tackle depression in 2 weeks Kenyas Criminalizing of Suicide Makes Things Worse for Mentally Ill Critics Say Youths in Nigeria trained in renewable energy technologies and green entrepreneurship More Economics News Belfast News Cash Me Ousside girls father speaks out Man regrets stag do stunt after getting eyelids tattooed Woman told mothers not allowed to enter beauty pageant Sturgeon apologies after MSPs IRA freedom fighters remark Derry man jailed for animal cruelty after dragging puppy like a dead weight along the ground More Belfast News Breaking Internet News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Trump lashes out at retail giant Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka’s line from its on-sale brands list Govt mocks Malemas ball squeeze then apologises Prosecution Service unveils national campaign against child labor More Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Code Koalas gets state boost for 88-job KC expansion plan Soz telcos youre low priority post-Brexit says leaked gov doc Talking to Tintris Alexa speechbot might not actually be all that crazy More Web Site Development News Subscribe to our Newsletter Get the latest Irish Sun headlines delivered to your inbox. *We hate spam as much as you. Privacy Utilities News Four killed 100 injured in earthquake in southern Philippines Siemens wins order worth Rs. 101 crore from Delhi Transco Ltd. Youths in Nigeria trained in renewable energy technologies and green entrepreneurship TN Governor clarifies he didnt send any report to Home Ministry International Year of Pulses closes with call to build upon strong momentum More Utilities News Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Contact About Irish Sun News Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Archived Stories © 2000 - 2017 Irish Sun - Midwest Radio Network Pty Ltd. - (LU) A division of Big News Network. All rights reserved
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Boeing Needs to Sell More Jetliners, CEO Says ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Boeing Needs to Sell More Jetliners, CEO Says By Alwyn Scott Published February 09, 2017 Transportation Reuters Facebook Twitter Comments Print Boeing Co must sell more 777 and 787 jetliners to keep production plans on track, despite a $13.8 billion order for both planes that landed on Thursday, its chief executive said. Continue Reading Below Slow 777 sales are one of the top risks facing Boeing in the next few years, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on Thursday at a conference in New York hosted by Cowen and Co. Boeing also must sell more 787s so it can proceed with plans to lift output to 14 planes a month from 12 in the next few years, he said, adding that there is no scenario in which Boeing envisions cutting production of the 787 to less than 12 a month. Earlier Thursday, Boeing won a provisional order for 20 777-9 and 19 787-10 wide-body planes from Singapore Airlines Ltd , worth $13.8 billion at list prices, beating rival Airbus. While that order is a boost for the 787 assembly line, it does not help with slow sales of the 777, since the order is for the newer 777X model. Boeing recently cut current 777 production about 16 percent to seven a month. It plans another 29 percent cut by mid-year. But Boeing still needs to sell more 777s to fill production slots as it switches to the 777X over the next few years. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT "When I take a look at risk areas, filling out the 777 bridge is the area that we're focused on," Muilenburg said, referring to the production spanning the two models. "We still have work to do." Boeing shares were up 0.5 percent at $164.65 in afternoon trading. What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,316.10 8.23 (0.36%) Dow 30 20,269.37 96.97 (0.48%) Nasdaq 5,734.13 18.95 (0.33%) Boeing's $14 billion Singapore Air order does not fill 777, 787 gap: CEO By Alwyn Scott ReutersFebruary 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Dennis Muilenburg, CEO of The Boeing Company, speaks to members of the press at Trump Tower in New York City, U.S. January 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie KeithMore By Alwyn Scott NEW YORK (Reuters) - Boeing Co <BA.N> must sell more 777 and 787 jetliners to keep production plans on track, despite a $13.8 billion order that landed earlier on Thursday, its chief executive said. The order from high-profile customer Singapore Airlines <SIAL.SI> is a strong endorsement of both planes, and could lift sales in a sluggish market if other carriers follow Singapore Air's lead, analysts said. But the win over rival Airbus <AIR.PA> did not lessen two big risks Boeing faces, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on Thursday at a conference in New York hosted by Cowen and Co. Sales of Boeing's highly profitable 777s have slowed so much that Boeing is cutting production 40 percent this year to cope as it begins switching to the successor 777X model that Singapore Airlines ordered. "When I take a look at risk areas, filling out the 777 bridge is the area that we're focused on," Muilenburg said, referring to the production spanning the two models. Boeing also must sell more 787s so it can proceed with plans to lift output to 14 planes a month from 12 in the next few years, Muilenburg said. That increase has looked iffy and some investors have worried Boeing would abandon it. Muilenburg said Boeing still plans to lift 787 output and currently does not envision a scenario that would require cutting 787 output below 12 a month. Boeing shares were up 0.4 percent at $164.42 in afternoon trading. The Singapore Airlines order is a boost for the 787 assembly line, but it does not help with slow 777 sales, since the order is for the newer 777X model. Muilenburg said the airplane market is still "very healthy" with passenger traffic growing 5 percent to 6 percent a year, well ahead of GDP rates. But airlines have deferred delivery of about 2 percent of Boeing's backlog, double the figure Muilenburg cited in July, though well below historical averages. Boeing has already cut 777 output to 7 planes a month from 8.3, and will trim it to 5 a month in August. Deliveries - which generate the bulk of airline payments - will actually fall to about 3.5 a month as Boeing builds 777X test planes in the next few years, he said. Even with those reductions, Boeing has to sell a few more 777s to fill out production this year and has 10 percent of production unsold in 2018 and 2019. Those figures include the planned sale of 80 planes to Iran, including 15 Boeing 777s, Muilenburg said. Muilenburg voiced confidence that the Iran sale would go through despite the potential political and bureaucratic hurdles. "These are airplanes that support American manufacturing jobs," he said. "The economic value to the U.S. is real." He also saw prospects for more U.S. defense sales, noting "re-emerging strength" in the defense budget. And, he said Boeing's KC-46 aerial tanker for the U.S. Air Force, which has incurred about $2.4 billion in cost overruns, is expected to begin generating positive cash flow next year. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Tom Brown and Leslie Adler) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Singapore Airlines places $14 billion wide-body Boeing order Reuters Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Europe's best low-cost airline could be an issue for the Trump administration Business Insider Boeing (BA) Wins Order for 39 Jets from Singapore Airlines Zacks Boeing wins $13.8 bln Singapore Airlines order for wide-body jets Reuters Why Customers Will Be Back For DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Americans Renouncing Citizenship at Record High Bloomberg Exclusive - Trump border 'wall' to cost $21.6 billion, take 3.5 years to build: internal report Reuters Under Armour has a Trump dilemma Yahoo Finance This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored Doll based on transgender teen to debut at New York Toy Fair Associated Press Cramer Remix: The off-the-radar defense play on fire that... CNBC Videos Shopping for the Ivanka Trump brand is a nightmare in NYC Yahoo Finance McKayla Maroney Looks Completely Unrecognizable AllRookieSponsored The CFPB has returned $12B to consumers. Republicans want to kill it Yahoo Finance Why bitcoin will surge to $25,000 Yahoo Finance Sessions calls rise in crime a ‘dangerous permanent trend,’ but FBI data shows rate consistently falling Thomas: Trump and his tools know that anything they say, however demonstratively false, will be believed by their rabid followers no matter what. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
SAT, FEB 11, 2017 | -5 °C Variably cloudy Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 4 hours ago Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Latest News SEE MORE New Zealanders refloat 100 pilot whales after 400 stranded UNALIGNED Is Trump’s refugee crackdown threat pushing asylum seekers into Canada? Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 4 hours ago Kik’s millionaire founder aims to leave his mark on the region Ted Livingston was soaking in a warm bath, thinking hard about the future —... Latest Business News SEE MORE Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx China’s harsh world of courier delivery MappedIn charts success with big U.S. deal Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 3 hours ago Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Plum leads No. 10 Washington past Arizona 91-55 McPhee leads No. 8 Stanford women past Colorado 64-51 Lakers survive late Bucks rally to win 122-114 Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 3 hours ago ARKELLS: Hamilton’s heart is always theirs It was eight years ago, almost to the day. The Arkells were at the old... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Christina Ricci recalls her naked scene in Z: The Beginning of Everything Science Fiction: Alex Good At the library Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 17 hours ago A sad day for Ontario doctors, patients: Hepburn Money and power fuel Tea Party-style takeover of doctors’ union Cartoon-Feb. 9 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week 14 hours ago Charity events put the taste in waste Putting the taste in waste: Charity events save food from certain demise Latest Stories SEE MORE Schizophrenia: What the experts say Sugary drinks pose threat to health: study Flu vaccine effectiveness called 'decent' Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 4 hours ago $250M Los Angeles mega mansion is most expensive U.S. listing LOS ANGELES — At $250 million, a new mega mansion in the exclusive Bel Air... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Qatar Airways launches new Auckland route Valentine’s wines to drink for yourself: The Wine Find With a helicopter as your ski lift, not even the sky’s the limit Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Duane Erb Construction Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Veterinary laser therapy Home News Business Fare killer Ryanair lets go of its American dream | Feb 09, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Fare killer Ryanair lets go of its American dream Boarding Bloomberg News File Photo A passenger boards a Ryanair aircraft at Dublin Airport in Dublin in November. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Justin Bachman For at least a decade, Ryanair Holdings CEO Michael O'Leary dreamed about coming to America, bringing the Irish carrier's low fares to the other side of the pond. Expand west to the largest aviation market. Price the cheapest seats at $10. Offer business class up front for those willing to pay. A leader among ultra low-cost airlines, Ryanair had global ambitions. The trans-Atlantic routes have long been the province of the largest full-service carriers, which fill their premium cabins with the rich and famous and famously rich. As one of Europe's biggest airlines, any move by Ryanair into that world could have further upended fares by adding more capacity to an already crowded field. Yet O'Leary always found a reason not to pull the trigger. "I don't believe long haul, low fares, no frills works," he said in 2008. "Because there's always going to be 10 or 15 per cent of the market in long haul who will pay whatever it costs for a business-class service." Despite periodic teases of new U.S. flights, Ryanair did not move to acquire any aircraft model beyond the Boeing 737s it flies exclusively. In 2015, Ryanair made noises again, this time causing a stir when it said board members had approved plans to move ahead with trans-Atlantic flights — a logical progression given the airline's steady growth. That led to a reversal three days later (a delay the company blamed partly on St. Patrick's Day observances) when directors quashed the notion with a terse statement: "In the light of recent press coverage, the board of Ryanair Holdings P.L.C. wishes to clarify that it has not considered or approved any trans-Atlantic project and does not intend to do so." But now it's 2017, and probably too late for different reasons. Much has changed over the Atlantic in recent years amid a sharp decline in jet fuel prices. The trans-Atlantic market now sees a surge of low-cost flying from the likes of Norwegian Air, WOW Air, WestJet Airlines and Air Canada's discount Rouge unit. Air Canada itself has bolstered international flying, too. Even JetBlue Airways is mulling whether to cross the ocean. For now, Ryanair has shelved its trans-Atlantic plans and is scouring growth opportunities closer to home. The Dublin-based carrier, which carries about 116 million passengers annually, has its sights set on 200 million by 2024 with almost 400 new Boeing aircraft on order. "As there is plenty of capacity and growth opportunities for Ryanair in Europe, we are solely focused on European growth currently," Ryanair spokesperson Robin Kiely said in an email. For years, O'Leary cited an inability to acquire a fuel-efficient aircraft for Atlantic routes. Ryanair was unlikely to get a price from manufacturers it would like, he explained in a 2014 interview with Bloomberg News, due to the market popularity of new, more fuel-efficient aircraft such as Boeing's 787. The CEO also cited the torrid growth of the three large Middle Eastern carriers, Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways. Emirates flies between the U.S. and Italy and plans to begin a new route from Athens to Newark, N.J., in March, two routes that have drawn fierce condemnation from U.S. carriers complaining the Gulf carriers are state-supported. Even setting all that aside, flights to America were still a strategic stretch for Ryanair. As with Dallas-based Southwest, Ryanair's competitive advantages stem from short flights, which allow for more daily flight segments per airplane. Crossing the Atlantic would put a significant crimp in that. "They wouldn't be able to replicate their massive short-haul cost advantage on long-haul flights," said Seth Kaplan, a managing partner at trade journal Airline Weekly. And, even with the cost benefits they enjoy over full-service carriers, low-cost airlines such as Ryanair and Spirit Airlines confront a revenue disadvantage for another reason: the longer the trip, the more that frills matter. "Some customers who are willing to put up with spartan service on two-hour flights aren't willing to put up with it on seven-hour flights," Kaplan said. Bloomberg News | Latest News Canada Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Snapshot Local Proposed route for Cambridge LRT unveiled Snapshot Local One step closer to a dream job in space Snapshot Local Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Video Re-Enactment Video ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Her arms stuck in a clothing donation bin, she hung through the cold night and died Woman who killed child and newborn when she backed into a London Costco loses appeal Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Waterloo Region death notices for Feb. 10 In Your Neighbourhood Today Regular or heavy, Becker Bros. can tow it Towing — it’s what the Becker Bros. of Kitchener are famous for. Whether you require a tow because... How do professional repair technicians protect their hands? Your hands are some of the most important tools that you have, and with Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut... How to set a formal dinner table For your reading enjoyment, revered brand Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs, Waterloo, is pleased to... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... Good RV towing packages are important for both enjoyment and safety Sauder’s Camping and Truck Accessories in St. Jacob’s, Ontario, has been providing excellent... Packing for a move requires an organized plan R & D Moving and Storage Supplies provides quality products to people in Kitchener-Waterloo who are... Changes to new mortgage financing homebuyers should know about Tracy Valko of Dominion Lending Centres in Kitchener stays on top of the latest mortgage rules,... High-performance torque converters get the most from your high-performance vehicles When you're looking for that extra edge, whether you're on the track or on the road, a... There’s nothing Becker Bros. can’t tow If it needs a tow, you need to call Becker Bros. Towing of Kitchener. No matter whether it’s a... Fascia is crucial in a well-functioning eavestroughing system Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener is the go-to expert for eavestrough system design, installation... Reliable limousine service ensures your wedding goes off without a hitch Boulevard Limousine in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, is into its third decade of offering the area a... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Napa Grille and Wine Den goes beyond your dining expectations For a fine dining experience for lunch, dinner and brunch, stop by Cambridge’s Napa Grille and Wine... WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... Pickleball: A game for great health and good times The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge offers a number of recreational activities to help you and... Rainbow Eavestroughing: Superior products, professional services Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener provides professional workmanship with superior products that... How to host a tea party Whether for Sunday, Mother’s Day or any day, Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs widely encourages tea... Specialized towing: Flatbed and tilt-and-load tow trucks Becker Bros. Towing is a family owned company that has proudly served the Kitchener community and... Snow about…PARKING There is NO OVERNIGHT PARKING on City of Kitchener streets between December 1 and March 31. Even if... The Auto Insurance Consumers’ Bill of Rights: Why it’s important to you Abstract Car Sales in Kitchener brings our attention to some important information concerning the... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 60% off Ground Turkey $29 View Deal 60% off Ground Chicken $29 View Deal 50% off Chicken Breasts $35 View Deal Globetrotters Tickets in Kitchener $49 View Deal 58% off Breaded Chicken Breasts $30 View Deal 46% off Chicken Balls $19 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Kik’s millionaire founder aims to leave his mark on the region Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx China’s harsh world of courier delivery MappedIn charts success with big U.S. deal Notley to head to Washington to talk trade PreviousNext Twitter’s Trump mania isn’t paying off $30M air cargo class action to be distributed The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Boeing's $14 billion Singapore Air order does not fill 777, 787 gap: CEO By Alwyn Scott ReutersFebruary 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Dennis Muilenburg, CEO of The Boeing Company, speaks to members of the press at Trump Tower in New York City, U.S. January 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie KeithMore By Alwyn Scott NEW YORK (Reuters) - Boeing Co <BA.N> must sell more 777 and 787 jetliners to keep production plans on track, despite a $13.8 billion order that landed earlier on Thursday, its chief executive said. The order from high-profile customer Singapore Airlines <SIAL.SI> is a strong endorsement of both planes, and could lift sales in a sluggish market if other carriers follow Singapore Air's lead, analysts said. But the win over rival Airbus <AIR.PA> did not lessen two big risks Boeing faces, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on Thursday at a conference in New York hosted by Cowen and Co. Sales of Boeing's highly profitable 777s have slowed so much that Boeing is cutting production 40 percent this year to cope as it begins switching to the successor 777X model that Singapore Airlines ordered. "When I take a look at risk areas, filling out the 777 bridge is the area that we're focused on," Muilenburg said, referring to the production spanning the two models. Boeing also must sell more 787s so it can proceed with plans to lift output to 14 planes a month from 12 in the next few years, Muilenburg said. That increase has looked iffy and some investors have worried Boeing would abandon it. Muilenburg said Boeing still plans to lift 787 output and currently does not envision a scenario that would require cutting 787 output below 12 a month. Boeing shares were up 0.4 percent at $164.42 in afternoon trading. The Singapore Airlines order is a boost for the 787 assembly line, but it does not help with slow 777 sales, since the order is for the newer 777X model. Muilenburg said the airplane market is still "very healthy" with passenger traffic growing 5 percent to 6 percent a year, well ahead of GDP rates. But airlines have deferred delivery of about 2 percent of Boeing's backlog, double the figure Muilenburg cited in July, though well below historical averages. Boeing has already cut 777 output to 7 planes a month from 8.3, and will trim it to 5 a month in August. Deliveries - which generate the bulk of airline payments - will actually fall to about 3.5 a month as Boeing builds 777X test planes in the next few years, he said. Even with those reductions, Boeing has to sell a few more 777s to fill out production this year and has 10 percent of production unsold in 2018 and 2019. Those figures include the planned sale of 80 planes to Iran, including 15 Boeing 777s, Muilenburg said. Muilenburg voiced confidence that the Iran sale would go through despite the potential political and bureaucratic hurdles. "These are airplanes that support American manufacturing jobs," he said. "The economic value to the U.S. is real." He also saw prospects for more U.S. defense sales, noting "re-emerging strength" in the defense budget. And, he said Boeing's KC-46 aerial tanker for the U.S. Air Force, which has incurred about $2.4 billion in cost overruns, is expected to begin generating positive cash flow next year. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Tom Brown and Leslie Adler) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge 7959 messages7%71%22% McKayla Maroney Looks Completely Unrecognizable AllRookieSponsored Behind the Scenes with 'Newsies' Cast Filming Show Live 1 messages ‘Cash Me Ousside’ Girl Tells Dr. Phil That She Made Him Famous 189 messages4%71%25% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1277 messages5%58%37% New Executive Order: Big Changes for Retirees MONEY MORNINGSponsored Larry Birkhead on Relationship with Anna Nicole Smith, Raising Their Daughter 1 messages Teen receives extremely blunt job rejection, fights back on Twitter 3110 messages5%73%22% Maryland Mom Pleads Guilty in Beating Death of 9-Year-Old Son For Eating Piece of Birthday Cake 2514 messages5%56%39% This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored Nordstrom Respond to President Trump's Angry Tweet 1264 messages4%70%26% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1073 messages9%23%68% Larry Birkhead on Anna Nicole Smith, Daughter Dannielynn Today: Part 1 The No. 1 Stock to Own for 2017 Banyan HillSponsored Rosamund Pike Rips Her Dress Live on The Tonight Show: ‘I Might Have Just Fallen Apart From Behind!’ 193 messages7%71%22% We're up to six Patriots players who have publicly said they won't visit the White House 7975 messages5%65%30% Sessions calls rise in crime a ‘dangerous permanent trend,’ but FBI data shows rate consistently falling Thomas: Trump and his tools know that anything they say, however demonstratively false, will be believed by their rabid followers no matter what. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing's $14 billion Singapore Air order does not fill 777, 787 gap: CEO Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Fri Feb 10, 2017 | 6:22am EST Boeing's $14 billion Singapore Air order does not fill 777, 787 gap: CEO Dennis Muilenburg, CEO of The Boeing Company, speaks to members of the press at Trump Tower in New York City, U.S. January 17, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith By Alwyn Scott | NEW YORK NEW YORK Boeing Co (BA.N) must sell more 777 and 787 jetliners to keep production plans on track, despite a $13.8 billion order that landed earlier on Thursday, its chief executive said. The order from high-profile customer Singapore Airlines (SIAL.SI) is a strong endorsement of both planes, and could lift sales in a sluggish market if other carriers follow Singapore Air's lead, analysts said. But the win over rival Airbus (AIR.PA) did not lessen two big risks Boeing faces, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on Thursday at a conference in New York hosted by Cowen and Co. Sales of Boeing's highly profitable 777s have slowed so much that Boeing is cutting production 40 percent this year to cope as it begins switching to the successor 777X model that Singapore Airlines ordered. "When I take a look at risk areas, filling out the 777 bridge is the area that we're focused on," Muilenburg said, referring to the production spanning the two models. Boeing also must sell more 787s so it can proceed with plans to lift output to 14 planes a month from 12 in the next few years, Muilenburg said. That increase has looked iffy and some investors have worried Boeing would abandon it. Muilenburg said Boeing still plans to lift 787 output and currently does not envision a scenario that would require cutting 787 output below 12 a month. Boeing shares were up 0.4 percent at $164.42 in afternoon trading. The Singapore Airlines order is a boost for the 787 assembly line, but it does not help with slow 777 sales, since the order is for the newer 777X model. Muilenburg said the airplane market is still "very healthy" with passenger traffic growing 5 percent to 6 percent a year, well ahead of GDP rates. But airlines have deferred delivery of about 2 percent of Boeing's backlog, double the figure Muilenburg cited in July, though well below historical averages. Boeing has already cut 777 output to 7 planes a month from 8.3, and will trim it to 5 a month in August. Deliveries - which generate the bulk of airline payments - will actually fall to about 3.5 a month as Boeing builds 777X test planes in the next few years, he said. Even with those reductions, Boeing has to sell a few more 777s to fill out production this year and has 10 percent of production unsold in 2018 and 2019. Those figures include the planned sale of 80 planes to Iran, including 15 Boeing 777s, Muilenburg said. Muilenburg voiced confidence that the Iran sale would go through despite the potential political and bureaucratic hurdles. "These are airplanes that support American manufacturing jobs," he said. "The economic value to the U.S. is real." He also saw prospects for more U.S. defense sales, noting "re-emerging strength" in the defense budget. And, he said Boeing's KC-46 aerial tanker for the U.S. Air Force, which has incurred about $2.4 billion in cost overruns, is expected to begin generating positive cash flow next year. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Tom Brown and Leslie Adler) Next In Aerospace & Defense China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension SEOUL China has expelled 32 South Korean Christian missionaries, a Korean government official said on Saturday, amid diplomatic tension between the two countries over the planned deployment of a U.S. missile defense system in the South. Trump changes tack, backs 'one China' policy in call with Xi BEIJING/WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump changed tack and agreed to honor the "one China" policy during a phone call with China's leader Xi Jinping, a major diplomatic boost for Beijing which brooks no criticism of its claim to self-ruled Taiwan. Lufthansa, pilots union to decide on mediator proposal on Feb. 15 FRANKFURT Lufthansa and pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit (VC) will decide next week whether to accept a deal proposed by a mediator to settle a long-running labor dispute over issues including pay. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper SIA to buy 39 Boeing planes valued at $19.5 billion A B787 plane with SIA's livery. When the new Boeing deal is inked, it will be SIA's biggest aircraft order since May 2013, when it announced a US$17 billion order for 60 aircraft.PHOTO: SINGAPORE AIRLINES PublishedFeb 10, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4sHo Copy The 20 B777-9s and 19 B787s come with an option for 12 more; delivery starts from 2020 Karamjit Kaur Aviation Correspondent karam@sph.com.sg Singapore Airlines has agreed to buy 39 Boeing aircraft in a show of confidence in a better future, even as the carrier battles current challenges. The new planes, valued at US$13.8 billion (S$19.5 billion) - based on catalogue prices - will support additional growth and fleet modernisation through the next decade, SIA said in an announcement after trading hours yesterday. The impending order for 20 B777-9s and 19 B787s comes with an option for 12 more aircraft. Delivery will start from 2020. When the actual deal is inked, it will be SIA's biggest aircraft order since May 2013, when it announced a US$17 billion order for 60 aircraft. "Today's major order for wide-body aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position," said chief executive Goh Choon Phong. Apart from investing for the future, the order demonstrates SIA's commitment to further grow the Singapore hub, as SIA will be able to offer even more travel options for customers, said Mr Goh. SIA works closely with Changi Airport Group to offer convenient flight timings and minimal waiting times, to encourage more travellers to break their flights in Singapore. Its budget arms Scoot and Tigerair also cooperate closely to provide similar options. SIA's aircraft commitment to Boeing is an important win for the American firm, which competes aggressively with its European rival Airbus for plane orders. In addition to 30 previously-ordered B787-10s, SIA has outstanding orders with Airbus for five A380-800s and 57 A350-900s. Regional arm SilkAir has outstanding orders with Boeing for 37 single-aisle B737 MAX 8s. Long-haul budget carrier Scoot has orders with Boeing for eight B787s. Tigerair, which operates short-haul budget flights, has bought 39 A320neos. SIA's announcement comes two days after it reported a 35.6 per cent drop in year-on-year profits for the three months from October to December, although operating profits increased by 1.7 per cent. StrategicAero Research chief consultant Saj Ahmad said many of the new planes will likely replace the airline's ageing A330 and A380 fleets as well of some of its early B777-30ERs. "The challenge for SIA, however, remains the same - driving up yields with fuller cabins amidst a backdrop of fare depression and possibly rising fuel bills as oil continues to spike northward," he said. A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on February 10, 2017, with the headline 'SIA to buy 39 Boeing planes valued at $19.5 billion'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  SINGAPORE AIRLINES AVIATION/AEROSPACE SECTOR More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4sHo Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017feb06_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Online Grocer Grows Personal Data Protection Along With Business braintree_a123964_2016oct10_300x200_stros.jpg Rule the Roost – Ecomm tips to keep the holiday season going st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping Need a place to showcase your products or talent? Join Live10! Win an iPhone 7 when you shop on Qoo10 with Citibank Card! BAGS with LOVE! Valentine's Day GIFT For Your Loved Ones! 4 Bottles of DYNAMO @ $29.90! Our Household Superhero! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Boeing needs to sell more 777, 787 jetliners in slack market, CEO says Reuters By Alwyn Scott 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Zenefits cuts 45 percent of staff as new CEO pushes changes How corporations are playing Trump at his own game © REUTERS/Stephanie Keith Dennis Muilenburg, CEO of The Boeing Company, speaks to members of the press at Trump Tower in New York City Boeing Co (BA.N) must sell more 777 and 787 jetliners to keep production plans on track, despite a $13.8 billion order for both planes that landed on Thursday, its chief executive said. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 166.23 +1.95 +1.19% Cowen Group Inc COWN ▼ 15.25 -0.05 -0.33% Singapore Airlines Ltd SINGY ▼ 13.99 -0.01 -0.07% Slow 777 sales are one of the top risks facing Boeing in the next few years, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on Thursday at a conference in New York hosted by Cowen and Co. Boeing also must sell more 787s so it can proceed with plans to lift output to 14 planes a month from 12 in the next few years, he said, adding that there is no scenario in which Boeing envisions cutting production of the 787 to less than 12 a month. Earlier Thursday, Boeing won a provisional order for 20 777-9 and 19 787-10 wide-body planes from Singapore Airlines Ltd (SIAL.SI), worth $13.8 billion at list prices, beating rival Airbus (AIR.PA). While that order is a boost for the 787 assembly line, it does not help with slow sales of the 777, since the order is for the newer 777X model. Boeing recently cut current 777 production about 16 percent to seven a month. It plans another 29 percent cut by mid-year. But Boeing still needs to sell more 777s to fill production slots as it switches to the 777X over the next few years. "When I take a look at risk areas, filling out the 777 bridge is the area that we're focused on," Muilenburg said, referring to the production spanning the two models. "We still have work to do." Boeing shares were up 0.5 percent at $164.65 in afternoon trading. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Tom Brown and Leslie Adler) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Reuters Missing China billionaire taken from Hong Kong hotel in wheelchair - source Reuters Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Reuters Missing China billionaire taken from Hong Kong hotel in wheelchair: source Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Politics February 9, 2017 2:01 PM In Florida, Trump overstated credit for saving $700 million on F-35s In this July 7, 2006, file photo, the Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter is shown after it was unveiled in a ceremony in Fort Worth, Texas. Matthew Otero AP President Donald Trump visited U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force base Feb. 6. Tampa Bay Times 1 of 2 i By Amy Sherman PolitiFact Florida LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story President Donald Trump told military commanders in Tampa that he will deliver new airplanes at a massive savings to taxpayers. “We're going to be loading it up with beautiful new planes and beautiful new equipment,” he said at U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Monday. “You have been lacking a little equipment. We are going to load it up. You are going to get a lot of equipment. Believe me.” Trump then gave himself credit for saving millions of tax dollars during his first two weeks in office: “But we will ensure no taxpayer dollars are wasted. I have already saved more than $700 million when I got involved in the negotiation on the F-35. You know about that.” The savings with the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter are real, but they were in the works before Trump cried foul about the price tag. A Trump spokesman did not reply for this fact-check. (The Washington Post Fact Checker previously looked at a claim that Trump took credit for cutting $600 million and gave it Four Pinocchios.) Trump’s transition tweets about the F-35 program The Defense Department is in the middle of the largest aircraft procurement ever for different versions of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter for the Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps. The F-35 is built by Lockheed Martin. Plans call for acquiring more than 2,400 aircraft over about 20 years at a cost of around $379 billion. Trump raised concerns about the F-35 program while campaigning. “I’m hearing that our existing planes are better,” he told radio show host Hugh Hewitt in October, 2015 questioning why the United States was spending “billions and billions of dollars.” He upped his criticism of the cost after he won the election. “The F-35 program and cost is out of control,” Trump tweeted Dec. 12. “Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.” Following Trump’s tweet, Lockheed Martin’s stock plummeted, and government officials defended the program. A week later, the F-35 Joint Program Office released the final price for the contract, which showed the planes for the Air Force reduced by $5.9 million each and for the Marine Corps reduced by $2.4 million each, while the Navy model saw an increase of $3.2 million per plane. Air Force Lt. Gen Chris Bogdan told reporters that he anticipated that costs would “come down in price significantly” and put the savings “somewhere on the order of 6 to 7 percent per airplane, per variant.” The Washington Post calculated total savings between $549 million and $630 million for a lot of 90 planes. During his transition into office, Trump convened top military brass, including Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson, at his estate at Mar-a-lago in Palm Beach on Dec. 21 to discuss how to bring costs down for the F-35 program. (Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg was also there. Boeing is the contractor for Air Force One, another project that Trump said was too expensive.) The next day, Trump tweeted: “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” A week before Trump’s inauguration, Hewson said her company was close to a deal to significantly lower costs after the Mar-a-lago meeting. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered a review of the F-35 program in late January. On Feb. 3, the Defense Department announced it had reached an agreement with Lockheed Martin for a $728 million reduction, leading to the “lowest priced F-35s in program history.” Lockheed Martin issued a statement praising Trump’s involvement: “President Trump’s personal involvement in the F-35 program accelerated the negotiations and sharpened our focus on driving down the price.” That, however, is not the end of the story. Costs predicted to drop for years Defense and budget experts offered a big caveat to Trump’s claim: Costs had been coming down for years. Steve Ellis, vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense, said that the cost reduction for the Air Force variant of the F-35 had been in the works since before Trump announced his candidacy in June 2015. “The savings are a little higher than was initially projected, but all President Trump did was elevate attention to the issue,” Ellis said. “He’s not responsible for the savings, they were already in the pipeline long before he came on the scene.” The cost per plane has always been a moving target, The Arizona Republic reported in 2014, and Lockheed Martin officials had said that costs had been coming down. The initial production model delivered in 2010 cost about $220 million, while the projection for 2020 ranged from $75 million to $85 million. The general manager of Lockheed's F-35 program, Lorraine Martin, said in 2015 that costs would drop further, “allowing us to provide our warfighters a fifth-generation F-35 jet at a fourth-generation price by the end of the decade.” The savings can be attributed to a normal learning curve, said Todd Harrison, a military budget expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. “As you build more copies of an item you naturally get more efficient at the work,” he said. “That is a big part of what we are seeing here, and that would have occurred regardless of who won the presidential election.” However, Harrison said that Trump can take credit for the fact that the government was able to negotiate a deal with Lockheed so quickly for the next batch of airplanes. “For the previous lot of F-35s, DOD negotiated with Lockheed for about a year and a half and never reached a deal,” he said. “DOD ultimately used a somewhat unusual method for finalizing the contract unilaterally in late 2016.” Ben Friedman, a military budget expert at the libertarian Cato Institute, said that the savings have nothing to do with Trump, since they were already in the works. “First, there are no savings yet, as they are anticipated, perhaps hopefully,” he said. “Second, it is normal for costs to fall as production goes forward and problems are solved. Third, it's not as if no one before Trump was looking to cut F-35 costs. It has been a fixation in the Pentagon for a long time.” Our ruling Trump said, “I have already saved more than $700 million when I got involved in the negotiation on the F-35.” The Department of Defense announced a $728 million reduction on Feb. 3 for the aircraft. But Trump ignores that the government and Lockheed Martin were working toward reducing the costs for years — long before Trump’s tweets in December criticizing the price tag. We rate this claim Mostly False. PolitiFact Florida The statement: “I have already saved more than $700 million when I got involved in the negotiation on the F-35.” The ruling: The Department of Defense announced a $728 million reduction on Feb. 3 for the aircraft. But Trump ignores that the government and Lockheed Martin were working toward reducing the costs for years — long before Trump’s tweets in December criticizing the price tag. We rate this claim: Mostly False. Politifact Florida is a partnership between The Tampa Bay Times and the Miami Herald to check out truth in politics. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Politics Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 5:03 Miami doctor 'removed from all clinical duties' following attack on Uber driver Pause 2:32 Melania Trump's focus as First Lady is to end cyberbullying 2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order 1:44 Trump administration putting 'Iran on notice' 1:09 Dallas to Houston in 90 minutes? Texas bullet train makes that a reality 0:54 Twitter reacts to #9thCircuit travel ban ruling 1:17 White House: Funding to sanctuary cities a 'taxpayer issue' 8:39 Boy Scouts executive: 'We have not lost our way' 2:41 Heat's Goran Dragic says there's only one other player in the league as versatile as James Johnson 2:30 Heat's James Johnson goes for season-high 26 points in win at Brooklyn Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 9 hours ago One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school 2:23 9 hours ago One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school 1:19 9 hours ago Trump says he has "very good chemistry" with Japan PM 2:13 16 hours ago Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order View more video Politics Ruling sets stage for possible extradition of ex-Colombian official facing corruption charges Jeff Atwater, Florida’s CFO, to resign for job at Florida Atlantic University Khizr Khan celebrates court ruling against Trump: ‘There will not be any ban’ South Florida ranks No. 5 in undocumented immigrant population, study finds He was shocked when stripped of his voting rights. Now he’s shocked again Editor's Choice Videos Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Politics (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the latest news on national, state and local politics. View all newsletters Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 February 2017 by Military News Surface To Air Missiles Global Market Sales, Price, Trend And Growth Forecast To 2021   View as PDF  Print View    Wiseguyreports.Com Publish New Market Research Report On-„Surface To Air Missiles Global Market Sales, Price, Trend and Growth Forecast To 2021”. Pune, India – February 9, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/941607-global-surface-to-air-missiles-sales-market-report-2017 This report studies sales (consumption) of Surface-To-Air Missiles in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe and Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Boeing BAE Systems Lockheed Martin General Dynamics General Electric Northrop Grumman Honeywell Airbus Raytheon Pratt & Whitney Rolls-Royce Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Surface-To-Air Missiles in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into High-Altitude Missile Hollow Missile Low Altitude Missile Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Surface-To-Air Missiles in each application, can be divided into Fighting Air Defense Other Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/941607-global-surface-to-air-missiles-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales Market Report 2017 1 Surface-To-Air Missiles Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Surface-To-Air Missiles 1.2 Classification of Surface-To-Air Missiles 1.2.1 High-Altitude Missile 1.2.2 Hollow Missile 1.2.3 Low Altitude Missile 1.3 Application of Surface-To-Air Missiles 1.3.1 Fighting 1.3.2 Air Defense 1.3.3 Other 1.4 Surface-To-Air Missiles Market by Regions 1.4.1 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Surface-To-Air Missiles (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 2.4 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles (Volume) by Application ……….. 9 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Manufacturers Analysis 9.1 Boeing 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Surface-To-Air Missiles Product Type, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Boeing Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 BAE Systems 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Surface-To-Air Missiles Product Type, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 BAE Systems Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Lockheed Martin 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Surface-To-Air Missiles Product Type, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Lockheed Martin Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 General Dynamics 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Surface-To-Air Missiles Product Type, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B …….Continued Any Query?, Ask Here @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/941607-global-surface-to-air-missiles-sales-market-report-2017 Contact Info: Name: Norah Trent Organization: WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India Phone: +1-646-845-9349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/surface-to-air-missiles-global-market-sales-price-trend-and-growth-forecast-to-2021/168492 For more information, please visit http://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 168492 Recent Press Releases By The Same User President Announces Special Tax Reduction Strategies For Business Owners (Thu 9th Feb 17) Auto Repair Mechanic Shop in Plano Tx Goes Mobile Friendly (Thu 9th Feb 17) When Life Gives You Lemons, Maple Holistics Releases Lemon Essential Oil (Thu 9th Feb 17) Buy Franchise Benefits Avoid Entrepreneurial Mistakes Online Report Launched (Thu 9th Feb 17) Justin Peck Featured Speaker at the City Summit & Gala Presenters Allure Dinner (Thu 9th Feb 17) Customer Of The Month Award Will Be Given By Best-Selling Play Food Set (Thu 9th Feb 17) CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, general, Markets, missile, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bigelow Tea announces a new line of wellness teas that puts the fun back in functional Next PostNext edjuster Signs Exclusive Agreement with West Bend Mutual Insurance to Provide Content Claims Services Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Beauty Pageants Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business Sector Impact More FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News » Boeing wins Singapore Airline order for wide-body planes Boeing wins Singapore Airline order for wide-body planes Reuters | Feb 9, 2017, 02.40 PM IST Boeing Co has won an order to supply wide-body planes to Singapore Airlines Ltd, a source familiar with the matter said. Boeing, Singapore Airlines and Airbus declined to comment. Earlier, Bloomberg reported that Boeing was the front-runner for a Singapore Airlines order of at least 35 wide-body aircraft. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Pre-Launching Godrej Greens Pune 2/3 BHK from 40Lacs+ Godrej Pune - New Projects Top 10 Highest Paid Playback Singers In Bollywood BollywoodUnion Help this student recover from Brain Damage! Milaap More from The Times of India NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved The Indira Gandhi the world will never know All is well between Tejashree and Shashank? From the Web More From The Times of India Bollywood Playback Singers Who Gets Paid The MostBollywood Union Pre-Launch Godrej Greens @ Undri Pune 2 BHK from 40Lac+Godrej Pune Properties Cancer has taken over my body, help me Live!Milaap Top 10 most anticipated action movies releasing in 2017CRITICSUNION Help this Arsenal fan to fight brain cancer!Milaap Buy Lava KKT iPro Online at Best Price in India Latest Technology Apps News & Reviews Syska launches Blade Bluetooth speaker at Rs 4,999 Micromax Canvas 6 Pro review: Unexpectedly impressive Oppo Gadgets, News, Reviews & Videos - Gadgets Now ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Budget Live India Budget 2017 Income Tax Slab 2017-18 Budget 2017 News Budget 2017 Highlights Most Popular Sasikala calls Panneerselvam a liar, says his interactions with Stalin destroyed meaning of Amma’s sacrifice Only Manmohan Singh knew the art of bathing with a raincoat on: PM Modi In earthquake jibe, PM Narendra Modi targets Rahul Gandhi, Congress party "Yesterday there was an earthquake. We will do whatever we can to aid those affected. But finally the earthquake did come. I was wondering why the quake came when it did. The threat was given a long time ago. There must be some reason that Mother Earth was so angry." 7 Bollywood celebrities who hail from royal families Ad: CRITICSUNION Maharashtra Seamless bags order worth Rs 421 cr from ONGC Maharashtra Seamless has bagged an order worth Rs 421 cr from ONGC. Saket Jindal, MD, Maharashtra Seamless talks to ET Now about the deal. Infosys CFO MD Ranganath may get board seat Software major Infosys is evaluating the possibility of inducing it's CFO MD Ranganath to the board, people familiar with the development told ET NOW, amid differences between the original founders of the company and the board on governance related issues. From around the Web Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Milaap She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! Milaap Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood Union Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir Desai More From The Times of India Is Virat Kohli risking his relationship with Anushka? Times of India Satnam Singh drafted in NBA, selected by Dallas Mavericks TOI Website ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' TOI Website Read MoreSingapore airlines aircraftsingapore airline airbusBoeing CoBoeing aircraftBoeing Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Polaris posts muted growth in revenues, PAT grows 77% y-o-y Oil rises after drop in US gasoline stocks, but market remains bloated Japan logs biggest current account surplus since 2007 Oil prices fall on bloated US fuel inventories, stalling China demand 1Boeing wins Singapore Airline order for wide-body planes 2Polaris posts muted growth in revenues, PAT grows 77% y-o-y 3Oil rises after drop in US gasoline stocks, but market remains bloated 4Japan logs biggest current account surplus since 2007 5Oil prices fall on bloated US fuel inventories, stalling China demand About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Live Score: India vs Bangladesh Sasikala Live: Assembly Elections 2017 Panneerselvam PM Modi Live: Panneerselvam vs Sasikala Raees Collection Kaabil Collection Uphaar Cinema Fire Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Why Space Companies Are Untouched By Trump’s Travel Ban The tech industry is stressed about losing foreign workers, but the space industry never had the choice to begin with. Because the tech sector relies so heavily on foreign talent, Silicon Valley stands to suffer from Donald Trump's executive order banning entry to the United States for nationals of seven predominantly Muslim countries. But the tech-adjacent defense and commercial spaceflight sectors have developed much differently, thanks to a regulation that all but prevents immigrants from working in those industries.   Though we often think of companies like SpaceX and Jeff Bezos's Blue Origin as "tech" companies, they operate under regulations that have been set up ostensibly to prevent foreign spies from stealing technology (like rockets) that could be used to develop weapons. The regulations are so strict that even dishwashers and line cooks in SpaceX's cafeteria and the accountants at Blue Origin must be US nationals. "If you're dealing in ITAR, the easiest path to compliance is to just hire US citizens" This complex regulatory scheme, called the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, are unpopular in the industry because it not only restricts who companies can hire but also prevents them from doing business with many foreign countries because rockets and satellites are considered "arms" under the regulations. Space companies are constantly pushing the State Department to regulate their products under the less strict Department of Commerce Export Administration Regulations. ITAR was implemented as part of a 1976 law called the Arms Export Control Act and the regulations were toughened in 1999.  It almost entirely restricts immigrants from working for US-based space and defense companies, based on the fear that immigrants could serve as spies for foreign governments wanting to learn how to create weapons. This means that the commercial space and defense contractor industries will be largely unaffected by Trump's ban, because almost everyone who works in the sector is a US citizen or green card holder. Image: SpaceX "Under the ITAR, a US Department of State Director of Defense Trade Controls export license is required prior to the release of ITAR-controlled technical data to a foreign person," Steven Brotherton, an export controls lawyer in San Francisco, told me. A "foreign person" is anyone who is not a US citizen, green card holder, or a person granted refugee status. According to immigration lawyers and people familiar with the hiring practices at several space companies in the United States, the legal hoops and bureaucracy associated with getting a waiver to ITAR employment restrictions means that essentially no immigrants work at space companies unless they are green card holders or naturalized citizens. "If you're dealing in ITAR, the easiest path to compliance is to just hire US citizens," Gregory Jaeger, a lawyer who focuses on export controls, told me. "One day I have some visitors from Japan who come over and I walk them through the office—I've just violated ITAR" That's the path most companies in the sector have taken. United Launch Alliance, a cooperative between Lockheed Martin and Boeing that makes the Atlas V rocket and regularly launches US Air Force satellites, told me that "all of our employees are US citizens or US persons." Boeing told me that it has a "very small number of employees in the US who are non-US citizens." SpaceX requires all of its employees to be ITAR compliant, and someone familiar with its workforce told me that only in extremely rare instances has it hired someone who is not a citizen or green card holder. Continuing to saddle the commercial space industry with weapons regulations has been blamed by the industry for hampering the US satellite-manufacturing business as companies in other countries have decided to work closely with European, Israeli, Chinese, or Japanese companies that don't have export restrictions. "Some of the leading satellite companies in the world are here and can't compete out on the open market because of the ITAR restrictions," Jaeger said. "And so the companies are constantly trying to move things off of the US Munitions List." Even with a dishwasher, a janitor, or a custodian at an organization like SpaceX needs to have ITAR clearance ITAR is also very easy to violate, he said. "If I am a military defense contractor, for example, imagine I've got an office where my engineers have lots of drawings and pin them to the walls," Jaeger said. "One day I have some visitors from Japan who come over and I walk them through the office—I've just violated ITAR." This restriction extends to anyone who has even a plausible possibility of coming across sensitive data, which is why most companies opt to make sure all employees are US nationals regardless of their role. "Even with a dishwasher, a janitor, or a custodian at an organization like SpaceX needs to have ITAR clearance unless they are physically blocked off from key areas of the premises where sensitive information is housed," Shirley Tang, an immigration attorney in New York, told me. "The reason they need clearance is because if they are, say, cleaning someone's desk, they could have access to a computer that might have sensitive information on the screen or they may be around when other workers are present." SpaceX, for example, has the following disclaimer in a job listing for a dishwasher: "To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State." More than 100 tech companies have joined the legal case against Trump's ban and an additional 150 biotechnology companies and venture capitalists strongly opposed the order in an open letter published in Nature Biotechnology. These companies heavily rely on the H-1B visa program, which allows companies to hire skilled talent from overseas. The Trump administration has threatened to overhaul this program, which is surely behind some of the sector's outrage. The space and defense sectors, meanwhile, have remained largely silent. Thus far, SpaceX has joined the tech companies' legal challenge, and Virgin Galactic CEO George Whitesides tweeted that "the best of America is open, courageous and compassionate. That's when we're strongest. The EO should be withdrawn." No other major space or defense company has come out against the executive order, and many of the ones I asked about it declined to comment. Many space companies and all defense companies operate in a different regulatory environment than most Silicon Valley companies. They rely on US government contracts, which means few of them are willing to openly criticize the federal government. Even though Trump's order will not affect the hiring practices of these companies, the new president's decisions will certainly impact their businesses: A $13 billion deal Boeing had lined up with Iran to sell the jets in the country is now in jeopardy thanks to new sanctions implemented by the Trump administration. I asked the following companies for comment on their ITAR hiring requirements and specifically asked them if they opposed Trump's executive order. Here are their responses: General Atomics (no response) Raytheon ("No comment") Orbital ATK (no response) Blue Origin ("Blue Origin has nothing to contribute at this time.") Northrop Grumman (no response) Boeing  ("We have a very small number of employees in the US who are non US citizens (and we have approximately 10,000 employees overseas from countries all over the world).  With regards to current immigration issues, we continue to monitor the ongoing administrative, legislative and judicial actions. We value the depth and diversity of our workforce, and where there was some minor disruption, we worked to address the needs of any impacted employees.") Aerojet Rocketdyne (no response) Vulcan Aerospace (no response) General Dynamics ("This isn't a subject we wish to comment on.") Sierra Nevada (no response) Bigelow Airspace (no response) Lockheed Martin ("We don't have any comment for you.") United Launch Alliance ("Because of the nature of our work for the U.S. Government, all of our employees are U.S. citizens/U.S. persons."). SpaceX (SpaceX did not want to specifically comment for this story but a spokesperson noted that the company is formally opposing Trump's order) Virgin Galactic ("Virgin Galactic is a US company and complies with ITAR and other regulatory requirements of the United States government. Within the limitations set by ITAR and other export controls, we aim to hire the most talented and diverse workforce possible. This includes hiring many fantastically talented naturalized citizens and permanent residents. These men and women are trusted colleagues and friends and contribute to the success of our business.")
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States How Much Does a Boeing 787-10 Cost? By Paul Ausick February 9, 2017 7:20 am EST Print Email Tweet In an announcement released early Thursday morning, Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) said that Singapore Airlines has committed to purchasing 20 777-9s and 19 787-10 Dreamliners in addition to the airline’s previous order for 30 787-10s. At list prices, the new commitment is valued at $13.8 billion. Singapore Airlines is the launch customer for the 787-10, the largest version of Boeing’s 787 family, and the 40 copies the airline has ordered have a list price value of $15 billion. First delivery of the 787-10 is scheduled for next year. At a list price of $306.1 million, the 787-10 is the most expensive in the Dreamliner family. In a two-class configuration, the plane carries 330 passengers on flights of up to 6,430 nautical miles (about 7,400 statute miles). When the new order is finalized, the company will add it to its order book. Boeing has taken 149 orders for the plane as of the end of December, not including the 19 planes in the latest order. Of 1,200 total orders for the three aircraft in the 787 family, Boeing’s backlog totaled 700. The slowdown in the market for dual-aisle jets has led to increased competition between Boeing and Airbus for that piece of the market. Low fuel prices combined with a large number of the big planes coming off leases have glutted the market for older planes that can be purchased for far less. The 20 777-9s included in Thursday’s announcement cost $400 million apiece and are the most expensive airplane on Boeing’s price list. In its order book the company does not distinguish among the three models in its new 777X family and reports a total of 306 orders, of which nearly half (150) came from a single customer, Emirates Airways. Boeing’s generated a total return of 11.3% in 2016 and has added another 5.2% in 2017 as of last night’s close. The stock closed down about 0.8% at $163.81 and is inactive so far in Thursday’s premarket session. The 52-week range is $102.10 to $170.00, and the consensus 12-month price target is $171.70. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Decade-High $100 Billion in Corporate Loans Refinanced in January as Companies Prepare for Higher Rates The Drag on Yum! Brands Earnings » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, airlines, Corporate Performance, featured, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES ANALYSIS February 11, 2017 | Last updated 6 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology2 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Airlines fighting tech glitches every day IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Airlines fighting tech glitches every day EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money4 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus GCC defence spending ‘to rise due to security situation’ Analysts expect new US administration to loosen restrictions on the export of arms Matthew Cochran, Chairman of Defence Services Marketing CouncilImage Credit: Supplied Robert S. HarwardImage Credit: Supplied‹› Published: 17:48 February 9, 2017 by Ed ClowesStaff Reporter   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE DUBAI: The Gulf will continue to be a key market for defence suppliers in 2017, according to several senior industry figures. This activity will be spurred by a “security environment that is as challenging as we have ever known,” with countries around the region facing “unprecedented challenges,” according to Robert S. Harward, Chief Executive of Lockheed Martin United Arab Emirates. With rising global tensions, international demand for defence and military products is increasing across the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries, according to a report released by Deloitte in January. As a result of this increasing insecurity, many countries have hiked their spending on next generation military equipment, with the UAE and Saudi Arabia leading the field in the GCC. “International sales currently represent roughly 30 per cent of Boeing Defence, Space & Security’s business, and we see continued opportunities for growth, particularly in the Middle East and the Asia Pacific regions,” said Scott Day, Boeing Defence, Space & Security Communications, in an email to Gulf News. According to Theodore Karasik, a senior adviser to Gulf State Analytics, a geo-strategic consultancy based in Washington, DC, current industry trends show an increase in multiple markets, including not only aerospace but also cybersecurity, communications and riot control equipment. That being said, Karasik also noted that “America’s ITAR restrictions (International Traffic in Arms Regulations) still hurt Washington’s sales in the MENA region, especially to the GCC.” It is unclear what president Donald Trump intends to do with the existing regulations governing the export of arms, although analysts expect him to loosen restrictions in favour of a home build approach. One of the key challenges facing defence suppliers in 2017 is the reduction in spending by governments in the region, hurt by low oil prices. “Our focus remains on delivering the most affordable advanced technology solutions to provide our partners with critical full spectrum capabilities to help solve some of the most difficult security challenges,” noted Harward. Karasik also cited budgetary constraints as one of the key issues in defence this year. “The MENA countries, particularly the GCC, are undergoing transformations of their economies and thus are seeking to procure the best possible deals,” Karasik said, adding that the UAE’s domestic industry has helped “offset suppliers from outside of the region.” Matthew Cochran, Chairman of Defence Services Marketing Council, agrees with this sentiment about home-grown defence suppliers. “Having more “Made in the UAE” type defence and security companies that have capabilities with export potential, like Tawazun Dynamics and NIMR, will provide for a suitable future for regional GCC allied militaries,” said Cochran. For Karasik, in 2017 the opportunities for suppliers lie in “areas of technological issues.” “While there is increasing specialisation by arms sellers, there are requirements for unmanned systems, cyber tools, and communications that continue to be in the MENA region’s highest interest,” he added. “Today, we are working together with the UAE to support everything from aerospace to outer space,” noted Harward. According to Deloitte’s report, several Middle Eastern countries spend a significant percentage of their GDP on defence costs, with Oman and Saudi Arabia being two of the top three. With $85.4 billion in military expenditure in 2015, Saudi Arabia was also the fourth largest defence spender globally. More from Analysis Qatar’s economy in for a soft landing this year 45 minutes ago The many ways to hive off a business 05:57 am Snapchat might find it’s late to the IPO party GCC defence spending ‘to rise’ in 2017 Can’t decide if too much or little is faulty Brexit seems to be about taking reckless chances Litigation needs to serve a clear purpose Trump recipe for growth makes markets dizzy tags from this storyUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNDubai follow this tag on MGNGulf Cooperation Council follow this tag on MGNDUBAI follow this tag on MGNOman follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAnalysis tagsUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGN+ MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDubai follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGulf Cooperation Council follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AnalysisAirlines fighting tech glitches every day Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01GCC defence spending ‘to rise’ in 2017 02Flydubai 2016 profits drop 68% 03Central Bank releases regulation on data privacy 04Still time for final call on oil cuts compliance 05Trump recipe for growth makes markets dizzy 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee World, UAE Markets Data OverviewGccEuropeAsiau.s. Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr As on 2017-02-09 16:20:43 Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial 2017 UAE holidays Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Newly-wed woman on bike killed in RAK Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 What excess sugar in diet does to your body UAE to adopt new entry visa system Close Recommended For You 'Relationships, not money, key to happiness'PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Vidya Balan’s ‘Begum Jaan’ to release in April PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Trump to Iran president: ‘Better be careful’PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Surface To Air Missiles Global Market Sales, Price, Trend And Growth Forecast To 2021   View as PDF  Print View    Wiseguyreports.Com Publish New Market Research Report On-"Surface To Air Missiles Global Market Sales, Price, Trend and Growth Forecast To 2021". Pune, India - February 9, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/941607-global-surface-to-air-missiles-sales-market-report-2017 This report studies sales (consumption) of Surface-To-Air Missiles in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe and Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Boeing BAE Systems Lockheed Martin General Dynamics General Electric Northrop Grumman Honeywell Airbus Raytheon Pratt & Whitney Rolls-Royce Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Surface-To-Air Missiles in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into High-Altitude Missile Hollow Missile Low Altitude Missile Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Surface-To-Air Missiles in each application, can be divided into Fighting Air Defense Other Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/941607-global-surface-to-air-missiles-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales Market Report 2017 1 Surface-To-Air Missiles Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Surface-To-Air Missiles 1.2 Classification of Surface-To-Air Missiles 1.2.1 High-Altitude Missile 1.2.2 Hollow Missile 1.2.3 Low Altitude Missile 1.3 Application of Surface-To-Air Missiles 1.3.1 Fighting 1.3.2 Air Defense 1.3.3 Other 1.4 Surface-To-Air Missiles Market by Regions 1.4.1 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Surface-To-Air Missiles (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 2.4 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles (Volume) by Application ........... 9 Global Surface-To-Air Missiles Manufacturers Analysis 9.1 Boeing 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Surface-To-Air Missiles Product Type, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Boeing Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 BAE Systems 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Surface-To-Air Missiles Product Type, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 BAE Systems Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Lockheed Martin 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Surface-To-Air Missiles Product Type, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Lockheed Martin Surface-To-Air Missiles Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 General Dynamics 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Surface-To-Air Missiles Product Type, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B .......Continued Any Query?, Ask Here @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/941607-global-surface-to-air-missiles-sales-market-report-2017 Contact Info: Name: Norah Trent Organization: WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Maharashtra, India Phone: +1-646-845-9349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/surface-to-air-missiles-global-market-sales-price-trend-and-growth-forecast-to-2021/168492 For more information, please visit http://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 168492 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Leadzio Software Has Been Launched - 5 Steps To Help Marketers Get All The Leads They Can Handle (Sat 11th Feb 17) Raj Prem - Inspired to Exhibit in Qatar, Expands His Art Works Internationally (Sat 11th Feb 17) Winter Dry Skin Revival Radiance Kit For Rejuvenating Face & Body Care Released (Sat 11th Feb 17) Tiny Frog Recognized as a Top Web Designer In U.S. (Sat 11th Feb 17) Mens Snapback Hats With Gold Plated Logo & Red Seude Underbill Announced (Sat 11th Feb 17) Universal Wealth Managers Announces New Website Launch to Simplify the Infinite Banking Concept (Sat 11th Feb 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos News NASA astronauts training in water survival at Fairchild THURSDAY, FEB. 9, 2017, 6 A.M. NASA team members Bob Behnken, Eric Boe, Doug Hurley and Sunni Williams speak to elementary school students on Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, at Hallett Elementary School in Medical Lake, Wash. (Tyler Tjomsland / The Spokesman-Review) By Eli Francovich elif@spokesman.com(509) 459-5417 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Commercial Crew Transport Program Boeing CST-100 Starliner Launch vehicle: ULA Atlas V Height: 171 feet SpaceX Crew Dragon Launch vehicle: Falcon 9 Height: 208 feet Source: NASA Four NASA astronauts who hope to travel to the International Space Station next year aboard “private space taxis” are in water-survival training at Fairchild Air Force Base. One of the four, Col. Bob Behnken, USAF (ret.), a former test pilot, compared what the astronauts are doing now to the early days of the U.S. space program in the 1960s. America ended its 30-year space shuttle program in 2011, and since then American astronauts have used Russian Soyuz spacecraft to get to the space station. But “in recent years, observers have … expressed concerns about relying on a foreign government to send Americans to the space station, especially when political disputes occurred between Russia and the United States,” according to Space.com. The four astronauts are training to fly on the Boeing Starliner capsule and SpaceX’s Dragon capsule. Which capsule the astronauts will be assigned to is not yet known, Behnken said. NASA is contracting with SpaceX and Boeing to ferry astronauts to the space station in what’s called the “commercial crew transport program.” The first crewed test flights are planned for May 2018. “We haven’t had a day like this since the ’60s,” Behnken said Wednesday. “We haven’t built any new ships.” The four astronauts spoke to more than 500 schoolchildren Wednesday in Medical Lake. Besides Behnken, they are: Col. Eric Boe USAF (ret.); Col. Doug Hurley USMC (ret.); and Capt. Sunni Williams USN (ret.). All four are space veterans, and all were experimental test pilots prior to joining NASA. Behnken said the crew is training at Fairchild in case they crash into the ocean on re-entry into Earth’s atmosphere. Training will include deploying and boarding a life raft, among other things. “If something went wrong, you could potentially end up in the water,” he said. “So we’re here at Fairchild to get some refresher training on water survival.” The two spacecraft, designed by Boeing and SpaceX respectively, are still in the testing phases. As test pilots, the astronauts give feedback about what works, and what doesn’t work. Essentially they are designing the training manual for future space missions, Behnken said. “Particularly since we’re in the design phase, if there is something we can change to make it better, now is the chance to do it,” he said. One example of that influence is what is or is not automated in the spacecraft. “That’s one of the things I think we are going to really face going forward with these spacecraft because there is a really strong desire to automate things,” Behnken said. For certain situations, he believes it’s better if the crew is in charge, or at least has the option of taking manual control. The four spoke to the Hallett Elementary students for about an hour, fielding questions about what it’s like to be weightless, astronaut food and whether Pluto is still a planet. It’s not. Hallett Elementary School Principal Cindy McSmith said the visit shows children a potential career path and is part of the school’s effort to push secondary education. “It’s a fabulous opportunity for our kids to see some of the opportunities that lay ahead of them,” she said. And although the four astronauts are certainly the most visible ambassadors for the space program, Boe emphasized they are only one part of the effort. “There are a lot of other people making this happen,” he said. Published: Feb. 9, 2017, 6 a.m.  Tags: astronauts, Boeing, Dragon, education, Hallett Elementary, SpaceX, Starliner Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
BREAKING NEWS: Iraq won't take part in regional conflict, Abadi says after Trump phone call … Saudi Crown prince says US-Saudi ties strong … Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India … 'Flower Jelly Lipstick' which changes color according to your mood … PSL II: Irfan likely to be sent back over fixing scandal … Test for Modi as India's biggest state votes … Making of Laila main Laila; Sunny Leone smitten by Shah Rukh Khan … Wenger and Klopp in search of lost flow … 17 dead in stampede at Angolan football stadium … Tesla chief in public feud with auto workers union … Menu Home Top News From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors Markets Politics & Policy CM Sindh decides to up-grade 10.. Fawad Maqsood Feb 10th, 2017 Imran a burden on democracy, politics.. Fawad Maqsood Feb 10th, 2017 China Mobile plans to invest $200.. Imran Kazmi Feb 10th, 2017 Spring plantation campaign starts in Sindh.. Imran Kazmi Feb 10th, 2017 Cold , dry spell to continue.. Imran Kazmi Feb 10th, 2017 SC to resume hearing of Panamagate.. Madiha Shakeel Feb 10th, 2017 Ministry-Nepra war of words intensifying Madiha Shakeel Feb 10th, 2017 World Africa Europe Global Business & Economy Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Iraq won't take part in regional.. Parvez Jabri Feb 11th, 2017 Saab offers high-tech jet production hub.. Parvez Jabri Feb 11th, 2017 Four dead after strong quake shakes.. Parvez Jabri Feb 11th, 2017 Abe in Washington for talks with.. Parvez Jabri Feb 10th, 2017 Peru orders arrest of ex-president Toledo.. Parvez Jabri Feb 10th, 2017 China exports surge tainted by fears.. Parvez Jabri Feb 10th, 2017 Putin, Erdogan to 'enhance' Syria coordination:.. Imaduddin Feb 9th, 2017 Business Banking & Finance Industries & Sectors Managed Funds Real Estate Tesla chief in public feud with.. Parvez Jabri Feb 11th, 2017 Renault boasts record year despite diesel.. Fawad Maqsood Feb 10th, 2017 Reserve Bank lowers Australia short-term growth.. Parvez Jabri Feb 10th, 2017 Spain's Telefonica in talks to sell.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Feb 9th, 2017 SocGen to list stake in vehicle.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Feb 9th, 2017 Coca-Cola earnings drop despite higher North.. Imaduddin Feb 9th, 2017 Norwegian Air seeks to fly Siberian.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Feb 9th, 2017 Markets Commodities Energy Equity Fixed Income FXMM US stocks add to records on.. Fawad Maqsood Feb 10th, 2017 Dollar rallies on Trump tax pledge Fawad Maqsood Feb 10th, 2017 Tokyo stocks jump 2.5pc after Trump.. Parvez Jabri Feb 10th, 2017 UAE hit by poor Q4 earnings,.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Feb 9th, 2017 Brazil stocks up on rising commodities;.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Feb 9th, 2017 Robusta coffee rebounds after setting 2017.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Feb 9th, 2017 Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Feb 9th, 2017 Stocks Stocks Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Football Hockey Olympic London 2012 Other Sports PSL II: Irfan likely to be.. Asfia Afzal Feb 11th, 2017 Wenger and Klopp in search of.. Parvez Jabri Feb 11th, 2017 17 dead in stampede at Angolan.. Parvez Jabri Feb 11th, 2017 Sharjeel, Latif suspend in corruption probe Parvez Jabri Feb 11th, 2017 Viv Richards' berserk celebrations break the.. Ali Ahmed Feb 10th, 2017 Qalandars elect to field against Gladiators Ali Ahmed Feb 10th, 2017 Brendon McCullum praises ‘phenomenal’ Pakistan talent Ali Ahmed Feb 10th, 2017 Entertainment Arts Lifestyle Movies Music 'Flower Jelly Lipstick' which changes color.. Asfia Afzal Feb 11th, 2017 Making of Laila main Laila; Sunny.. Asfia Afzal Feb 11th, 2017 Karan Johar is jealous and not.. Asfia Afzal Feb 10th, 2017 'Fifty Shades Darker' movie review; Erotic.. Asfia Afzal Feb 10th, 2017 Paris to boost security around Eiffel.. Madiha Shakeel Feb 10th, 2017 Fawad Khan reveals his relationship status.. Asfia Afzal Feb 10th, 2017 Obama kite surfing adventure after presidency Madiha Shakeel Feb 9th, 2017 Sci-Tech ePaper AAJ Live Home »Business & Finance » Industries & Sectors » Singapore Airlines in $13.8bn Boeing deal Industries & Sectors Singapore Airlines in $13.8bn Boeing deal Imaduddin Feb 9th, 2017 0 SINGAPORE: Singapore Airlines said Thursday it had ordered 39 Boeing passenger planes worth $13.8 billion as it seeks to expand its capacity in the face of growing competition. The carrier said it had signed a letter of intent with the US manufacturer for 20 of its 777-9s and 19 of its 787-10s, with options for six more of each aircraft, bringing the total to 51 if exercised. "Today's major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position," chief executive Goh Choon Phong said in a statement. "This order is also another demonstration of our commitment to further growing the Singapore hub, as we will be able to offer even more travel options for our customers." The 787-10s, powered by Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines, are due to be delivered in the 2020/21 financial year, while the 777-9s, fitted with General Electric's GE9X engines, are scheduled to arrive in 2021/22. SIA has a fleet of 182 planes across five brands which include the main airline, regional wing SilkAir, medium- to long-haul budget carrier Scoot and low-cost arm Tiger Airways, as well as its cargo business. Aviation analyst Shukor Yusof said the deal was SIA's attempt to move into its next stage of growth. "The new Boeing 787 aircraft are likely to be given to Scoot and Tiger Airways, which will be used for shorter journeys around the region," said Shukor of Malaysia-based aviation consultancy Endau Analytics. He said the 777-9s will complement the airline's fleet of Airbus A350s, which it uses for non-stop flights to San Francisco. SIA has been facing tough competition from Middle Eastern carriers on long-haul routes and budget airlines within the region. On Tuesday it said it booked a net profit of Sg$177 million ($125 million) in the third quarter to December, down 35.6 percent year on year, and warned 2017 would be "another challenging year". SIA pointed to "tepid global economic conditions and geopolitical concerns, alongside market headwinds such as overcapacity and aggressive pricing by competitors". It also said "loads and yields for both the passenger and cargo businesses are projected to remain under pressure". SIA shares closed at Sg$9.94 Thursday, up 1.43 percent from the previous day. The orders were announced after the market closed. Copyright AFP (Agence France-Press), 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Imaduddin Previous Japan's Abe heads for Trump summit with jobs package Next UK plans to remove insurance barriers for self-driving cars Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Top
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Boeing Wins $13.8 Billion Wide-Body Jet Order From Singapore Air Bloomberg Julie Johnsson, Andrea Rothman and Benjamin Katz 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs © Kyunghee Park BC-SINGAPORE-AIR-HEDGING Boeing Co. won orders for 39 wide-body aircraft from Singapore Airlines Ltd. as Southeast Asia’s biggest long-distance carrier upgrades its fleet over the next decade with more fuel-efficient models in an effort to cut costs. Quotes in the article Singapore Airlines Ltd SINGY ▼ 13.99 -0.01 -0.07% Boeing Co BA ▲ 166.23 +1.95 +1.19% The airline agreed to buy 20 777-9s, which are set to debut at the decade’s end, and 19 787-10s, the longest Dreamliner model, for $13.8 billion at list prices that don’t reflect customary discounts, Singapore Air said in a statement on Thursday. Boeing was nearing an order for at least 35 wide-body aircraft from Singapore Air, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Those aircraft would be valued at $13.8 billion based on list prices, before the discounts that are customary in the industry. The order could be unveiled this week, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private. Deliveries of the jets will start as early as in the financial year ending March 2021, the carrier said, adding it also has options to buy six more of each of the two models. The new deal would provide a critical boost to two high-profile Boeing products amid a tough market for twin-aisle jets. The Chicago-based company has been working hard to land sales of its upgraded 777X family after twice announcing it would cut output of current models. The new aircraft will replace some of Singapore Air’s aging Boeing planes such as the 777-300ER, while giving the carrier’s low-cost units rights to jets not yet on the market. “Singapore is a deeply respected long-haul carrier, both in terms of brand quality and technical proficiency,” said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with Fairfax, Virginia-based Teal Group. “It would be a fantastic endorsement.” Shares of the airline rose 1.4 percent to S$9.94 on Thursday in Singapore trading before the announcement. Business Travelers Singapore Air has ordered 67 of the A350-900 jets, including an ultra-long range version, as it courts business travelers with non-stop service to markets such as New York and Los Angeles. The Asian carrier’s current fleet includes 10 A350s, which Airbus says consume 25 percent less fuel than Boeing’s 777 aircraft, with 57 more on order. The airline already has 30 787-10s on order, according to Boeing’s website. Singapore Air has also reviewed a proposed, longer version of the twin-engine 777 that would carry as many as 450 passengers, a load previously handled only by four-engine jumbo jets, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Buffeted by marquee Middle Eastern peers such as Emirates and regional budget operators, the only Asian carrier to have flown the Concorde has said it will maintain vigilance over its costs. Singapore Air, following two consecutive quarters of decline in profits, said Tuesday that 2017 will be another challenging year amid “tepid global economic conditions and geopolitical concerns.” The carrier is the launch customer for the 787-10, the first Boeing jetliner to be manufactured solely at its new North Charleston, South Carolina, campus. Deliveries are slated to begin next year. Singapore Air’s unit Scoot currently flies the carbon-composite 787-800 and 787-900 variants of the Dreamliners. --With assistance from Kyunghee Park To contact the reporters on this story: Julie Johnsson in Chicago at jjohnsson@bloomberg.net, Andrea Rothman in Toulouse at aerothman@bloomberg.net, Benjamin Katz in London at bkatz38@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Anand Krishnamoorthy at anandk@bloomberg.net, Sam Nagarajan ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Business Home LBoard Spooked by anti-China talk, Forest City developer courts other buyers FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Singapore Airlines in US$13.8 billion Boeing deal AFP | February 9, 2017 The 787-10s, powered by Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines, are due to be delivered in the 2020/21 financial year, while the 777-9s, fitted with General Electric's GE9X engines, are scheduled to arrive in 2021/22. SINGAPORE: Singapore Airlines said Thursday it had ordered 39 Boeing passenger planes worth US$13.8 billion as it seeks to expand its capacity in the face of growing competition. The carrier said it had signed a letter of intent with the US manufacturer for 20 of its 777-9s and 19 of its 787-10s, with options for six more of each aircraft, bringing the total to 51 if exercised. “Today’s major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position,” chief executive Goh Choon Phong said in a statement. “This order is also another demonstration of our commitment to further growing the Singapore hub, as we will be able to offer even more travel options for our customers.” The 787-10s, powered by Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines, are due to be delivered in the 2020/21 financial year, while the 777-9s, fitted with General Electric’s GE9X engines, are scheduled to arrive in 2021/22. SIA has a fleet of 182 planes across five brands which include the main airline, regional wing SilkAir, medium- to long-haul budget carrier Scoot and low-cost arm Tiger Airways, as well as its cargo business. Aviation analyst Shukor Yusof said the deal was SIA’s attempt to move into its next stage of growth. “The new Boeing 787 aircraft are likely to be given to Scoot and Tiger Airways, which will be used for shorter journeys around the region,” said Shukor of Malaysia-based aviation consultancy Endau Analytics. He said the 777-9s will complement the airline’s fleet of Airbus A350s, which it uses for non-stop flights to San Francisco. SIA has been facing tough competition from Middle Eastern carriers on long-haul routes and budget airlines within the region. On Tuesday it said it booked a net profit of Sg$177 million (US$125 million) in the third quarter to December, down 35.6 percent year on year, and warned 2017 would be “another challenging year”. SIA pointed to “tepid global economic conditions and geopolitical concerns, alongside market headwinds such as overcapacity and aggressive pricing by competitors”. It also said “loads and yields for both the passenger and cargo businesses are projected to remain under pressure”. SIA shares closed at Sg$9.94 Thursday, up 1.43 percent from the previous day. The orders were announced after the market closed. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story UN: Increasing opposition in Philippines to war on drugs Johari: Govt considering ceiling price for fuel ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Form Two girl admits to having many sex partners Too legit to quit… gangs try their hand at business Azmin stands his ground on ‘minister to resign’… It’s murder, so call it that, lawyers urge police Malaysia reaches for the moon, no, really, the real moon Name the minister or you’re lying, Najib tells Azmin Geely could steer Proton in right direction, says think-tank Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for… Hong Kong subway arson attack injures 18 Mideast investors getting wary of Malaysia, says Ideas ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Easy to blame picky grads, what about the bosses? Is it so hard to make a sex offenders list? Will China be a factor in the elections? The return of a convicted rapist Of paintbrushes and mindless enforcement Mengapa Melayu Islam perlu bantah usul PAS pinda akta syariah More... FMT Bahasa Sertai PH: PPBM beri PAS sebulan untuk buat keputusan 3 pesakit ‘virus misteri’ sah kena kencing tikus Mati dalam tahanan: Peguam desak klasifikasi kes bunuh Azmin sengaja buat cerita, kata Ismail Sabri Pelihara keharmonian negara, jangan iktiraf UEC, kata Perkasa Anifah tak letak jawatan, Azmin cuba bohongi rakyat, kata Zahid More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Singapore Airlines in $13.8 bn Boeing dealBy Elizabeth LAW | AFP – Thu, Feb 9, 2017 12:23 PM AEDT Singapore Airlines said Thursday it had ordered 39 Boeing passenger planes worth $13.8 billion as it seeks to expand its capacity in the face of growing competition. The carrier said it had signed a letter of intent with the US manufacturer for 20 of its 777-9s and 19 of its 787-10s, with options for six more of each aircraft, bringing the total to 51 if exercised. "Today?s major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position," chief executive Goh Choon Phong said in a statement. "This order is also another demonstration of our commitment to further growing the Singapore hub, as we will be able to offer even more travel options for our customers." The 787-10s, powered by Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines, are due to be delivered in the 2020/21 financial year, while the 777-9s, fitted with General Electric's GE9X engines, are scheduled to arrive in 2021/22. SIA has a fleet of 182 planes across five brands which include the main airline, regional wing SilkAir, medium- to long-haul budget carrier Scoot and low-cost arm Tiger Airways, as well as its cargo business. Aviation analyst Shukor Yusof said the deal was SIA's attempt to move into its next stage of growth. "The new Boeing 787 aircraft are likely to be given to Scoot and Tiger Airways, which will be used for shorter journeys around the region," said Shukor of Malaysia-based aviation consultancy Endau Analytics. He said the 777-9s will complement the airline's fleet of Airbus A350s, which it uses for non-stop flights to San Francisco. SIA has been facing tough competition from Middle Eastern carriers on long-haul routes and budget airlines within the region. On Tuesday it said it booked a net profit of Sg$177 million ($125 million) in the third quarter to December, down 35.6 percent year on year, and warned 2017 would be "another challenging year". SIA pointed to "tepid global economic conditions and geopolitical concerns, alongside market headwinds such as overcapacity and aggressive pricing by competitors". It also said "loads and yields for both the passenger and cargo businesses are projected to remain under pressure". SIA shares closed at Sg$9.94 Thursday, up 1.43 percent from the previous day. The orders were announced after the market closed. Explore Related Content 1 - 1 of 1 prevnext Alia bhatt's next with Lunch Box director … Catch News The talented actress Alia Bhatt's kitty seems to be overflowing with film offers. The latest, … Top Stories » Ford invests $1b in robotics start-upAAP Ford will invest $US1 billion ($A1.3 billion) in robotics start-up Argo AI as part of its quest to have a fully … Algorithms: the managers of our digital livesAFP How algorithms (secretly) run the worldAFP Kirin to buy Mandalay Brewery to dominate Myanmar market: reportAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Aust heat wave Last minute accommodation Guillermo Amor Flowers Trump travel ban Personal loan France attack Adelaide Accommodation Trump China Toyota Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Boeing Wins $13.8B Singapore Airlines Order ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Boeing Wins $13.8B Singapore Airlines Order Published February 09, 2017 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print Singapore Airlines announced a $13.8 billion order to buy 39 Boeing wide-body aircraft as it pursues expansion opportunities, a setback for the U.S. planemaker's rival Airbus Group in the fight for long-term orders. Continue Reading Below Airbus Group has flagged its intention to build a bigger version of its A350, although these plans have been placed on hold amid uncertainty over demand for wide-body jets. In a statement on Thursday, SIA said it agreed to place firm orders with Boeing for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s to tap additional growth and for fleet modernization through the next decade. "Today's major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position," said CEO Goh Choon Phong. Airlines typically get discounts on list prices when placing large orders. SIA said this would be the airline's first order for the newest 777 variant that is currently under development, the 777-9. SIA is already the launch customer for the 787-10, which is also currently in development, having placed an initial order in 2013 for 30 aircraft for delivery from the 2018/19 financial year. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT   (Reporting by Anshuman Daga in SINGAPORE, Tim Hepher in PARIS and Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Singapore Airlines places US$14b wide-body Boeing order News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business Singapore Business Singapore Airlines places US$14b wide-body Boeing order Singapore Airlines announced a provisional order worth US$13.8 billion at list prices to buy 39 Boeing wide-body planes on Thursday as it battles Gulf carriers, dealing a blow to Airbus in the key market for big twinjets. Posted 09 Feb 2017 16:26 Updated 09 Feb 2017 23:53 FILE PHOTO - Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SINGAPORE/PARIS: Singapore Airlines (SIA) announced a provisional order worth US$13.8 billion at list prices to buy 39 Boeing wide-body planes on Thursday (Feb 9) as it battles Gulf carriers, dealing a blow to Airbus in the key market for big twinjets. SIA signed a letter of intent with Boeing for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s to tap additional passenger growth and to modernise its fleet over the next decade. Additional options for the two aircraft types could take the deal to as many as 51 aircraft. The preliminary order is a boost for Boeing as it seeks to restore momentum for the newest version of its long-haul 777, which after a strong debut has not had a firm order in 20 months. It is also expected to shore up export-related US jobs at a time when domestic manufacturing employment is a sensitive political issue under US President Donald Trump. "The carrier is a demanding customer and its fleet decisions usually define market trends in the intermediate term," said Jefferies analyst Howard Rubel in a note. Airlines typically get discounts on jet orders and Rubel estimated the deal's net value to be closer to US$6.5 billion or about a tenth of the US planemaker's annual volume. "While the deal may have been highly competitive, it is business in part of the market that strengthens Boeing's positioning," he said. The agreement, however, leaves a question mark over Airbus proposals to develop a larger 400-seat version of its A350 passenger jet to compete with the 406-seat Boeing 777-9. Singapore's flagship carrier had been seen as a key potential launch customer for the proposed jet, but the European planemaker last year postponed a decision on whether to launch the new project amid pressure on demand for wide-body jets. The fact that Airbus was not yet ready to make a definitive offer to supply the new plane, relying instead on the 366-seat A350-1000, may have been a handicap in the contest for Singapore's business, an industry source said. "Our priority is to certify and assure entry to service of the A350-1000," an Airbus spokesman said, adding the two main existing models represented a "good platform" for airline needs. LAUNCH CUSTOMER SIA's significant orders and recent moves to extend some of its fuel-hedging contracts to as long as five years show it is positioning itself for the next phase of growth, said Shukor Yusof, an analyst at Malaysian aviation consultancy Endau Analytics. "What's working for them is that they have very deep pockets and they are putting some of that money to replace fleet and also looking at new destinations," Yusof said. SIA has been under pressure as demand weakens for long-haul travel amid tough competition from Middle East network carriers. SIA said this would be the airline's first order for the newest 777 variant that is currently under development. SIA is already the launch customer for the 787-10, which is also currently in development, having placed an initial order in 2013 for 30 aircraft for delivery from the 2018/19 financial year. The airline operates a varied fleet with more than 50 current-generation 777s in service, while subsidiaries SilkAir, Scoot and SIA Cargo also operate other Boeing planes. Thursday's preliminary order was SIA's biggest Boeing deal by value. It also operates other Airbus aircraft including the smaller A350-900 model and the four-engined A380, the world's largest airliner, some of which could be replaced by 777-9s. The growth of the big twinjet is driven by advances in the largest engines, sparking a parallel battle between Boeing ally General Electric and Airbus supplier Rolls-Royce. GE is the sole supplier of engines on the 777 and Rolls-Royce won the US$1.7 billion order from SIA to power the 19 Boeing Dreamliner aircraft. (Reporting by Anshuman Daga in SINGAPORE and Tim Hepher in PARIS; Additional reporting by Shalini Nagarajan in BENGALURU; Editing by Keith Weir and Mark Potter) - AFP/CNA/ek Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Skip to main content The Straits Times Singapore Toggle navigation Home Singapore Courts & Crime Education Housing Transport Health Manpower Environment Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper SIA signs letter of intent for 39 Boeing aircraft in a deal valued at US$13.8 billion at list price Singapore Airlines has signed a letter of intent to buy 39 Boeing aircraft, which will be delivered after 2020. PHOTO: REUTERS PublishedFeb 9, 2017, 5:21 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4sD3 Copy Karamjit Kaur Aviation Correspondent karam@sph.com.sg SINGAPORE - Singapore Airlines (SIA) has signed a letter of intent to buy 39 Boeing aircraft - 20 B777-9s and 19 B787s - for additional growth and fleet modernisation through the next decade. The deal inked on Thursday also includes options for 12 more planes. The aircraft will be delivered after 2020, SIA said in an announcement on Thursday. The proposed order, which is valued at US$13.8 billion ($19.5 billion) based on published list prices, includes flexibility for the SIA Group to substitute the B787-10 orders for other variants of the 787 family. "Today's major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position," said SIA's chief executive officer Goh Choon Phong. "We are continuing to invest for the future of the SIA Group. This order is also another demonstration of our commitment to further growing the Singapore hub, as we will be able to offer even more travel options for our customers," he added. SIA is a longstanding Boeing customer with more than 50 current-generation B777 aircraft in service. Subsidiaries SilkAir, Scoot and SIA Cargo are also operators of Boeing aircraft. In addition to the 30 previously-ordered B787-10s, SIA has outstanding orders with Airbus for five A380-800s and 57 A350-900s. SilkAir has outstanding orders with Boeing for 37 B737 MAX 8s, while Scoot has orders with Boeing for eight B787s. Tigerair has orders with Airbus for 39 A320neos. Topics:  SINGAPORE AIRLINES AVIATION/AEROSPACE SECTOR More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4sD3 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017feb06_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Online Grocer Grows Personal Data Protection Along With Business braintree_a123964_2016oct10_300x200_stros.jpg Rule the Roost – Ecomm tips to keep the holiday season going st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping Need a place to showcase your products or talent? Join Live10! Win an iPhone 7 when you shop on Qoo10 with Citibank Card! BAGS with LOVE! Valentine's Day GIFT For Your Loved Ones! 4 Bottles of DYNAMO @ $29.90! Our Household Superhero! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 49° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today A mix of clouds and sun in the morning followed by cloudy skies during the afternoon. Slight chance of a rain shower. High 66F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Overcast. Slight chance of a shower throughout the evening. Low around 45F. SW winds shifting to NW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Brad Nettles FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) Boeing wins $13.8 billion Singapore Airlines order for wide-body jets Reuters Feb 9, 2017 (…) Brad Nettles FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) SINGAPORE • Singapore Airlines announced a $13.8 billion order to buy 39 Boeing wide-body aircraft as it pursues expansion opportunities, a setback for the U.S. planemaker's rival Airbus Group in the fight for long-term orders. Airbus Group has flagged its intention to build a bigger version of its A350, although these plans have been placed on hold amid uncertainty over demand for wide-body jets. In a statement on Thursday, SIA said it agreed to place firm orders with Boeing for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s to tap additional growth and for fleet modernization through the next decade. "Today's major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position," said CEO Goh Choon Phong. See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Airlines typically get discounts on list prices when placing large orders. SIA said this would be the airline's first order for the newest 777 variant that is currently under development, the 777-9. SIA is already the launch customer for the 787-10, which is also currently in development, having placed an initial order in 2013 for 30 aircraft for delivery from the 2018/19 financial year. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Singapore Airlines Commerce Finance Industry Widebody Aircraft Economics View (…) comments Most popular Special report: The man behind the fiscal fiasco in Illinois Missouri consumer law is under attack U.S. may take 'fresh look' at Lockheed's plan to move F-16 production to India, company says Chesterfield doctor's company placed on probation, must pay back $166,000 Sears to cut $1 billion in costs, reduce debt and pension obligations by $1.5 billion Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section St. Louis police investigate fatal shootings Enterprise Financial Services completes acquisition of Eagle Bank parent U.S. stock indexes extend climb into record heights Sears to cut $1 billion in costs, reduce debt and pension obligations by $1.5 billion Circus Flora planning new Grand Center home Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Selected nominees will be featured in the Post-Dispatch and STLtoday.com! Celebrate your company's culture! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Singapore Airlines agrees to place $13.8 bln order with Boeing Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Feb 9, 2017 | 4:17am EST BRIEF-Singapore Airlines agrees to place $13.8 bln order with Boeing Feb 9 Singapore Airlines Ltd * agreed to place firm orders with Boeing for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s, for additional growth and fleet modernisation through next decade * Proposed order, is valued at $13.8 bln based on published list prices * 777-9s are due for delivery from 2021/22 financial year and 787-10s for delivery from 2020/21 financial year. * SIA has selected Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 to power 787-10s, which are to be operated on medium-range routes * signs LOI with US airframe manufacturer comprising 39 firm orders plus six options for each aircraft type, if exercised will enlarge deal to as many as 51 aircraft Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: Next In Market News China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain BEIJING, Feb 11 Combining public bluster with behind-the-scenes diplomacy, China wrested a concession from the United States as the two presidents spoke for the first time this week, but Beijing may not be able to derive much comfort from the win on U.S. policy toward Taiwan. UPDATE 1-Snow, avalanches, rain delay grain movement to U.S. ports * Graphic on cargoes http://reut.rs/2lAFOF1 (Updates to add graphic) UPDATE 4-UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' SAN FRANCISCO/DETROIT Feb 10 The United Automobile Workers union on Friday said it had been approached by workers at Tesla Inc's Fremont, California, assembly plant, rejecting a charge by the chief executive of the luxury electric car maker that a worker who publicly criticized the company was on the UAW payroll. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Fare Killer Ryanair Lets Go of Its American Dream The Irish carrier is seeking new growth in Europe rather than looking to the west. by Justin Bachman @justinbachman More stories by Justin Bachman February 9, 2017, 3:00 AM EST Ryanair's CFO: See More Growth Going Into Mainland Europe For at least a decade, Ryanair Holdings Plc CEO Michael O’Leary dreamed about coming to America, bringing the Irish carrier’s insanely low fares to the other side of the pond. Expand west to the largest aviation market. Price the cheapest seats at $10. Offer business class up front for those willing to pay. A leader among ultra low-cost airlines, Ryanair had global ambitions. The trans-Atlantic routes have long been the province of the largest full-service carriers, which fill their premium cabins with the rich and famous and famously rich. As one of Europe’s biggest airlines, any move by Ryanair into that world could have further upended fares by adding more capacity to an already crowded field. Yet O’Leary always found a reason not to pull the trigger. “I don’t believe long-haul, low fares, no-frills works,” he said in 2008. “Because there’s always going to be 10 or 15 percent of the market in long haul who will pay whatever it costs for a business-class service.” Despite periodic teases of new U.S. flights, Ryanair never moved to acquire any aircraft model beyond the Boeing 737s it flies exclusively. In 2015, Ryanair made noises again, this time causing a stir when it said board members had approved plans to move ahead with trans-Atlantic flights—a logical progression given the airline’s steady growth. That led to a reversal three days later (a delay the company blamed partly on St. Patrick’s Day observances) when directors quashed the notion with a terse statement. “In the light of recent press coverage, the board of Ryanair Holdings P.L.C. wishes to clarify that it has not considered or approved any trans-Atlantic project and does not intend to do so.” But now it’s 2017, and probably too late for different reasons. Much has changed over the Atlantic in recent years amid a sharp decline in jet fuel prices. The trans-Atlantic market now sees a surge of low-cost flying from the likes of Norwegian Air, WOW Air, WestJet Airlines Ltd., and Air Canada’s discount Rouge unit. Air Canada itself has bolstered international flying, too. Even JetBlue Airways Corp. is mulling whether to cross the ocean. For now, Ryanair has shelved its trans-Atlantic plans and is scouring growth opportunities closer to home. The Dublin-based carrier, which carries about 116 million passengers annually, has its sights set on 200 million by 2024 with almost 400 new Boeing aircraft on order. “As there is plenty of capacity and growth opportunities for Ryanair in Europe, we are solely focused on European growth currently,” Ryanair spokesman Robin Kiely said in an email. Expensive aircraft For years, O’Leary cited an inability to acquire a fuel-efficient aircraft for Atlantic routes. Ryanair was unlikely to get a price from manufacturers it would like, he explained in a 2014 interview with Bloomberg, due to the market popularity of new, more fuel-efficient aircraft like Boeing Co.’s 787. The CEO also cited the torrid growth of the three large Middle Eastern carriers, Emirates, Qatar Airways Ltd., and Etihad Airways. Emirates flies between the U.S. and Italy and plans to begin a new route from Athens to Newark, N.J. in March, two routes which have drawn fierce condemnation from U.S. carriers complaining that the Gulf carriers are state-supported. Even setting all that aside, flights to America were still a strategic stretch for Ryanair. As with Dallas-based Southwest, Ryanair’s competitive advantages stem from short flights, which allow for more daily flight segments per airplane. Crossing the Atlantic would put a significant crimp in that. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up “They wouldn’t be able to replicate their massive short-haul cost advantage on long-haul flights,” said Seth Kaplan, a managing partner at trade journal Airline Weekly. And even with the cost benefits they enjoy over full-service carriers, low-cost airlines like Ryanair and Spirit Airlines Inc. confront a revenue disadvantage for another reason: the longer the trip, the more that frills matter. “Some customers who are willing to put up with spartan service on two-hour flights aren’t willing to put up with it on seven-hour flights,” Kaplan said. Investor demands This is one reason Allegiant Travel Co.—the world’s most profitable airline by operating margin—struggled to make money serving Hawaii from the U.S. mainland, Kaplan said. Allegiant ended the service last year. Moreover, Ryanair is now a mature player in the aviation world, with investors who rely on measured, steady growth. Two years ago, when the market got word Ryanair might have put North America on its radar, the stock price reacted quickly, and not well. Fielding a new aircraft type to fly against global behemoths would prove expensive—the virtual opposite of the business maxim of sticking to one’s knitting. It seems Ryanair has decided once and for all to finish that sweater. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics SHLD NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Stock Is Set to Bounce Back The Trump rally has forsaken Exxon, but it's too soon to count out XOM stock By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Feb 6, 2017, 9:51 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Tuesday’s Vital Data: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD), Twitter Inc (TWTR) and Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Stock Is Set to Bounce Back Is Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Due for a Correction? Recent Posts: Burned by FireEye Inc (FEYE) Stock? Try These Rebound Trades Thursday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Is Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Due for a Correction? View All Posts Let’s get this out of the way first. I was wrong on Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stock back in early January. Well … half wrong, that is. The XOM stock rally I expected from an extended “Trump bump,” Rex Tillerson being confirmed as Secretary of State and rising oil prices never materialized. In fact, Trump’s “drill baby drill” attitude toward American crude and a glut of global oil supply all contributed to undermine the longer-term fundamentals for XOM — despite oil prices rising above $53 per barrel. But XOM stock has held above its September lows and long-term support at $80. So, while the Feb $90/$92.50 call is likely a bust (unless XOM rallies sharply in the next two weeks), the Feb $80 put sell remains a solid recommendation. That said, I remain bullish on XOM, as all of the major long-term drivers remain in effect for Exxon stock. When trading options, it’s often a matter of getting the timing right. And now could be the right time, after Exxon Mobil shares appear to have finally put in a bottom following last week’s quarterly earnings report. Sentiment toward XOM stock remains largely the same as it did heading into last week’s report, with Thomson/First Call reporting that 20 of the 26 brokerage firms following Exxon stock doling out “hold” or worse ratings. Additionally, the 12-month consensus price target rests at $88.57, representing a premium of about 6% to Friday’s close. In short, there is room for upgrades and target-price increases that should help firm up XOM’s price action. Click to Enlarge On the options front, XOM traders remain largely bullish on the stock’s prospects. Currently, the March put/call open interest ratio rests at 0.57, down sharply from the prior February put/call OI ratio of 0.70. While February call options traders were targeting $92.50 strike, March traders have readjusted their targets to the $85 strike, which is home to 7,100 contracts at last check. As for March implieds, options are pricing in a potential move of about 2.5% for XOM stock through expiration. This places the lower bound near $81.35 and the upper bound at $85.65. A breakout above $85 could signal a return to XOM’s former rally, while support remains firm near $80. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/xom-stock-is-set-to-bounce-back/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans That Are Shooting Higher 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of TV 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise on Donald Trump-Shinzo Abe Summit 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Most Popular 7 Marvelous Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for the Best of All Worlds 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 High-Risk, High-Reward Stocks to Buy Now 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in the Trump Era 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Singapore Airlines places US$14b wide-body Boeing order News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business Singapore Business Singapore Airlines places US$14b wide-body Boeing order Singapore Airlines announced a provisional order worth US$13.8 billion at list prices to buy 39 Boeing wide-body planes on Thursday as it battles Gulf carriers, dealing a blow to Airbus in the key market for big twinjets. Posted 09 Feb 2017 16:26 Updated 09 Feb 2017 23:53 FILE PHOTO - Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SINGAPORE/PARIS: Singapore Airlines (SIA) announced a provisional order worth US$13.8 billion at list prices to buy 39 Boeing wide-body planes on Thursday (Feb 9) as it battles Gulf carriers, dealing a blow to Airbus in the key market for big twinjets. SIA signed a letter of intent with Boeing for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s to tap additional passenger growth and to modernise its fleet over the next decade. Additional options for the two aircraft types could take the deal to as many as 51 aircraft. The preliminary order is a boost for Boeing as it seeks to restore momentum for the newest version of its long-haul 777, which after a strong debut has not had a firm order in 20 months. It is also expected to shore up export-related US jobs at a time when domestic manufacturing employment is a sensitive political issue under US President Donald Trump. "The carrier is a demanding customer and its fleet decisions usually define market trends in the intermediate term," said Jefferies analyst Howard Rubel in a note. Airlines typically get discounts on jet orders and Rubel estimated the deal's net value to be closer to US$6.5 billion or about a tenth of the US planemaker's annual volume. "While the deal may have been highly competitive, it is business in part of the market that strengthens Boeing's positioning," he said. The agreement, however, leaves a question mark over Airbus proposals to develop a larger 400-seat version of its A350 passenger jet to compete with the 406-seat Boeing 777-9. Singapore's flagship carrier had been seen as a key potential launch customer for the proposed jet, but the European planemaker last year postponed a decision on whether to launch the new project amid pressure on demand for wide-body jets. The fact that Airbus was not yet ready to make a definitive offer to supply the new plane, relying instead on the 366-seat A350-1000, may have been a handicap in the contest for Singapore's business, an industry source said. "Our priority is to certify and assure entry to service of the A350-1000," an Airbus spokesman said, adding the two main existing models represented a "good platform" for airline needs. LAUNCH CUSTOMER SIA's significant orders and recent moves to extend some of its fuel-hedging contracts to as long as five years show it is positioning itself for the next phase of growth, said Shukor Yusof, an analyst at Malaysian aviation consultancy Endau Analytics. "What's working for them is that they have very deep pockets and they are putting some of that money to replace fleet and also looking at new destinations," Yusof said. SIA has been under pressure as demand weakens for long-haul travel amid tough competition from Middle East network carriers. SIA said this would be the airline's first order for the newest 777 variant that is currently under development. SIA is already the launch customer for the 787-10, which is also currently in development, having placed an initial order in 2013 for 30 aircraft for delivery from the 2018/19 financial year. The airline operates a varied fleet with more than 50 current-generation 777s in service, while subsidiaries SilkAir, Scoot and SIA Cargo also operate other Boeing planes. Thursday's preliminary order was SIA's biggest Boeing deal by value. It also operates other Airbus aircraft including the smaller A350-900 model and the four-engined A380, the world's largest airliner, some of which could be replaced by 777-9s. The growth of the big twinjet is driven by advances in the largest engines, sparking a parallel battle between Boeing ally General Electric and Airbus supplier Rolls-Royce. GE is the sole supplier of engines on the 777 and Rolls-Royce won the US$1.7 billion order from SIA to power the 19 Boeing Dreamliner aircraft. (Reporting by Anshuman Daga in SINGAPORE and Tim Hepher in PARIS; Additional reporting by Shalini Nagarajan in BENGALURU; Editing by Keith Weir and Mark Potter) - AFP/CNA/ek Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers Boeing lands $500 million contribution for pension funds Meaghan Kilroy | February 8, 2017 5:19 pm | Updated 5:22 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart PBGC premiums on the up and up View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Best Places to Work in Money Management 2016 View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO Face to Face with the American Investment Councils Mike Sommers View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home Industry Boeing nearing $13.8 billion order from Singapore Airlines Boeing nearing $13.8 billion order from Singapore Airlines Boeing Co. is the front-runner as Singapore Airlines Ltd. closes in on an order for at least 35 wide-body aircraft amid a battle with Chinese and Middle Eastern carriers, people familiar with the matter said. By: Bloomberg | Updated: February 9, 2017 11:55 AM Those aircraft would be valued at .8 billion based on list prices, before the discounts that are customary in the industry. (Reuters) Boeing Co. is the front-runner as Singapore Airlines Ltd. closes in on an order for at least 35 wide-body aircraft amid a battle with Chinese and Middle Eastern carriers, people familiar with the matter said. Southeast Asia’s biggest long-distance carrier is considering buying 20 of Boeing’s long-range 777-9 jets, which are set to debut at decade’s end, after studying a rival bid for Airbus Group SE’s A350 aircraft, one of the people said. The carrier also is poised to take at least 19 of the Boeing 787-10, the longest Dreamliner model, the person said. Those aircraft would be valued at $13.8 billion based on list prices, before the discounts that are customary in the industry. The order could be unveiled this week, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private. Singapore Air, under pressure to cut costs after two consecutive quarters of declining profit, has been seeking more fuel-efficient aircraft as crude oil prices show signs of a rebound. The aircraft to be purchased would replace aging Boeing models such as the 777-300ER, while giving Singapore Air or its low-cost subsidiaries rights to Boeing aircraft not yet on the market. Representatives of Singapore Air and Boeing declined to comment. “The global trend is to replace inefficient planes with efficient ones,” said K. Ajith, an analyst at UOB Kay Hian Pte in Singapore. “This move is to bring down their cost.” Non-Stop Services The marquee airline is competing against rivals like Emirates that are luring first- and business-class passengers with comforts like in-flight showers. Meanwhile, discount airlines are attracting budget-minded travelers. Singapore Air also has ordered 67 of Airbus’s A350-900 jets, including an ultra-long range version, as it courts business travelers with non-stop service to markets such as New York and Los Angeles. The new deal would provide a critical boost to two high-profile Boeing products amid a tough market for twin-aisle jets. The Chicago-based company has been working hard to land sales of its upgraded 777X family after twice announcing it would cut output of current models. You may also like to watch this Boeing shares rose 0.3 percent to $164.34 at 7:20 p.m. in New York, while shares of Singapore Air gained 0.7 percent to S$9.87 as of 9:23 a.m. in Singapore trading. The Asian carrier currently has nine A350s, which Airbus says consume 25 percent less fuel than Boeing’s 777 aircraft, and 58 more on order as of Jan. 1. Singapore Air also has reviewed a proposed, longer version of the twin-engine 777 that would carry as many as 450 passengers, a load previously handled only by four-engine jumbo jets, two of the people said. Launch Customer The carrier is the launch customer for the 787-10, the first Boeing jetliner to be manufactured solely at its new North Charleston, South Carolina, campus. Deliveries are slated to begin next year. Singapore Air’s unit Scoot flies the carbon-composite Dreamliners. Boeing is counting on the -10 to mirror the drama-free development of the 737 Max and 787-9 three years ago, products of a disciplined development process for new aircraft that was fashioned after the delay-plagued debut of the 787-8 five years ago. The new jet is the most expensive Dreamliner yet, with a list price of $306.1 million, and its market entry should coincide with increased profits for the 787. Singapore Air, which reported a 36 percent drop in net income for the quarter through December, said Tuesday that 2017 will be another challenging year amid “tepid global economic conditions and geopolitical concerns.” Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Union Budget 2017-18 focuses on wider tax compliance, says ClearTax Here's how you can save more income tax after the announcement made by FM in the current Budget Trending Now AIADMK Lok Sabha MPs join O Panneerselvam camp UP Election: BJP MP Sanjeev Balyan casts vote in Muzaffarnagar Puduchery government seeks Central relief of Rs 100 crores for drought relief West Bengal BJP gets hands on training in Uttar Pradesh election Donald Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover UP Election 2017: Congress common minimum programme focuses on employment, Dalits Pakistan Senate committee dissatisfied over government’s attitude on CPEC Shah Rukh, Aamir click first picture together in 25 years Chinese soldier returns home from India after five decades 30 per cent votes polled till noon in Uttar Pradesh SP-Cong alliance has shaken PM Narendra Modi’s confidence: Akhilesh Yadav  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: मुस्लिम इलाकों में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों तक नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: अखिलेश यादव और राहुल गांधी दिखा रहे हैं 'दोस्ताना' लेकिन इस सीट पर सपा और कांग्रेस हैं आमने-सामने Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Boeing Wins $13.8 Billion Wide-Body Jet Order From Singapore Air Bloomberg Julie Johnsson, Andrea Rothman and Benjamin Katz 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs © Kyunghee Park BC-SINGAPORE-AIR-HEDGING Boeing Co. won orders for 39 wide-body aircraft from Singapore Airlines Ltd. as Southeast Asia’s biggest long-distance carrier upgrades its fleet over the next decade with more fuel-efficient models in an effort to cut costs. Quotes in the article Singapore Airlines Ltd SINGY ▼ 13.99 -0.01 -0.07% Boeing Co BA ▲ 166.23 +1.95 +1.19% The airline agreed to buy 20 777-9s, which are set to debut at the decade’s end, and 19 787-10s, the longest Dreamliner model, for $13.8 billion at list prices that don’t reflect customary discounts, Singapore Air said in a statement on Thursday. Boeing was nearing an order for at least 35 wide-body aircraft from Singapore Air, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Those aircraft would be valued at $13.8 billion based on list prices, before the discounts that are customary in the industry. The order could be unveiled this week, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private. Deliveries of the jets will start as early as in the financial year ending March 2021, the carrier said, adding it also has options to buy six more of each of the two models. The new deal would provide a critical boost to two high-profile Boeing products amid a tough market for twin-aisle jets. The Chicago-based company has been working hard to land sales of its upgraded 777X family after twice announcing it would cut output of current models. The new aircraft will replace some of Singapore Air’s aging Boeing planes such as the 777-300ER, while giving the carrier’s low-cost units rights to jets not yet on the market. “Singapore is a deeply respected long-haul carrier, both in terms of brand quality and technical proficiency,” said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with Fairfax, Virginia-based Teal Group. “It would be a fantastic endorsement.” Shares of the airline rose 1.4 percent to S$9.94 on Thursday in Singapore trading before the announcement. Business Travelers Singapore Air has ordered 67 of the A350-900 jets, including an ultra-long range version, as it courts business travelers with non-stop service to markets such as New York and Los Angeles. The Asian carrier’s current fleet includes 10 A350s, which Airbus says consume 25 percent less fuel than Boeing’s 777 aircraft, with 57 more on order. The airline already has 30 787-10s on order, according to Boeing’s website. Singapore Air has also reviewed a proposed, longer version of the twin-engine 777 that would carry as many as 450 passengers, a load previously handled only by four-engine jumbo jets, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Buffeted by marquee Middle Eastern peers such as Emirates and regional budget operators, the only Asian carrier to have flown the Concorde has said it will maintain vigilance over its costs. Singapore Air, following two consecutive quarters of decline in profits, said Tuesday that 2017 will be another challenging year amid “tepid global economic conditions and geopolitical concerns.” The carrier is the launch customer for the 787-10, the first Boeing jetliner to be manufactured solely at its new North Charleston, South Carolina, campus. Deliveries are slated to begin next year. Singapore Air’s unit Scoot currently flies the carbon-composite 787-800 and 787-900 variants of the Dreamliners. --With assistance from Kyunghee Park To contact the reporters on this story: Julie Johnsson in Chicago at jjohnsson@bloomberg.net, Andrea Rothman in Toulouse at aerothman@bloomberg.net, Benjamin Katz in London at bkatz38@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Anand Krishnamoorthy at anandk@bloomberg.net, Sam Nagarajan ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Retail Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Retail Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Retail Login Subscribe From the editor Investigative journalism takes support from readers like you. Business Retail Nordstrom stock climbs despite tweet attack from Trump over Ivanka fashions Originally published February 8, 2017 at 8:17 pm Updated February 9, 2017 at 10:03 am President Trump’s Twitter attack on Seattle-based retailer Nordstrom sparked a momentary drop in its stock, but even as the brouhaha became a topic for a D.C. press conference, investors seemed to ignore Trump’s ire. Share story By Janet I. Tu Seattle Times business reporter President Trump must be sorely disappointed if he was hoping his Wednesday morning tweet blasting Nordstrom for dropping his daughter’s fashion line would drive the company’s share price down. Nordstrom’s stock rose 4 percent on a bizarre day that began with a midmorning tweet from Trump declaring, “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” The Seattle-based retailer’s shares dipped slightly but quickly bounced back to end the day solidly in positive territory — a switch from the pattern that has sent companies across America scurrying at the mere thought of a presidential brickbat via Twitter. “It seems to me the nation as a whole is adjusting to the new political realities. The possibility of a presidential tweet is probably not as much a shock to Nordstrom now as it was to Boeing a month ago,” said Patrick Schoettmer, an instructor in Seattle University’s political-science department. “It will lose its impact over time. And that fits in with a long line of research [that says] presidents can be really persuasive but only if they use their bully pulpit infrequently.” Related story Trump vs Nordstrom: The latest bout raising ethical concerns Many other retail stocks were also up Wednesday, including Macy’s, Kohl’s and JCPenney. Previous targets of Trump’s ire had seen their share prices dip. Lockheed Martin’s stock dropped 2 percent after his tweet lambasting the high price of the company’s fighter jets, while General Motors and Toyota both saw slight dips in their shares after Trump criticism, according to The Washington Post. But Nordstrom might be different as a consumer company that has most of its stores in urban Democratic strongholds, said Abhishek Borah, who teaches marketing and international business at the University of Washington’s Foster School of Business. Borah pointed to a 2014 Time magazine article that said Nordstrom “is vastly more concentrated in Democratic districts than Republican ones.” Investors might be calculating that Nordstrom’s customer base would likely not abandon the company because of Trump’s tweet, according to Borah. By contrast, Lockheed and Boeing are vulnerable as major government defense contractors, and the big manufacturers are wary of import taxes. Nordstrom’s decision to drop the Ivanka Trump line, and the subsequent president’s tweet, blew up into a national brouhaha Wednesday. Nordstrom said last week it would stop carrying Ivanka Trump merchandise for the moment, explaining that “based on the brand’s performance we’ve decided not to buy it for this season.” Nordstrom declined to say if the decision was permanent and noted it cuts a number of brands each year. Ivanka Trump’s label fired back, saying the brand saw a “significant” sales increase last year and that Nordstrom had purchased clothes from the line for this spring. A representative for the company told Bloomberg News that the collection would be available in 1,000 stores this year, up from about 800. Most Read Stories Appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump travel ban  WATCH Emirates says Seattle flight delayed 6 hours as Delta withheld $300 spare part Moving to Canada is no election-year joke anymore | Danny Westneat Seattle restaurant's sandwich board "congratchulayting" Betsy DeVos goes viral Seahawks sign former Vikings kicker Blair Walsh, which could spell the end for Steven HauschkaUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Nordstrom issued a statement Wednesday reiterating its decision was based on business, not politics. “Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn’t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now,” the company said. Nordstrom added that it’s talked with the Ivanka Trump team over the past year about the sales decline, and that she was “personally informed of our decision in early January.” The matter even found its way into Wednesday’s White House press briefing. When asked about the issue, White House press secretary Sean Spicer insisted Nordstrom’s decision was political and said the president had “every right” to post that tweet.“For people to take out their concern about his actions or his executive orders on members of his family — he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success,” Spicer said. Nordstrom’s co-presidents last week sent an email to their employees about President Trump’s executive order temporarily barring citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the U.S. The message talked about the company’s founding by immigrant John W. Nordstrom and how it values diversity and inclusion. Nordstrom said Wednesday that the email was not linked to the decision to drop the Ivanka Trump line. Neiman Marcus and Belk also reportedly are dropping the Ivanka Trump line from their stores. T.J. Maxx and Marshalls are reportedly distancing themselves from the brand, with employees at the stores getting instructions to throw away the brand’s signs and mix Ivanka Trump merchandise with other brands, according to The New York Times. Trump critics are pressuring Macy’s to drop the line as well. Reaction to President Trump’s tweet Wednesday was swift, with people tweeting such messages as: “.@realDonaldTrump Donald, what have we repeatedly said about using your office to influence the family business!” and “@realDonaldTrump You absolutely cannot use your office to punish companies who don’t want to do business with your family.” Others tweeted in support of the president, saying: “@realDonaldTrump It’s extraordinarily bigoted of @Nordstrom to drop @IvankaTrump clothing line for purely political reasons. Not okay.” Like much of Trump’s unconventional approach to his still-young presidency, his tweet tirades have drawn criticism from some observers of the institution. “Most people would say what Trump is doing is unusual. And most would say it’s problematic,” said Schoettmer. Janet I. Tu: 206-464-2272 or jtu@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @janettu. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story PCC tests curbside pickup of online orders in Bothell Previous Story Amazon rolls out free smart-home consultations Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
About DoD Buzz Twitter Facebook Military.com Sea Air Land Space Cyber International Intelligence Policy Industry Video Latest Headlines February 10, 2017 | Marines Want Their F-35s Up to Five Years Early February 9, 2017 | Budget Woes May Force Navy to Shutter Two Carrier Air Wings February 8, 2017 | Leonardo Rejoins Air Force T-X Bidding Without Raytheon February 8, 2017 | Congress Pricing Out Timelines to Build 355-Ship Navy February 7, 2017 | Top Air Force General OK with Fewer T-X Competitors Search for: Home Air Top Air Force General OK with Fewer T-X Competitors TOPICS:Air ForceBoeingDavid GoldfeinLockheed MartinSierra NevadaT-38T-XTalonTrainer The first of two production-ready aircraft built for the U.S. Air Force's advanced pilot training competition took to the skies over St. Louis Lambert International Airport, Dec. 21, 2016, for a successful first flight. (Boeing photo) Posted By: Oriana Pawlyk February 7, 2017 The Air Force’s top general said he wasn’t surprised by the departure of teams led by Northrop Grumman Corp. and Raytheon Co. from the competition to develop a new trainer aircraft. Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein said the decision by the Northrop-BAE Systems Plc and Raytheon-Leonardo SpA teams to leave the T-X program came after regular dialogue with industry partners — talks that he said made the request for proposal “more robust.” The process led to a series of updates to the request and allowed the service to more clearly spell out what it’s looking for in a new trainer to replace the T-38 Talon, he said. “What we tried new this time … we went through a number of draft request for proposals, and every time we went out with a draft, we got back from [industry] as intended an idea of what they have to deliver, and what they feel is a reasonable capability,” Goldfein said Tuesday at a breakfast with defense reporters in Washington, D.C. In total, the service received more than 1,300 recommendations from the defense industry, he said. The companies’ feedback led to an extended but ultimately more inclusive dialogue about what the service needs for its new trainer, he added. “Some of them along the way said, ‘You know what, now that we have a better sense of what the customer’s looking for, and what the other competitors have, we’re going to make a business decision not to jump into this race,’ ” he said. The general said he’s pleased the program remains competitive. “Right now, what we have is two competitors that have a very good sense of what we’re looking for — I’d be concerned if we only had one competitor … but as long as we’ve got a competition, and a really informed competition … I think we’re in a pretty good place,” he said. Goldfein didn’t specify which “two competitors” he was referring to, but the reference is noteworthy and may bolster a Bloomberg Government report that the Air Force competition is favoring defense giants Lockheed and Boeing. After all, as many as four competitors may still try to bid for the program — Boeing Co.-Saab; Lockheed Martin Corp.-Korea Aerospace Industries; Sierra Nevada Corp.-Turkish Aerospace; and Stavatti Aerospace Ltd., according to the BGOV report. The Air Force wants to buy 350 new trainers to replace the aging Talon, first produced by Northrop in 1959. Trainers prep pilots for “front-line fighter and bomber aircraft such as the F-15E Strike Eagle, F-15C Eagle, F-16 Fighting Falcon, B-1B Lancer, A-10 Thunderbolt and F-22 Raptor, according to the service. The Air Force announced Dec. 30 it began accepting bids for the contract, which is expected to be awarded this year. Before dropping out of the program, Northrop was the only aerospace company going up against Boeing Co. for a new, “clean-sheet” design, though other companies are working on modified designs of existing trainers. Before leaving, Raytheon and Leonardo were offering a modified design of the T-100 jet trainer. The Waltham, Massachusetts-based company known more for its missiles and the Italian defense company butted heads over Leonardo’s inability to drop costs by nearly a third, Defense News reported. Now, Boeing, collaborating with Saab, is the only team to offer a brand-new design. Lockheed and KAI are offering modification designs to the T-50. Sierra Nevada Corp. and Turkish Aerospace Industries are also reportedly partnering on their own design for a T-X trainer, one that could be more fuel-efficient, according to Aviation Week. Goldfein also said the T-X competition holds “great promise” for future acquisition programs by including an ability to credit contractors for supplying hardware for lower-than-expected costs. He said, “There are those things that we actually value above threshold that if you were able to deliver for a better price point, we will actually give you credit for bringing that [idea] in above threshold.” Previous post Next post About the Author Oriana Pawlyk Oriana Pawlyk is a reporter at Military.com. She can be reached at oriana.pawlyk@military.com. Follow her on Twitter at @Oriana0214. Related Articles Mattis Backs F-35 Stealth Fighter Criticized by Trump Air Force Wants a ‘Nerd Cyber Swat Team’ at Pentagon Afghan Air Force Poised to Receive First Batch of A-29 Aircraft Outgoing Weapons Buyer to Incoming Administration: Beware of Quick Fix Military.com on Facebook Most Popular Posts Twitter Feed Tweets by @Militarydotcom Recent Comments Fred Pollard on Hack of Ukrainian Power Grid Marks ‘New Territory,’ Analyst Says Valvatorez on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report FormerDirtDart on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience Chris on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience xxTomcatxx on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report Got a Hot Tip? Get the DoD Buzz Newsletter  RSS | Subscribe by email Twitter | Facebook Copyright Military.com 2017
Business Home LBoard Spooked by anti-China talk, Forest City developer courts other buyers FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Boeing front-runner for US$13.8 billion Singapore Airlines order Reuters | February 9, 2017 Singapore Airlines is looking at choosing 20 of the latest model of Boeing's 777, the 406-seat 777-9 over a stretched version of the Airbus A350. PARIS: Boeing Co is the front-runner for a Singapore Airlines Ltd order of at least 35 wide-body aircraft that could be valued at around US$13.8 billion at list prices, Bloomberg reported. A decision to go with Boeing would be a setback for Airbus Group, which plans to build a bigger version of its A350 although these plans have already been placed on hold amid uncertainty over demand for wide-body jets. Singapore Airlines is looking at choosing 20 of the latest model of Boeing’s 777, the 406-seat 777-9 over a stretched version of the Airbus A350, Bloomberg said, citing people familiar with the matter. It is also poised to take at least 19 of the longest Dreamliner model, the Boeing 787-10, it reported, adding that the order could be unveiled this week. Singapore Airlines said in a statement that it has discussions with aircraft manufacturers on a regular basis about its fleet requirements. “Such discussions are confidential until we have a firm deal to announce”, it said. Boeing declined to comment. Singapore Airlines has also reviewed a proposed version of the twin-engine 777 that would carry about 450 passengers, a load previously handled by four-engine jumbo jets only, Bloomberg said. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Pelajar dakwa dibelasah guru kerana tak berpakaian kemas Trump paints bleak picture as he rallies police chiefs ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Form Two girl admits to having many sex partners Too legit to quit… gangs try their hand at business Azmin stands his ground on ‘minister to resign’… It’s murder, so call it that, lawyers urge police Malaysia reaches for the moon, no, really, the real moon Name the minister or you’re lying, Najib tells Azmin Geely could steer Proton in right direction, says think-tank Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for… Hong Kong subway arson attack injures 18 Mideast investors getting wary of Malaysia, says Ideas ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Easy to blame picky grads, what about the bosses? Is it so hard to make a sex offenders list? Will China be a factor in the elections? The return of a convicted rapist Of paintbrushes and mindless enforcement Mengapa Melayu Islam perlu bantah usul PAS pinda akta syariah More... FMT Bahasa Sertai PH: PPBM beri PAS sebulan untuk buat keputusan 3 pesakit ‘virus misteri’ sah kena kencing tikus Mati dalam tahanan: Peguam desak klasifikasi kes bunuh Azmin sengaja buat cerita, kata Ismail Sabri Pelihara keharmonian negara, jangan iktiraf UEC, kata Perkasa Anifah tak letak jawatan, Azmin cuba bohongi rakyat, kata Zahid More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register January-February 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz All of the Reasons America's F-15 Fighter Still Dominates the Skies Kyle Mizokami February 8, 2017 TweetShareShare The USAF bought its last F-15 in 2001, but foreign sales have kept Boeing’s production line humming since. The company has twice in recent years tried to again attract the interest of the Air Force, first with the semi-stealthy Silent Eagle in 2010. In 2016, Boeing again introduced a new F-15, Eagle 2040C. Eagle 2040C is designed to carry up to sixteen AIM-120D AMRAAM radar-guided missiles, more than four times the original number. The Talon HATE datalink would allow the upgraded design to network with the F-22 Raptor. One concept of operation would have the stealthy—but relatively short on firepower—F-22 flying among enemy aircraft, passing on targeting information to a Eagle 2040C acting as a flying missile battery. For nearly three decades, the F-15 Eagle fighter was considered the undisputed king of the skies. Until the debut of its replacement, the F-22 Raptor, the F-15 was the U.S. Air Force’s frontline air superiority fighter. Even today, a modernized Eagle is still considered a formidable opponent, and manufacturer Boeing has proposed updated versions that could keep the airframe flying for the better part of a century. The F-15 traces its roots to the air war in Vietnam, and the inauspicious showing of American Air Force and Navy fighters versus their North Korean counterparts. Large, powerful American fighters, designed to tackle both air-to-air and air-to-ground missions, were performing poorly against their smaller, less powerful—but more maneuverable—North Vietnamese counterparts. The 13:1 kill ratio American fliers enjoyed in the Korean War dropped to an abysmal 1.5 to 1 kill ratio in Vietnam. Contemporary fighters, such as the F-4 Phantom, had been designed under the assumption that the air-to-air missile had rendered dogfights obsolete, and with them the need for superiority maneuverability and a gun for air combat. The U.S. Air Force decided it needed a dedicated air superiority fighter, one that combined two powerful engines, a powerful radar, a large number of missiles and a gun. Above all, it had to be maneuverable enough to win a dogfight. The Air Force issued a request for proposals for the new FX fighter in 1966, and no fewer than six companies submitted competing paper designs. No prototypes were built. The air service selected McDonnell Douglas (now a part of Boeing) in 1969, ordering 107 full-scale development planes. The F-15 was a formidable aircraft. Early versions were powered by two Pratt & Whitney F100-PW-100 afterburning turbofan engines, producing 14,500 pounds of static thrust—23,500 with afterburners. This gave the aircraft a thrust-to-weight ratio of greater than one, making it so powerful that it was the first fighter to exceed the speed of sound in vertical flight. The F-15 had so much thrust it could climb to sixty-five thousand feet in just 122 seconds. In horizontal flight, the F-15 could reach speeds of Mach 2.5, and cruise at speeds of Mach 0.9. The Eagle’s AN/APG-63 nose mounted radar was the most advanced of its day, a solid state radar with “look down/shoot down” capability and a range of up to 200 miles. This allowed the F-15 to pick out low-flying enemies on radar against the clutter generated by the ground. The radar was also the first to incorporate a programmable system processor, which allowed moderate upgrades to be done via software and not intrusive hardware updates. The Eagle was originally armed with four radar-guided AIM-7 Sparrow missiles for long-range engagements and four AIM-9 Sidewinder infrared guided missiles for short-range engagements. In the air war over Vietnam, USAF F-4C Phantoms, lacking a dedicated gun, missed several opportunities to down enemy aircraft. This was remedied in the F-15 by equipping the plane with an internal M61 Vulcan twenty-millimeter gatling gun. The F-15 was also designed with long range in mind. Carrying three six-hundred-pound fuel tanks, the F-15 had a range of three thousand miles, making it possible to fly from the continental United States to Europe without stopping or midair refueling. This would make it possible to quickly reinforce NATO air defenses in case of a crisis in Europe, and later would permit the Air Force to quickly dispatch F-15s to Saudi Arabia during Operation Desert Storm. The first F-15 prototypes flew in 1972, and serial production began in 1973. The plane rapidly began to populate both the U.S. Air Force and friendly air forces, including Israel, Japan and Saudi Arabia. The F-15’s first air-to-air kill was on June 27, when Israeli Air Force ace Moshe Melnik shot down a Syrian Air Force MiG-21 in his F-15A. Melnik would eventually down four aircraft from F-15As and F-15Cs, for a career total of eleven enemy fighters shot down. Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Kyle Mizokami Don't Take the Oil: Time to Ditch the Carter Doctrine Middle Eastern oil is no longer a vital national interest. Daniel L. Davis Can Trump Find an Israel-Palestine Solution? A pro-Israel reputation could let him create unexpected pressure on Netanyahu. Leon Hadar The Media's Self-Defeating Outrage over Trump and Russia A comparison is not the same thing as an equivalence. Daniel McCarthy Latest Issue January-February 2017 Trump Will Face a Cornucopia of Global Threats Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular The Simple Reason Why America's F-22 Stealth 'Raptor' Would Crush Russia's PAK-FA in a Fight Stealth, Super Bombs and Lasers: All of the Reason Iran Should Fear America's Military Why the Age of the Aircraft Carrier (At Almost 100 Years Old) Is Nowhere Near Over The U.S. Navy Needs a New Fighter (And Russia and China Are to Blame) Why No One Wants to Mess With Israel’s Air Force China Really Hates THAAD (But So Does Russia) Report: U.S. Navy Needs More Nuclear Attack Submarines and Smaller Aircraft Carriers Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Creating a new vision for sacred ground Bold changes needed to fix Children Protective Services Trump’s ‘new world,’ demand journalists’ ‘old’ values Dedmon's monster game one for the ages Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Busby family “shocked” that baby died so quickly Flu forces Medina ISD to close its schools Friday and Monday Gomez became a pastry maker after her husband’s death Convicted San Antonio killer gets 80 years in prison for shooting US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Powerful quake kills at least 6 in southern Philippines Poland's PM suffered "nothing serious" in car crash Indonesians at mass prayers urged to vote for Muslims More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases San Antonio woman sues over flesh-eating screwworms in Popeyes USAA member wins $1.8M verdict against USAA, Boerne company USAA opens Austin design studio Truck fire shuts down a well in Apache’s new ‘Alpine High’ Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Postgame Wrap Podcast: Leonard, Dedmon step up in win over Soccer: Friday’s high school results Boys basketball: Friday’s high school results Dedmon's monster game one for the ages Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Just a Taste: Shades of beige and shimmers of brilliance at San Antonio restaurant inspections: February 10, 2017 Old-time burger joint may be coming to the end of the line Texas taco expert makes the case for tacos as the official dish Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Mozart’s brilliance rises in concert Playhouse delays opening of 'Secret Garden' San Antonio will be getting its shot at ‘Hamilton’ Kidnap thriller ‘The Missing’ returns with shocking twists Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Tim Tebow makes surprise S.A. appearance ahead of 'unforgettable Annual studio-home tour features Woodlawn-area English cottage S.A.-area great, great grandma celebrates 107th birthday in style Gifts for your favorite traveling companion Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Dems should see — Gorsuch is the anti-Trump Your Turn: February 12 Time to end partisan judicial selection Creating a new vision for sacred ground Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Nissan introduces high-performance turbo Sentra models for 2017, Audi’s S3 sedan takes the A3 up a notch, with performance, Chrysler’s 2017 Pacifica plug-in hybrid minivan now available Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Hawaii may be breaking law by allowing foreign men to fish USAA opens Austin design studio Big utilities try to tilt solar energy market in their favor Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery Sitterle New Homes ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/article/Air-Force-One-in-Boeing-s-San-Antonio-shop-for-10918859.php Air Force One in Boeing’s San Antonio shop for maintenance Updated 10:22 pm, Wednesday, February 8, 2017 Photo: William Luther /San Antonio Express-News Image 1of/6 Caption Close Image 1 of 6 Air Force One sits outside Boeing Co.’s Port San Antonio maintenance facility this week. The modified Boeing 747, tail number 29000, commonly called Air Force One is seen Tuesday. Air Force One sits outside Boeing Co.’s Port San Antonio maintenance facility this week. The modified Boeing 747, tail number 29000, commonly called Air Force One is seen Tuesday. Photo: William Luther /San Antonio Express-News Image 2 of 6 Former President Barack Obama jokes with former President George W. Bush shortly after boarding Air Force One for the trip to South Africa, Dec. 9, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) Former President Barack Obama jokes with former President George W. Bush shortly after boarding Air Force One for the trip to South Africa, Dec. 9, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) Image 3 of 6 Former President Barack Obama jokes with former President George W. Bush shortly after boarding Air Force One for the trip to South Africa, Dec. 9, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) Former President Barack Obama jokes with former President George W. Bush shortly after boarding Air Force One for the trip to South Africa, Dec. 9, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) Image 4 of 6 Aboard Air Force One, former President Bush shows photos of his paintings to, from left, First Lady Michelle Obama, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Valerie Jarrett, National Security Advisor Susan E. Rice, Attorney General Eric Holder and former First Lady Laura Bush, Dec. 9, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) less Aboard Air Force One, former President Bush shows photos of his paintings to, from left, First Lady Michelle Obama, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Valerie Jarrett, National Security Advisor Susan E. ... more Image 5 of 6 The Bush's and Obama's board Air Force One in Johannesburg. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) The Bush's and Obama's board Air Force One in Johannesburg. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) Image 6 of 6 Former President Barack Obama jokes with former President George W. Bush shortly after boarding Air Force One for the trip to South Africa, Dec. 9, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) Former President Barack Obama jokes with former President George W. Bush shortly after boarding Air Force One for the trip to South Africa, Dec. 9, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) Air Force One in Boeing’s San Antonio shop for maintenance 1 / 6 Back to Gallery Air Force One is parked outside Boeing Co.’s Port San Antonio repair and maintenance facility this week. A Boeing spokesman in San Antonio wouldn’t say why the plane was in its repair facility due “to the nature of the program,” referring calls to the Air Force. Calls to the 89th Airlift Wing at Joint Base Andrews near Washington, D.C., and to the Air Force at the Pentagon were not returned. Boeing has the contract to do maintenance work on the executive fleet of aircraft used to carry high-ranking U.S. officials such as the president, vice president and cabinet members. The Air Force One designation actually is given to any Air Force aircraft carrying the president no matter the size or type of the plane. The Latest S.A. woman says chicken chain served her flesh-eating screwworms Football player makes surprise S.A. appearance Blood, black mold in S.A.'s dirtiest restaurants Federal agents conduct sweeping immigration enforcement raids... Advice from celebrities about love and marriage S.A. burger landmark may soon close its doors Abandoned Dutch prisons are being used to house refugees —... Houston Astros Owner Jim Crane Selling Golfer's Dream Home in... USAA member wins $1.8M verdict against USAA How to get a first crack at 'Hamilton’ when it visits S.A. Port Aransas paper shares incredible vintage photo of ferry... Current, former Spurs reunite in touching photo Tim Duncan spotted chilling in Chile Stars bet on Tony Parker spanking No mercy for disgraced Playboy Playmate in body shaming case Lady Gaga responds to body-shaming haters Actress responds to body shamers with bikini photo S.A. school districts with the most teacher sex investigations Ex-Austin teacher pleads guilty to sex with teens TX teachers accused, convicted of inappropriate relations with... See what you know about Rudy's Bar-B-Q Review: The BBQ worth waiting for in S.A. 20 great Texas BBQ joints that you didn't know existed Recent Breaking News Drivers blame each other after SUV spins 'like the teacups at... Affidavit details shocking alleged sexual assault of Austin... SAFD: Arson investigators looking into cause of fire at... 60-Second Clips Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries    Today's Deals from DealNews EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Sign Up for Text Alerts Most Popular 1 USAA member wins $1.8M verdict against USAA, Boerne company 2 San Antonio will be getting its shot at ‘Hamilton’ 3 SAPD: Shots fired in NE Side day care parking lot, gunmen flee 4 Body found in trunk in Universal City identified as... 5 San Antonio woman sues over flesh-eating screwworms in Popeyes... 6 Records: 63 S.A.-area teachers lost license from TEA probes of... 7 San Antonio named one of the 10 best places in the U.S. to... 8 Tim Tebow makes surprise S.A. appearance ahead of... 9 Top San Antonio TV station shuffling anchors 10 Old-time burger joint may be coming to the end of the line 11 Madison head football coach resigns after one season 12 'Once a Spur, always a Spur:' Boban, Beno Udrih reunite with... 13 A rape survivor and the man who raped her teamed up to write a... 14 Witnesses describe drug deal gone wrong, multiple guns pulled... 15 Sheriff: Wimberley man confesses to killing his wife, who... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Boeing Wins $13.8 Billion Deal in Boost to Newest 787 Dreamliner by Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson , Andrea Rothman @AEROisme More stories by Andrea Rothman , and Benjamin D Katz @_benkatz More stories by Benjamin D Katz February 8, 2017, 4:41 PM EST February 9, 2017, 12:08 PM EST Singapore Air upgrades fleet with more fuel-efficient planes Order adds as many as 51 787-10, 777X jetliners over decade Boeing Is Said to Be Singapore Airlines Order Frontrunner Boeing Co. won a deal for 39 long-range aircraft from Singapore Airlines Ltd. as the airline upgrades its fleet over the next decade with more fuel-efficient models and doubles down on the planemaker’s newest 787 Dreamliner.   The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The carrier, which is the launch customer for the 787-10, signed a letter of intent for an additional 19 of the Dreamliner variant ahead of the jet’s public unveiling as early as next week. Singapore is also ordering 20 777-9s, which are set to debut at the decade’s end. The deal is valued at $13.8 billion at list prices that don’t reflect customary discounts, Singapore said in a statement Thursday. The order gives a boost to Boeing’s largest, most expensive and slowest-selling 787 Dreamliner. Boeing has garnered 149 total orders for the -10, which retails for $306.1 million each. Southeast Asia’s leading long-distance carrier is known as a shrewd buyer and its fleet decisions influence other airlines, said Jefferies analyst Howard Rubel. “The carrier is a demanding customer, and its fleet decisions usually define market trends in the intermediate term,” he wrote in note to investors. “It probably underscores the airline’s confidence in the company’s ability to deliver the plane’s operating efficiencies.” Important Endorsement Boeing also gains an important endorsement for its upgraded 777, the first twin-engine plane built to haul more than 400 passengers. The Chicago-based company has redoubled 777X sales efforts after twice announcing it would cut output of current models. The new aircraft will replace some of Singapore’s aging wide-bodies, including its A380 superjumbo jets from Airbus Group SE, Rubel said. Deliveries of the jets will start as early as in the financial year ending March 2021, according to Singapore. The airline also holds purchase rights that could bring the order total to 51 aircraft. The carrier has also reviewed a proposed, longer version of the twin-engine 777 that would carry as many as 450 passengers, a behemoth aimed at delivering a knock-out blow to the Airbus A380, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday. Boeing’s shares rose less than 1 percent to $164.59 at 11:40 a.m. in New York. Singapore’s stock advanced 1.4 percent to close at S$9.94 in Singapore, before the order was announced. Read More: Singapore Air extends jet fuel hedging Business Travelers Singapore has ordered 67 of Airbus’s A350-900 jets, including an ultra-long range version, as it courts business travelers with nonstop service to markets such as New York and Los Angeles. The Asian carrier’s fleet includes 10 A350s, with 57 more on order. The airline already has 30 787-10s on order. Buffeted by marquee Middle Eastern peers such as  Emirates and regional budget operators, the only Asian carrier to have flown the supersonic Concorde has said it will maintain vigilance over costs. Singapore Air, following two consecutive quarters of decline in profits, said Tuesday that 2017 will be another challenging year amid “tepid global economic conditions and geopolitical concerns.” The 787-10 is the first Boeing jetliner to be manufactured solely at a new North Charleston, South Carolina, campus. Deliveries are expected to start next year. Singapore’s unit Scoot flies the carbon-composite 787-800 and 787-900 variants of the Dreamliners. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Commercial Aviation > ALPA Pushes Trump To Oppose NAI Permit You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN ALPA Pushes Trump To Oppose NAI Permit Feb 8, 2017 Madhu Unnikrishnan | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 21 Getty Images As U.S. President Donald Trump prepares for a White House meeting Feb. 9 with airline and airport industry leaders, the Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA) has pressed its case for the administration to revoke Norwegian Air International’s (NAI) permit to fly to the U.S. ALPA contends that the Obama administration “gave away the store—and American jobs” when it granted NAI’s foreign air carrier permit late in 2016. ALPA President Tim Canoll said the union is ... REGISTER FOR FREE ACCESS (Valid Email Required) Register now for free access to "ALPA Pushes Trump To Oppose NAI Permit" and other premium content selected daily by our editors. Your free registration will also allow you to comment on any article posted to Aviationweek.com.   Current magazine subscribers: digital access to articles associated with your subscription are now included at no added charge to you. Simply use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   REGISTER Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 21 VADM on Feb 9, 2017 Is this the same ALPA that has heavily supported Democrats in the election process for decades? Log In or Register to post comments randyjet on Feb 9, 2017 SO WHAT? Those are still American jobs going away, and they are not Democrat or Republican jobs. Only crass political hacks think of party FIRST and foremost. Trump already has that as his program. We need to press him to live up to his promises. Log In or Register to post comments Benakay on Feb 9, 2017 @ VADM... and your point is? Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement monnides on Feb 9, 2017 Trump is an insane person he should be impeached.................the sooner the better before he makes more damage to the country Log In or Register to post comments knigh376@yahoo.co.in on Feb 9, 2017 i totally agree with you Monnides that Trump is an insane person, the only question is how insane he is! and how insane he was!. i am not a fan of Trump, all i care about is truth. earlier he was a business man, do you know how many people he employed, how many of them are Americans and how many of the them are foreigners and how many of them he fired without proper reason. earlier his company was his country and his employees his people. as far as my knowledge is concerned he took care of his employees well, if not they may not have supported him. as a president he should think about his country and people first, next rest of the world. his intentions and actions clearly reflects that. reasons as mentioned below ; 1. he banned 7 muslim countries people entering in to US, almost 70-80% of the attacks happened in the US for the last 10years were carried out by the people who came from these 7 countries. is it wrong to think about the safety of his fellow Americans. 2. he said he will build a wall on the Mexican border, whats wrong in securing American borders. why should US give a chance to illegal Mexican immigrants to enter in to US. 3. he said he will restrict Foreign Worker Visas. American companies are habituated of using cheap foreign labor instead of giving employment to their fellow Americans because of high wages and labor laws. at least due to this restriction Trump may have thought companies will decrease hiring foreigners and give jobs to its own people, i don't see any wrong it. in my view i don't see any insanity in newly elected American President Donald Trump. would you please explain what makes you think he is an insane person, again i am no way his fan however, i am just eager to know why some people are opposing and hating him so much. Log In or Register to post comments Tommy on Feb 9, 2017 How about cutting the political rubbish out and commenting on the subject matter if the article? Log In or Register to post comments knigh376@yahoo.co.in on Feb 10, 2017 the issue itself is political Tommy, ALPA & A4A are meeting with the President Trump and lobbying with the congress for political reasons only, if else they may have find a way how to face the competition and provide best service possible to its passengers so as they chose only American carriers instead of foreign carriers. Log In or Register to post comments Tommy on Feb 10, 2017 If that's what you think, then talk about the issue instead of posting a long-winded rant on Trump. You only come off as a typical, sore-loser liberal. Log In or Register to post comments monnides on Feb 10, 2017 To: knight376@yahoo.co.in no 1: the people from those 7 countries can get passport very easily from another middle east country and walk to the U.S. This approach will generate higher risk of terrorism from muslims already in the U.S. or other muslims countries. no:2: A wall will not prevent any Mexican entries in the U.S. even if it is electrify with 750,000 volts. All they have to do is used a wooden ladder and jump over unless they put guards every 5 feet on the American side. no 3 : you may have a point there. Why are people opposed and hate Trump it is not because his policies it is mainly his attitude as a person, insulting people right left and center, make very sexist remarks ( the locker room comments ) following are other comments he made during debates or on twitter: • I WILL BE THE GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER ( pretentious ) • I AM A SMART GUY, THE SMARTEST IN THE WORLD ( pretentious ) • HOW STUPID ARE THE PEOPLE OF IOWA ( he lost iowa in the primary ) • JOHN MCCAIN IS NO HERO (SPEECH) • LOOK AT THAT FACE NOT PRESIDENTIAL ( CARLY FIORINA ) • PARIS IS THE CAPITAL OF GERMANY (TWITTER) • IF YOU ARE NOT VOTING FOR ME, DO NOT VOTE. • HILLARY WENT TO THE WASHROOM DURING THE DEMOCRATIC DEBATE WHAT WAS SHE DOING THERE • JEB BUSH IS A CRAZY MAN • IF I KILLED SOMEONE ON A NYC STREET I WILL NOT LOSE ONE VOTE • ARAB AMERICANS CHEERED THE ATTACK OF 9/11 (NOT TRUE) • WE SHOULD KILL THE FAMILIES OF TERRORIST. • I WILL NOT DISAWOV THE KLU KLUX KLAN, I DON’T KNOW WHO THEY ARE • CARSON IS A CHILD MOLESTER • MUSLIMS SHOULD WEAR SPECIAL ID BATCHES. • I HAVE BEEN ASKED TO VISIT 10 DOWNING STREET ( NOT TRUE ) • CLIMATE CHANGE IS A HOAX • TO THE NEW MAYOR OF LONDON: WHAT IS YOUR IQ (SPEECH) • OBAMA AND CLINTON FOUNDED ISIS (SPEECH) This is why people hates him, he is not presidential , Log In or Register to post comments Big Phil on Feb 9, 2017 So which of Delta, American, United do you want the EU to withdraw the right to fly to Europe from?? Norwegian has 40 787 on order or delivered and 100 737 in use with 200 on order and already employs 500 crew in the US !! Next up Europe should insist on 50% of all flights to Europe are flown by EU nationals The American unions really need to leave the myopic gold fish bowl in which they swim Log In or Register to post comments knigh376@yahoo.co.in on Feb 9, 2017 the big question whether Trump will support ALPA or A4A depends upon mostly on one question! what exactly American people want. if Trump supports ALPA & A4A and restrict foreign airlines entering into in US market, then it will definitely help decrease competition which in turn help American Carriers increase their airfares which will directly affect common American citizens. Already there is a big unhappiness & unrest among Americans who were unable to digest Trump as president. this move by Trump will definitely give his opposition an opportunity to increase protests and disturb law & order for which they are waiting for. one thing is absolutely clear Americans are not willing to pay more for their airfares, if Trump supports ALPA & A4A and help them raise their airfares which will hurt common Americans pockets who elected him, it will do more harm than good to him. ALPA & A4A are not interested in common Americans welfare. all they want is restrict their competition in any way possible and make more money. they are just business men not social servants, its better for Trump not to support them. Log In or Register to post comments DavidFitzgerald... on Feb 9, 2017 If NAI is allowed to stand, it will decimate the domestic airline industry, very similar to the US maritime industry. Promises to hire American crews are just that, only promises. One airline hiring 50% American can never make up for the tens of thousands of jobs lost to multiple carriers in the US. If NAI stands, there will be many more copy cats, and the US airline industry will disappear. There is no way the number of airline jobs that we have now, and would be lost, could ever compare to Boeing selling a few dozen planes. Today we will see if Trump will back up his campaign statement, "America First." Log In or Register to post comments Doubting Thomas on Feb 9, 2017 How can these upstart Europeans be allowed to cram their passengers on airplanes in a profitable fashion? That is a privilege that should be reserved for true US airlines who have successfully emerged from bankrupcy! Log In or Register to post comments niio on Feb 9, 2017 The ALPA has no credibility in my book. Any union having members who make a quarter of a million dollars for less than 1000 flight hours a year, arguing for reduced competition and higher consumer prices gets no sympathy from me. This government created artificial monopoly has done more to damage pilot job creation in the US than Norwegian ever will. Log In or Register to post comments Dolomite on Feb 9, 2017 You guys resorting to name calling prove your incompetence to engage in a civil debate. You belong to the democrat mob at the soup kitchen. Just low class. The article is not about impeachment, or maybe the elevator doesn't go all the way up? Log In or Register to post comments claes.eriksson@... on Feb 10, 2017 The US/EU should look at Irish aircraft staffing rules instead. Their rules differ from the rest of the EU and Ryanair had used it to great advantage, now Norwegian want to do the same and fly to the US. It is similar to Irish tax rules for US multinationals setting up EU HQ's in Ireland and paying tax there. Making Ireland chose of follow EU standards or being kicked out of the EU. Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Feb 10, 2017 "Trump is an insane person he should be impeached" - monnides For what? Simply being unliked is not cause for impeachment. "The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other High crimes and Misdemeanors." - Article II, Section 4 US Constitution. Insanity is not a high crime or misdemeanor. Log In or Register to post comments monnides on Feb 10, 2017 Mark, just read my comments above to knight376@yahoo.co.in. If you believe such a character should be President you don't have much more class that Trump. He insult everybody around, complaint on trivial issues. cannot accept criticism. Typical Trump supporter you ignore what does not suit you. Are we going to accept such a clown for 4 years.......... Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Feb 11, 2017 Being a sociopath mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/antisocial-personality-disorder/home/ovc-20198975 is not an impeachable offense. Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Feb 10, 2017 "So which of Delta, American, United do you want the EU to withdraw the right to fly to Europe from??" - Big Phil Exactly. Part and parcel with Airline Deregulation, Open Skies became a US foreign policy objective with the pursuit of bi- and multilateral agreements to allow open access to other countries airports. The EU–US Open Skies Agreement was negotiated under George W. Bush, signed in 2007 and phase two was signed in 2010. I did not hear the ALPA complaining when US airlines (and union jobs) expanded into international commerce as a result. Log In or Register to post comments shelly on Feb 10, 2017 I still do not understand where exactly NAI is any worse than airlines such as Swiss, KLM and Lufthansa that use pilots from their own countries and fly mostly Airbus to/from the US? Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles DOT Approves NAI Over Labor’s Protests   NUK’s U.S. Foreign Air Carrier Permit Still Pending   Congress Appears To Change Course On Language Opposing NAI   Norwegian Accelerates Long-haul Expansion After U.S. Ruling   Unions Using Dreamjet Application As Proxy In NAI Battle   Advertisement Commercial Aviation: Market Briefing A subscription to Aviation Daily is required to access these stories.   Air Canada Redesign Builds On Past Transformation  The $121 Billion Economic Hit President Trump Must Prevent  Air France Rearranges CDG Banks  Appeals Court Rules Against Trump’s Travel Ban  Airbus, Gilat In Conformal Ka‑Band Connectivity Project  Indigo Plans New ULCC In Chile  Lockheed Unveils Commercial Freighter Version of C-130J  Trump, Meeting Airline CEOs, Vows To Fix ATC System    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Data & Financials > Airline Financials > Alaska 2016 profit down 4%; evaluating Virgin America A320s Alaska 2016 profit down 4%; evaluating Virgin America A320s Feb 8, 2017 Aaron Karp EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Virgin America A320 Rob Finlayson Related Media Photo Gallery: This Week in Aviation-Feb. 6-10, 2017 Advertisement Alaska Air Group will spend the next 6-9 months evaluating Virgin America’s Airbus A320 fleet to determine whether it will keep the aircraft long term, according to Alaska chairman and CEO Brad Tilden. The fleet evaluation plan was revealed as Alaska, which acquired Virgin America in December 2016, reported a 2016 net profit of $814 million, down 4% from net income of $848 million in 2015. It marked Alaska’s 13th straight annual profit. Alaska’s 2016 results include Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air, as well as Virgin America from Dec. 14-Dec. 31. As Tilden noted, Alaska has long been “proudly all-Boeing,” operating an all-737 mainline fleet. It now has inherited Virgin America’s fleet of 10 A319s and 53 A320s, most of which are leased, meaning it would not be too onerous to phase out the Airbus fleet. Tilden said Alaska wants to spend the next 6-9 months studying the Airbus aircraft. “We’re going to go through a process in 2017 where we make a decision” about Virgin America’s fleet, Tilden said. “We’ll certainly talk with Boeing and Airbus as we go through that process.” Virgin America is set to take delivery of 10 A321neos over the next two years, and Alaska CFO Brandon Pedersen said Virgin America “will take some number of A321neos” in 2017 and 2018. But Alaska is talking with Airbus and lessor GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) about reducing the number of deliveries, he said. Given that the A321neo is just entering service, Tilden said Alaska does not want to get too distracted by a new aircraft as it evaluates Virgin America’s existing A320 fleet. Alaska wants to “sort of reduce that commitment [to the 10 A321neos], or put [those deliveries] off a bit, while we go through this [A320 evaluation] process,” he explained. Alaska Airlines, meanwhile, is set to take delivery of 12 737-900ERs, while retiring 10 737-400s, in 2017. Alaska’s 2016 revenue rose 6% year-over-year to $5.9 billion while expenses increased 7% to $4.6 billion, producing operating income of $1.35 billion, up 4% over an operating profit of $1.3 billion in 2015. Alaska’s 2016 consolidated traffic increased 10.8% year-over-year to 37.2 billion RPMs on a 10.6% lift in capacity to 44.1 billion ASMs, producing a load factor of 84.3%, up 0.2 point. Yield fell 5.7% to 14.5 cents. Alaska executives indicated that they will announce a decision in March regarding the long-term fate of the Virgin America brand. Aaron Karp aaron.karp@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Five factors determining whether Alaska keeps Virgin America’s A320s 8 Alaska: SFO, LAX assets key in $4 billion deal to buy Virgin America   Virgin America posts $52 million 3Q net profit   Virgin America posts $38 million 2Q net profit   A4A: Major US airlines had 14.6% pre-tax profit margin in 2015   Blogs & Commentary Jan 30, 2017 blog Protesters at Washington Dulles are happy, well behaved I took an international flight out of Washington Dulles Sunday evening so stepped down to the international arrivals lounge curious to see what was happening in light of the Trump travel ban that ignited protests over the weekend....More Jan 24, 2017 blog Alitalia, the airline that broke the camel’s back? Can Alitalia ever be a good-news story? It appears not for Etihad Airways, the Abu Dhabi-based airline that has become the latest in a line of companies to see potential in the Italian flag carrier but for whom good news seems an increasingly distant prospect....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Feb 9, 2017 Article ATW Plus Europe working on ATC strike guidelines   Europe’s airlines, air navigation service providers (ANSP) and regulators are working on a set of guidelines to minimize the impact of disruptive air traffic control (ATC) strikes....More Feb 3, 2017 Article Lufthansa embraces data analysis to offer passengers customized service Lufthansa Group is aiming to offer passengers service “personalized on a silver tray” by utilizing “predictive analytics” to determine what offerings individual customers want, a senior executive said....More Feb 3, 2017 Article Lufthansa unveils first A350 XWB with new cabin interior Lufthansa unveiled the first of 25 Airbus A350-900s Feb. 2 in Munich after Lufthansa Technik completed the cabin installation....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to content &n=abab4b2c’ border=’0′ alt=” /> Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management Air Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Transportation &n=abab4b2c’ border=’0′ alt=” /> To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now How to Reduce Aviation Emissions, On the Ground and In the Sky February 8, 2017February 9, 2017 by Jessica Lyons Hardcastle The number of commercial airplanes in service is projected to nearly double by 2030. At the same time, international agreements and individual countries’ laws require the aviation industry to reduce carbon emissions. Advances in biofuel infrastructure and ground-based operations can help the aviation industry comply with strict emissions limits and save money on fuel, according to two new studies. One study, released by Boeing, Alaska Airlines and the Port of Seattle, identifies the best infrastructure options for delivering aviation biofuel to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. The airport has set a goal to power every flight at Sea-Tac with sustainable aviation biofuel, which reduces carbon dioxide emissions by 50 to 80 percent compared to fossil fuel, and says it is among the first airports in North America to work with aviation, energy and research partners to evaluate all aspects to developing a commercial-scale program from scratch. Biofuels will be key to achieving the aviation industry’s pledge to cut CO2 emissions to 0.2 billion tons (GT) in 2050 — half the 2005 figure — as opposed to the 2.1 GT projected by current growth rates, according to Lux Research. The Sea-Tac study evaluated more than 30 sites around Washington State that could potentially support the receipt, blending, storage, and delivery infrastructure required to supply Sea-Tac Airport with up to 50 million gallons per year of sustainable aviation biofuel. Potential sites were evaluated both for the ability to accommodate near-term (12-18 months) supplies of 5 million gallons per year and long-term (2-10 years) supplies of more than 50 million gallons per year. It found: A small biofuel receiving and blending facility at the Sea-Tac Airport Fuel Farm is the most cost-effective solution in the short term; The Anacortes-area refineries are the most cost-effective options for large volumes of aviation biofuel over the long term due to their access to marine, rail, truck, and the Olympic Pipeline; and The Phillips 66/Olympic Pipeline Company sites in Renton also showed potential to accommodate receipt and blending facilities for moderate-to-large biofuel volumes over the long term. “Commercial aviation is committed to reducing the industry’s carbon footprint, and biofuels are key to achieving that goal,” said Ellie Wood, regional director of environmental strategy for Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “We’re encouraged that this study shows the viability of making a biofuel blend available to every flight at Sea-Tac Airport.” Another study, this one by United Technologies Corporation, says efforts being made “on the ground” will also play a major role in helping the aviation industry met its aggressive carbon goals. This includes technology advances such as additive manufacturing — or 3D prining — that can reduce a part’s “buy-to-fly” ratio by 90 percent, along with nanomaterials that allow for weight reduction and better performance, writes UTC chief sustainability officer John Mandyck in a blog post about the new study. He says carbon neutral airports will also improve the industry’s emissions performance: “At San Diego International Airport’s Terminal 2, for example, performance enhancements included high-performance glazing, on-site solar power, low-flow fixtures for water conservation, and the diversion of more than 90 percent of construction waste from landfills. The terminal is the world’s first to be certified LEED Platinum.” And last summer, Dallas Fort Worth International Airport became the first carbon neutral airport in North America by switching to renewable energy sources and converting its bus fleet to compressed natural gas vehicles, among other low-carbon initiatives. Additionally, aerospace factories that focus on more efficient operations, new production technologies and sustainable supply chains will also advance the industry’s long-term sustainability, Mandyck writes, citing UTC’s success in reducing greenhouse gasses 34 percent and water use 57 percent while tripling revenues over the last 20 years. Categories Air, TransportationTags Alaska Airlines, Aviation, Biofuel, Boeing, Dallas Fort Worth International Airport, Port of Seattle, San Diego International Airport, Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, United Technologies Corporation Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Daily) Recycling & Waste Reduction Report (Weekly) Retail Energy Buyer Newsletter (Weekly) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Daily) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) &n=abab4b2c’ border=’1′ alt=” /> &n=abab4b2c’ border=’1′ alt=” /> Best Practices Managing Change in Environmental Reporting and Compliance Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Leveraging EHS Software in Support of Culture Changes Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Top 10 Steps for a Successful EMIS Project Sponsored By: Sphera Solutions 10 Things you Need to Know about EPA R22 Phaseout Sponsored By: Sphera Solutions Drive Operational Excellence with Compliance Assurance Sponsored By: Sphera Solutions View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations... ON DEMAND WEBINARS Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information... From Compliance to Pro-Active Safety with Mobility: Best... EHS Implementation Success is a Team Sport Comparing Energy Leaders on EMIS and Environmental Performance Improve Performance & Reduce Risk with Environmental, Health... See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE | SUBSCRIBE © Copyright 2017 Environmental Leader ® is a registered trademark of Business Sector Media LLC. Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
02112017Sat                                            English-French IranFocus Home Iran Iran (General) Nuclear Human Rights Women Intelligence Reports Terrorism Exclusive Reports Life in Iran Nuclear Iran & Neighbours Iraq Afghanistan Syria Economy Tehran Grapevine Opinion Iran in the World Press Editorial Op-Ed Multimedia Blog Intelligence Reports Iranian malware attacks Mac and PC computers; infiltrates US Defence Department Details Intelligence Reports 08 February 2017 Print Email Twitter Iran Focus London, 8 Feb - Security researchers are warning that Iranian hackers may be trying to target the US Defence Department and their industry colleagues, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon and Boeing. Claudio Guarnieri and Collin Anderson, who are researching Iranian threats of cyber-espionage, found the malware (MacDownloader) on a website which spoofed the U.S. aerospace company United Technologies. Visitors to the fake site, which the researchers believe to be owned by Iranian hackers, are taken to a page about free programs and courses for employees of the U.S. defence companies Lockheed Martin, Raytheon and Boeing. They are asked to download Adobe Flash to watch an embedded video, which is when the malware attacks your computer. It profiles your computer, stealing credentials by creating fake login boxes which employees would put their work IDs into. Thankfully, the malware is believed to be the first attempt by an amateur; it has numerous spelling and grammar mistakes and failed to run a script which would download additional malicious coding. However, it still managed to avoid detection by an antivirus engine. Guarnieri and Anderson found evidence that the hacker may be Iranian because the uploader used wireless networks called "Jok3r" and "mb_1986", which are linked to Iranian hacking groups. Anderson also noted that the malware had been used to attack a human rights activist, which is troubling because many activists in Iran are dependent on Apple devices. Guarnieri and Anderson wrote in their report: "While this [malware] is neither sophisticated nor full-featured, its sudden appearance is concerning given the popularity of Apple computers." Search search Two prisoners were hanged in Sarpol-e Zahab (western Iran) Iran: ُHorrible scene of a family trapped in a car, swallowed by flood in Sistan & Baluchestan Iran: Tehran's Iconic High-Rise (Plasco Building) Collapsed Due to Fire More than 1,500 retired teachers held a protest gathering in front of Iran Regime's parliament Iran: Execution of four young men in public in Qeshm- 23 November The untold story of the 1988 Massacre in Iran Reyhaneh Jabbari's will Her voice recording from inside prison Public execution in Kazerun, Iran - August 11, 2016 blog Censorship Kills: Remembering Sattar Behesthi The New Orientalism: Iran as a Political Commodit... Iran Freedom Convention Makes Global Impact Other Articles Iran Echo Chamber Demonizes Dissidents Iran Launches New Wave of Repression Despite Facad... About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 43-55 We set you thinking Saturday 11 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Lifestyle Candy-tasting job isn’t always so sweet 1486804605 World U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya 1486803025 World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure 1486803116 China&India Guangzhou says many poultry markets infected with bird flu 1486803706 World UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims 1486802710 World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension 1486802822 World Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 1486801218 World Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for Muslim governor 1486791471 World Freedom granted to Canadian man who beheaded and cannibalised fellow bus passenger 1486799801 World Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo life-saving surgery in US after Trump travel ban lifted 1486798606 World Islamic State fighter is first Australian stripped of citizenship: report 1486794545 World China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain 1486794850 World Johor’s Forest City seeks to diversify ownership amid Chinese dominance: Report 1486795608 World Trump says considering ‘brand new’ immigration order 1486795309 World In welcoming Shinzo Abe, Trump affirms US commitment to defending Japan 1486792904 World New top U.S. diplomat plays central role in Trump's China shift 1486787275 World Paraguay gives remains of military dictatorship victims to families 1486786950 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion 1486786799 Business Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI 1486756330 Singapore Police looking into allegedly inappropriate comments made by officer 1486745940 Singapore Four winners share S$12 million prize in TOTO Hongbao draw 1486733400 Voices Consider top-ups for SkillsFuture Credit 1486756920 Sports More power in shots, better control of the ball 1486737360 Singapore Rail network hit by 3 disruptions in a day 1486745160 Business UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' 1486778193 Singapore The Big Read: CFE’s focus on strategy, not schemes, a sign of the times 1486745760 World Brazil's Espirito Santo state says reaches deal to end police strike 1486776016 World Germany says U.S. demand for more NATO burden-sharing is 'fair' 1486774742 Business Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums 1486766285 Business Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business 1486774129 World Trump to Iran's Rouhani: Better be careful 1486772644 World Brazil's former richest man to stand trial on corruption charges 1486769788 World Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide 1486768421 Business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case 1486770654 World Polish PM flown to Warsaw hospital after car crash 1486765409 World Syrian dissident says war 'over' as states cut aid to rebels 1486771379 Business Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms 1486767999 World After daring voyage to U.S., Haitians' dreams end in deportation 1486767302 World U.S. strike in Iraq targets Islamic State militant from France 1486766579 World Stampede at Angolan stadium kills 17, injures scores 1486767452 World Brazil Supreme Court judge calls for drugs legalization to beat gangs 1486766790 World France watches skies for Russian wargames, domestic drone threat 1486749124 Business Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes 1486767577 World Brazil judge approves promotion of Temer ally with legal caveat 1486764709 World Libya mayors say Europe's migration crisis should not be dumped on them 1486763329 Business Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy 1486762886 Business Trump tax cut talk, China data spur risk rally 1486759326 World Peru says wanted ex-president likely in U.S., may flee to Israel 1486756134 World Nigeria's anti-graft body seizes $9.8 million from state oil firm ex-boss 1486756988 World Peru asks world to help find fugitive ex-president Toledo 1486761389 Business Brazil challenges Canada at WTO over Bombardier funding mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:10 AM, February 9, 2017 Updated: 8:50 AM, February 9, 2017 SAO PAULO/BRASILIA - Brazil opened a formal complaint against Canada at the World Trade Organization (WTO) on Wednesday, accusing the country of distorting the global aerospace industry with subsidies for planemaker Bombardier Inc <BBDb.TO>. Brazil has threatened for months to open the WTO dispute, arguing that support for Bombardier's new CSeries was undercutting the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer SA <EMBR3.SA>. The case builds on decades of antagonism between the two regional jet makers and echoes arguments in the world's largest trade dispute, a transatlantic spat over government support for Boeing Co <BA.N> and Airbus Group SE <AIR.PA>. Brazil's action came on the heels of fresh support for Bombardier on Tuesday in the form of interest-free loans worth C$373 million ($283 million) from the Canadian government. Canada's Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne said the loans complied with WTO rules and the government would defend itself against litigation. Brazil's Foreign Ministry criticized "at least $2.5 billion in government support" for the Canadian planemaker last year and a senior official said the complaint would include the loans announced on Tuesday. "It is the understanding of Brazil that these Canadian subsidies artificially affect international competitiveness," the ministry said in a statement. The province of Quebec, where Bombardier is based, injected $1 billion into the company's CSeries program last year. The province's largest pension fund also invested $1.5 billion in the company's rail unit. Embraer Chief Executive Officer Paulo Cesar Silva said in a statement that the ongoing cash injections "have not only been fundamental in the development and survival of the CSeries program, but have also allowed Bombardier to offer its aircraft at artificially low prices." STEEP DELTA DISCOUNT Last year, Bombardier scored an order from Delta Air Lines Inc <DAL.N> for 75 CSeries jets, worth some $5.6 billion at list prices, beating out Embraer's competing E-Jets with below break-even prices, according to the Brazilians. Two sources familiar with the deal said Bombardier offered a roughly two-thirds discount to win the order, its biggest to date for the fledgling CSeries program. Bombardier booked a $500 million "onerous contract" charge related to that Delta order and a separate deal with Air Canada <AC.TO>. Carlos Cozendey, undersecretary for economic affairs at Brazil's Foreign Ministry, said that subsidies had been key in helping Bombardier win the Delta contract and could influence more sales campaigns this year. Bombardier pushed back on Wednesday, calling the government support a standard practice in the global aerospace industry. "All forms of support provided to Bombardier, including the repayable program contributions announced by the federal government yesterday and the investment from the Quebec government... are fully compliant with Canada's international trade obligations," Bombardier said in a statement. The company compared that funding to loans for Embraer from Brazil's state development bank BNDES and an investment by the Brazilian Air Force in Embraer's new military cargo jet. "The aerospace industry is heavily subsidized around the world," said lawyer Renata Amaral, head of the international trade practice at Brazilian firm Barral M Jorge & Associates. "The problem is when subsidies reach a degree that starts creating distortions in the market." Amaral, who has advised Brazil on previous WTO cases, said that a decision on the current dispute was likely to stretch into 2018. Both countries now have up to 60 days to try to settle the dispute before the WTO convenes a panel of experts to help make a ruling in the case. BUILDING ON PRECEDENT The latest WTO standoff follows nearly a decade of sparring between Brazil and Canada over state financing for Embraer and Bombardier's exports in the 1990s. However, the current dispute is closer in substance to the clash between the United States and the European Union over allegedly unfair support for Boeing and Airbus. Brazil will aim to build on a partial U.S. victory in that case, which focused on comparing public financing for aircraft development with private-sector benchmarks to determine whether the loans constituted improper subsidies. The WTO ruled that loans to Airbus were unfair but stopped short of putting them in the worst category of "prohibited" aid. The dispute, which started more than a decade ago, has still not completed a lengthy WTO compliance process. Cozendey, of Brazil's foreign ministry, said that precedent strengthened the argument against Canadian subsidies. Brazil will argue that some of Canada's measures are "prohibited" under international trade law, while others are not illegal per se but are "actionable" because the scale of the subsidies are disrupting competition, Cozendey said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Too soon’ to call property market recovery despite renewed interest: Redas president Zuercher Kantonalbank CEO: scant progress on U.S. tax case Yum Brands profit tops expectations as KFC, Taco Bell deliver Yen holds gains, European political risks generate safe-haven demand Will Trump’s recent executive orders affect confidence in the US? White House plans directive targeting 'conflict minerals' rule: sources White House memo confuses Wall Street on fate of fiduciary rule White House defends Trump criticism of Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka clothing line Wells Fargo sets up artificial intelligence team in tech push Wells Fargo likely to eliminate 2016 bonuses for top executives: WSJ Inside Today World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules Collapsing Liverpool must reboot or risk a Spurs beating More power in shots, better control of the ball SLA eases restrictions on Hyfa’s youth academy pitch usage Singapore paddler Chen Feng retires at age of 23 Entertainment Eat Already’s 2nd season to feature Cantonese, Teochew Big plans in store for National Museum of Singapore’s 130th birthday bash Beyonce faces US$20m copyright suit from YouTube star’s estate Christie Brinkley back in swimsuit in Sports Illustrated Madonna adopts 4-year-old twin girls in Malawi About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to main content Search form Search Tarpit Main menu News All News Acquisition & Contracting Cyber Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe Chapter News Reprints Sample Digital Issue Blog Blog Home Guest Blog Guidelines Acquisition Cyber Defense Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Newsletters SIGNAL Connections Subscribe Webinars/Online Events Resource Library Advertise About SIGNAL Media 2017 Media Kit Advertisers FAQ Advertiser Press Releases Contact Us U.S. Military Successfully Demonstrates Microdrone Swarm Home / Acquisition and Contracting / Boeing Supports Saudi F-15SA Radar Blog: Boeing Supports Saudi F-15SA Radar February 8, 2017 The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, has been awarded a $18,290,920 modification (14) to previously awarded contract F33657‐01‐D‐0026‐RJ80 for Royal Saudi Air Force AN/APG-63(V) 3 radar in F-15SA aircraft. Work will be performed predominantly at Forest, Mississippi, and is expected to be complete by March 31, 2017. This contract is 100 percent foreign military sales to Saudi Arabia. The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, is the contracting activity. Departments:  Acquisition and Contracting Tags:  Boeing F-15 Saudi Arabia Air Force Contract Awards Tarpit SIGNAL BLOGS Acquisition and Contracting Cyber Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Career Progressions Cool App-titude           About Us About SIGNAL Meet the Staff SIGNAL's Awards Writer's Guide Guest Blogging Guidelines Legal AFCEA Privacy Policy Copyright Disclaimers For Bloggers and Educators AFCEA About AFCEA Join AFCEA Membership AFCEA Chapters AFCEA Events AFCEA Small Business Member Login Contact Us Editorial 703-631-6192 Customer Service 703-631-6100 Advertising 703-631-6181 E-mail Us Contact Form   © AFCEA International. All rights reserved. 4400 Fair Lakes Court, Fairfax, VA 22033
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » Opinion Salt Lake City 37 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM FEB 11, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion FEB 11, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 37 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Op-ed: Trump comes full circle on F-35 fighter jet By Tobin Harshaw Bloomberg View First Published Feb 08 2017 08:00AM    •    Last Updated Feb 08 2017 08:00 am Share This Article Here is Donald Trump tweeting on Dec. 22: "Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!" Here is Trump at a Monday meeting with small business leaders at the White House: "The F-35 fighter jet — a great plane by the way, I have to tell you, and Lockheed is doing a very good job as of now. There were great delays, about seven years of delays, tremendous cost overruns. We've ended all of that and we've got that program really, really now in good shape, so I'm very proud of that," CNN reported. VIDEOS TOP JOBS How did we get so far in 1 ½ months? Trump has a solid, if factually challenged, answer. "We cut approximately $600 million off the F-35, and that only amounts to 90 planes, out of close to 3,000 planes," he told the media on Jan. 30. He was referring to the new contract for the next "tranche" purchase of the fifth-generation fighter, of which 76 are intended for the U.S. Air Force and foreign clients, while 14 are designed for carrier deck or vertical takeoff and landing for the Navy and Marines. But as many Pentagon reporters have pointed out, this cost savings was long expected: The Air Force general in charge of the contract predicted last year that the price of the plane would drop by 6 percent to 7 percent in this round of purchases, known as Low Rate Initial Production Lot 10. Since the tranche will total nearly $10 billion, that's just about what Trump was bragging he had bargained out of Lockheed Martin. (In what seems a bit of overzealous obsequiousness, the company credited "Trump's personal involvement" for sharpening a newfound "focus on driving down the price.") Trump's bogus claim aside, we can at least hope he learned a little bit about the complexities of Pentagon acquisitions and the plans for the fighter fleet. First, his tweet that building more F/A-18's was a possible alternative to the F-35 was truly ignorant. The Super Hornet is a fine and fast plane, but one conceived in the 1970s. Because it lacks stealth technology, it is simply not capable of the wide range of missions in contested air space for which the F-35 has been designed. Yes, the F-35 has a troubled past, coming in years behind schedule and way over budget. But all that is, unfortunately, pretty much expected in military contracts. The bottom line was in essence doomed from the start: Unusually, the plan was to put the aircraft into production long before all the research and development was completed, and then retrofit existing planes with new technology. This strategy, called "concurrency," was supposed to save time and money but ended up gobbling both, and the government was stuck with most of the bill for Lockheed's cost overruns. Critics point to the new plane's limited speed, turning ability and range as drawbacks, but it is a multi-mission wonder whose cutting-edge software allows it to work collaboratively with the pilot to make up for any performance shortcomings. (There were also rumors Team Trump would look at the F-22 Raptor, a stealthy fighter, as a potential F-35 alternative, but given that the plane has been out of production for years, simply re-starting the lines would have been cost-prohibitive. Its average cost per flight hour is $68,000, more than double the rate of the F-35.) All this said, there is a silver lining to Trump's ill-informed tweeting: It does put the military and prime contractors on notice that the new president isn't taking anything for granted in terms of what has been a far-too-cozy producer-customer relationship for decades. This out-of-the-box mindset will be valuable as the Pentagon takes bids on its next two major aeronautical contracts: the B-21 Raider long-range strategic bomber and the T-X training plane, which are expected to total around $35 billion. At the very least, the new administration should be able to put the onus on Lockheed and the rest of the "defense-industrial base" to take responsibility for cost increases during the production phases, and perhaps during earlier research and development as well. It is also getting to be decision time in several projects outside the air-superiority realm: the ballistic-missile submarine that will replace the Ohio class, whether the Navy needs to drop the troubled Littoral Combat Ship and develop a new frigate, the necessity of building eight more lumbering Ford-Class supercarriers, the wisdom of developing a new nuclear-tipped cruise missile and intercontinental ballistic missile to replace the aging Minuteman III, and a host of other potential contracts. And we're never going to get to serious cost savings looking at acquisitions alone: Nearly 70 percent of the Defense Department budget goes to personnel, operations and maintenance. With Trump insisting he wants to cancel planned troop cutbacks, this means looking hard at cutting back or charging more for the military's Cadillac-level health care plan, TriCare, and closing domestic bases. The F-35 looks increasingly like a sad tale that's going to have a happy ending. Yet even before it goes into service, the military is starting to think about the sixth generation of fighters: remotely piloted, artificially intelligent, hypersonic, radar-invisible planes with laser-beam weapons. Wrangling cost savings on the future of war looks like a job for the world's greatest negotiator. Tobin Harshaw writes editorials on national security, education and food for Bloomberg View.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR OPINION Eugene Robinson: The GOP's profiles in cowardice Bagley Cartoon: Chaffetz Has One Job Garrison Keillor: Done. Over. He's here. Goodbye. Bagley Cartoon: Best Thing About Bannon Op-ed: Why is 'Book of Mormon' play tolerated and even praised? Op-ed: Politics invades the theater? It's always been there ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home Industry Air India likely to induct 34 planes in two years Air India likely to induct 34 planes in two years Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. By: PTI | Mumbai | Published: February 8, 2017 8:10 PM National carrier Air India (Reuters) National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. “We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale,” he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit here today. You may also like to watch Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline’s fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, Toronto. Besides, Srivastava said the airline would increase frequency on routes such as Melbourne, Sydney Colombo, Kathmandu, Singapore and Bangkok. With respect to finance, he said the airline is looking at various options to reduce its borrowings, including by converting some of the working capital loans into equity. Air India is surviving on a Rs 30,000-crore bailout package, spread over a ten-year period, that was approved by the central government in 2012. So far, the airline has received around Rs 24,000 crore as part of this financial package. In the last fiscal, Air India posted an operational profit of Rs 105 crore for the first time in a decade while its total debt stood at over Rs 46,000 crore. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Union Budget 2017-18 focuses on wider tax compliance, says ClearTax Here's how you can save more income tax after the announcement made by FM in the current Budget Trending Now AIADMK Lok Sabha MPs join O Panneerselvam camp UP Election: BJP MP Sanjeev Balyan casts vote in Muzaffarnagar Puduchery government seeks Central relief of Rs 100 crores for drought relief West Bengal BJP gets hands on training in Uttar Pradesh election Donald Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover UP Election 2017: Congress common minimum programme focuses on employment, Dalits Pakistan Senate committee dissatisfied over government’s attitude on CPEC Shah Rukh, Aamir click first picture together in 25 years Chinese soldier returns home from India after five decades 30 per cent votes polled till noon in Uttar Pradesh SP-Cong alliance has shaken PM Narendra Modi’s confidence: Akhilesh Yadav  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: मुस्लिम इलाकों में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों तक नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: अखिलेश यादव और राहुल गांधी दिखा रहे हैं 'दोस्ताना' लेकिन इस सीट पर सपा और कांग्रेस हैं आमने-सामने Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 11 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Disney tightens Euro Disney grip in deal with Saudi's Alwaleed Riyadh Governor approves two airport locations Qatar to float tenders for aquatic farming projects Saudi sovereign fund says it's not considering stake in Six Flags Sales tax hike on steel will cripple Jordan's housing sector Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project One Palm: Search on for buyer of Dubai’s costliest penthouse Qatar ministry says all transport projects on schedule Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project Qatar awards 90% of FIFA World Cup projects DNO to revive two wells in Oman's Block 8 offshore UAE offers solutions to combat climate change Iran to have $50 bln oil revenues next year: Min IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Thomson Reuters acquires Clarient and Avox Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1 billion senior Sukuk Takaful Emarat net profit increases 47% in 2016 Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Kuwait's Agility files $380 mln telecoms arbitration case vs Iraq Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 Hundreds of thousands in Iran chant 'Death to America': TV Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemeni port, civilians at risk Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Assad rejects safe zones in Syria - Yahoo News interview U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Jordan starts work on major solar power project Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Support growing for amending Libya government leadership: UN Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Trump weighs revised travel ban In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban Emirates says flight delayed after Delta refuse spare part Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Trump tax talk lifts Wall Street to record high Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Dollar at 1-1/2-week high vs. yen on Trump tax vow Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Gold steadies as dollar, U.S. Treasury yields pare gains Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Oil prices stable on strong Chinese imports Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Trump weighs revised travel ban Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Trump weighs revised travel ban Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Saying no to counterfeits is social responsibility: Official Bahrain reveals details of fugitive capture East Lebanon residents demand amnesty Egypt shuts torture victims treatment centre -lawyer Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Jordan's agriculture sector leaders decry new worker permit fees Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Saudi considers shortening trucker visa Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Kuwaitis must exceed expats: MP Abu Dhabi residents warned not to dry laundry in public New Labor Law clause irks Saudis Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Viral infections on the rise in UAE UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Genetic study may make quinoa the grain of the future Dietary protein may help muscle health New resolution issued on private schools in Dubai Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka brand A.R. Rahman in concert in UAE UAE: 50 women to start 120km walk in the desert 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Emirates has diverted 60 flights over medical emergencies Lighting rod, not crane crashed on hotel tower in Dubai U.S., Japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Michael Jackson's mom bullied and afraid of nephew George Clooney and wife Amal expecting twins -Matt Damon Cricket-Kohli double ton leads India's Hyderabad run feast Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role Tenth Red Bull Air Race to be hosted by Abu Dhabi Pakistan Super League stars gear up for action Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Boeing partners with Qatar Computing Research Institute for fourth annual machine learning and data analytics symposium 08 February, 2017 Fourth annual research symposium will bring global expertise to Qatar to further machine learning and data analytics standards in the Middle East Doha, Qatar, Feb 08, 2017   The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) has announced that it will once again partner with the Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI), part of Hamad bin Khalifa University, to host the fourth annual Machine Learning and Data Analytics Symposium (MLDAS) in Qatar. The event, to be held at the Qatar National Convention Centre on March 13 and 14, will feature top global experts discussing the latest solutions in the fields of machine learning, data mining, applied machine learning techniques and data analytics solutions. This year’s event will focus on the growing use of deep learning and its potential impacts on the human condition, such as through autonomous vehicles and medical advances. Mr Bernard Dunn, President of Boeing Middle East, North Africa and Turkey, said:  “Boeing is proud of the partnership with QCRI as we are congregating expertise from around the world to help elevate the already high benchmark being set in Qatar in the field of data analytics and machine learning. “In an increasingly digitized and automated world, bringing together such expertise will only continue to inspire innovation and regional talent.” Dr. Ahmed Elmagarmid, Executive Director, QCRI, said the symposium had enjoyed an extraordinary response from the scientific community in the past three years and the research institute looked forward to working with Boeing to expand its success. Advertisement “The event is a huge success for Qatar and the region and we are grateful for the outstanding role that Boeing has played,” Dr Elmagarmid said. “The timing of this year’s event could not be better. Some of the world’s smartest people are warning about artificial intelligence and its potentially dire effects on the future of humanity and a dwindling work force. “QCRI and Boeing have built a dynamic partnership in research and application, and we look forward to again presenting a program of cutting-edge science for MLDAS 2017.” The symposium is open to students, researchers and industry experts. To register, go to www.qcri.com -Ends- Contact:          Carolyn Conlan Program Manager Office: + (974) 4454 1443 cconlan@hbku.edu.qa Dana Salloum Middle East Communications Boeing Office: +971 2 694 4270 Mobile: +971 5 0228 9791 Dana.I.Salloum@boeing.com About Boeing Company Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defence, space and security systems, with more than 165,000 employees in 70 countries. Boeing products and tailored services include commercial and military aircraft, satellites, weapons, electronic and defence systems, launch systems, advanced information and communication systems, and performance-based logistics and training. For more information about Boeing please visit: www.boeing.com. About QCRI Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI) is a national research institute under Hamad bin Khalifa University, established by Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development, a private, non-profit organisation that is supporting Qatar’s transformation from a hydrocarbon-based economy to knowledge-based economy.   QCRI supports Qatar Foundation’s mission to build Qatar’s innovation and technology capacity by focusing on large-scale computing challenges that address national priorities for growth and development.  In doing this, QCRI conducts world-class multidisciplinary computing research that is relevant to the needs of Qatar, the wider Arab region, and the world. It performs cutting-edge research in such areas as Arabic language technologies, cyber security, social computing, data analytics, distributed systems, and computational science and engineering.  The research conducted at QCRI is aligned with the Qatar National Research Strategy and supports the strategic priorities outlined in the Qatar National Vision 2030.  For more information, please visit: www.qcri.qa About Hamad bin Khalifa University  Hamad Bin Khalifa University (HBKU), a member of Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development, is an emerging research university that is building its foundation upon unique collaborations with local and international partners. Located in Education City, HBKU delivers undergraduate and graduate programs through its College of Science and Engineering, College of Law and Public Policy, College of Health and Life Sciences, College of Islamic Studies, and its College of Humanities and Social Sciences. It also provides unparalleled opportunities for research and scholarship through its research institutes, and its Center of Executive Education delivers customized programs for the business community of Qatar and the region, in line with Qatar National Vision 2030. © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Four Seasons Hotel Bahrain Bay welcomes new general manager Richard Raab 08 Feb 2017 Jim McIlvenny named as new U.S.'s Dow India, Middle East, Africa and Turkey President 07 Feb 2017 Islamic Development Bank appoints Dr. Abdulhakim Elwaer as group spokesperson 07 Feb 2017 Bahrain's Avaya appoints Faten Halabi to drive sales growth for Bahrain, Iraq, Kuwait and Pakistan 06 Feb 2017 Franklin Templeton appoints Sandeep Singh as Senior Director & Regional Head, Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa 06 Feb 2017 Gulf's TKD Lingerie welcomes new communications director 06 Feb 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Opinion Editorial Columnists Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Sat, February 11, 2017 | 18:49 North Korea Entertainment Music Dramas & TV shows Movies Performances Exhibitions Photo News Opinion Editorial Columnists Park Moo-jong Choi Sung-jin Tong Kim Korean Historical Sense Andrew Salmon John Burton Jason Lim Donald Kirk Kim Ji-myung Jay Kim Andrei Lankov Frank Ching Hyon O'Brien Younghoy Kim Kimaro Michael McManus Deauwand Myers Casey Lartigue, Jr. Bernard Rowan Stephen Costello Semoon Chang Michael Breen Lee Seong-hyon Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Feature Image of Korea Small Picture Economy Policies Finance Photo News Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News National Politics Foreign Affairs Embassy News Defense Affairs Foreign Communities Investigations Diseases & welfare Labor & environment Education Seoul & provinces Obituaries Photo News Culture Books Religions Healthcare Food Fortune Telling Hotel & Travel Fashion Korean traditions Photo News Sports Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2018 PyeongChang Photo News World SCMP Asia Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Community Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Photos Learning English Editorial Jin Air close call Posted : 2017-02-08 17:23 Updated : 2017-02-08 17:23 Smoke crept from the tail end of a B777-200 Boeing passenger aircraft, preceded by the smell of burning oil. Some of the 401 people on the airplane ― 392 passengers and nine flight crew members ― started coughing. Panic was about to take over as some passengers headed for the emergency exit but were deterred by the crew, who asked them to stay calm and wait for further instructions. Sound eerily familiar? On April 16, 2014, when the Sewol ferry was sinking, it was the "stay calm" instruction that was repeated through the public announcement system. The obedient 304 people, most of them students, were trapped and then drowned. Fortunately, the Jin Air aircraft, Flight LJ004 from Bangkok to Seoul, was still on the tarmac when it was preparing for takeoff at 30 minutes past midnight Wednesday. Some passengers went to the hospital for smoke inhalation treatment but there were no serious injuries, according to the low–cost carrier, a subsidiary of Korean Air. The carrier explained that it blocked the passengers from trying to evacuate through the back exit because some passengers were still boarding the aircraft so there was the risk that the emergency slide wouldn't open and passengers could have fallen to the ground. Jin Air's assertion needs poring over because it raised questions about how the passengers could have disembarked safely, if, God forbid, a fire developed on board. The Jin Air case illustrates the need for an overhaul in emergency procedures on board ships, aircraft and other means of mass transportation. In a recent accident that left a subway train stranded between stations, passengers refused to heed the "stay-on-board" instructions and forced the doors open before walking to the nearest station. That was a lesson learned from the Sewol tragedy that showed, through the cellphone recordings the students left behind, how they obeyed the instructions and sank with the boat, while the captain and crew made their escape. Unless new procedures are devised to regain the trust of passengers in emergency situations, the opposite of the Sewol case with the same tragic consequences cannot be excluded. What would have happened if the Jin Air passengers had pushed aside the crew and made their way out of the plane with the slide unopened as the airline claimed? It said that smoke was caused when a trace of lubricant came into contact with a superhot auxiliary power unit but there was no sign of fire. US senator's gaffe: Russia 'invading' Korea [VIDEO] Sungshin Women's Univ. president jailed for embezzlement Deadly results: More foreigners hit road without a license 'Comfort women' statue to be erected in Atlanta 'Graduation from marriage' - good or bad for happy golden years? N. Korea threatens pre-emptive strike against S. Korea ahead of big anniversary Samsung to demolish rigid, top-down corporate culture; starts with simplified ranking system Why did F-15K fighter jets make emergency takeoff? Siberian tiger Geumgang dies after move to mountains [VIDEO] Men work, women stay home? No longer the case An courts elderly voters Snack festival So sweet Jeju haenyeo UNESCO heritage [PHOTOS] About Korea Times CEO Message Times History Contents Distribution Media Kit Contact Us Location Privacy Statement Ombudsman Mobile Service PDF Service RSS Service
Tue, 7 February 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop First Privately Funded Commercial Airlock NanoRacks has partnered Boeing to develop the first privately funded commercial airlock, enabling the United States to potentially triple the number of small satellites it can deploy from the International Space Station (ISS) during a single airlock cycle. The NanoRacks Airlock Module, which is planned to be attached to the ISS U.S. segment in 2019, will increase the capability of transferring equipment, payloads and deployable satellites from inside the ISS to outside, significantly increasing the utilization of ISS. ISS prime contractor Boeing will build and install the airlock’s Passive Common Berthing Mechanism, the hardware used to connect the pressurized modules of the ISS. Currently, the United States utilizes the airlock on the ISS Japanese Experiment Module. This new commercial airlock will be larger and more robust to better handle increasing market requirements. “The installation of NanoRacks’ commercial airlock will help us keep up with demand,” said Boeing International Space Station program manager Mark Mulqueen. “This is a big step in facilitating commercial business on the ISS.” Jeffrey Manber, CEO of NanoRacks, said, “We are entering a new chapter in the space station program where the private sector is taking on more responsibilities. We see this as only the beginning and are delighted to team with our friends at Boeing.” See other recent news regarding: Boeing, NanoRacks, Satellites. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17s Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Aviation: RPKs Up 6.3% in 2016 Amazon to Open Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky, USA IBM and United Collaborate on Enterprise iOS Apps SpiceRoads Launches Annual ANZAC Ride in Thailand One Championship Appoints VP of PR and Communications Etihad and Lufthansa Sign US$100m Deal Thomas Winkelmann Becomes CEO of airberlin Paul John to Head HKSI's Sevens Programme USAF and Boeing in New Deal to Sustain GPS Constellations Bologna Airport to Speed Up Immigration Thai AirAsia Increases Domestic Fares Destination Asia Appoints GM Thailand Central Hotels to Double Number of Rooms in Dubai Lifetime Achievement Award for Lonely Planet Founders ClearVision EVS Trials Volcanic Ash Detection 2017 Global Hotel Reputation Benchmark Report Mahan Air Appoints APG as GSA in France Six Nations Gives Air Charter Service Boost Microsoft to Upgrade PATA's Online Data Platform United and Avianca to Expand Relationship Best Western Targets 100 SureStay Hotels by End-2017 Show More Travel News IHG Appoints VP Development South West Asia Avani Hotels Appoints Group Director Exec Appointments at Destination Asia China AA Appoints New SVP Int & Cargo Super Bowl to Give Houston RevPAR Boost Belarus Launches 5-Day Visa-Free Policy airberlin Welcomes FCA Wet Lease Decision CityJet Orders Six CRJ900 Aircraft Airlines and Airports Prepare to Predict the Future FAA Gives Green Light for AirAsia X Flights to USA Dusit Rolls Out TQM Systems Across Portfolio SuperStar Virgo to Homeport in Shanghai Air India Moves to London Heathrow's T2 Hotels in Canada Report Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR SAS to Launch Stockholm - Ibiza Flights Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview APAC Airlines Carried 293m Int Pax in 2016 Frasers to Open Fourth Jakarta Property in Q3 Wyndham Opens Tryp Hotel in Yangon, Myanmar First Fairmont Hotel Opens in Western China Daydream Island Resort in Australia to Close Finnair to Trial Alipay on Flights JAL Adopts Honeywell's Fuel Software IATA's Cargo-XML Messaging Standard Integrated into ASYCUDAWorld AccorHotels Appoints Deputy CEO - APAC Hotels: APAC Reports 2016 Increase in RevPAR Mantra Appoints Development Manager Amadeus Appoints Global Head of Business Travel Boeing's 2nd ABS Satellite Enters Service Rockwell Collins Expands Weather Program Delta and Aeromexico Official Airlines of LAFC Smiths Receives Clearance for Morpho Acquisition Myanmar Calls for Investment in Responsible Tourism JAC Takes Delivery of First ATR 42-600 SITA Appoints President - Air Travel Solutions MHG Opens First Oaks Hotel in India Singapore Airlines Partners Lalique US Hotels Report Increase in RevPAR Marriott Signs W Hotel in Budapest, Hungary Hyatt Signs First Centric Hotel in France Emirates Using Sabre's Merchandising Tech SITA Appoints President - Asia Pacific Vietjet to Launch Flights Between Singapore and Hanoi Carlson Breaks Ground on First Hotel in Sri Lanka Emirates to Launch 3rd Daily Nairobi Flight AIME Searches Rising Star of MICE Industry London Reports Record Number of Arrivals Etihad to Operate 14 Flights Per Week to Dusseldorf International Year of Sustainable Tourism Ascott Signs Six Properties in China Finnair to Increase Capacity to HK, S'pore and Thailand AirAsia X Enhances IFE with Huawei Mediapad 2 Park Hotel Group to Launch New Brand Int. Tourist Arrivals Up 3.9% in 2016 Emirates to Launch Daily Zagreb Flights Movenpick Signs Hotel in Quang Binh, VN ATR Delivers First 72-600 in Argentina eRevMax Integrates with ByHours American Airlines to Sell Basic Economy British & Irish Lions Stregthen Team Luxury 6-Room Hotel to Open in Hua Hin Accor Opens ibis Hotel in Kochi, India HKIA Handled 70.5m Pax in 2016 Flynas Orders 60 Airbus Aircraft Bombardier Remarkets 13 CRJ900 Aircraft UNWTO and JICA to Promote Sustainable Tourism Dorsett Opens Silka Tsuen Wan in HK Finnair and Flybe Expand Codeshare Agreement Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints DOSM Celebrity Cruises Appoints Head of Sales Asia Elbit Wins US$17m BrightNite Contract France 24 Expands Presence in Thailand IHG's First Kimpton Hotel Outside of Americas Appoints GM Travelodge to Open Hong Kong Hotel AirAsia to Increase Bangkok - Mandalay Emirates to Launch A380 Flights to Brazil Radisson Blu Opens in Faridabad, India Movenpick Opens Hotel in Colombo Shiji Acquires ReviewPro RBH to Manage Holiday Inn Express in Edinburgh, Scotland Seychelles Reports 42% Increase in Arrivals from India Vietjet Launches Ho Chi Minh - Taichung Flights Exec Appointments at Diethelm Singapore Sabre Hospitality Appoints MD/CCO APAC Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17 Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Aviation: RPKs Up 6.3% in 2016 Amazon to Open Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky, USA IBM and United Collaborate on Enterprise iOS Apps SpiceRoads Launches Annual ANZAC Ride in Thailand One Championship Appoints VP of PR and Communications Etihad and Lufthansa Sign US$100m Deal Thomas Winkelmann Becomes CEO of airberlin Paul John to Head HKSI's Sevens Programme USAF and Boeing in New Deal to Sustain GPS Constellations Bologna Airport to Speed Up Immigration Thai AirAsia Increases Domestic Fares Destination Asia Appoints GM Thailand Central Hotels to Double Number of Rooms in Dubai Lifetime Achievement Award for Lonely Planet Founders ClearVision EVS Trials Volcanic Ash Detection 2017 Global Hotel Reputation Benchmark Report Mahan Air Appoints APG as GSA in France Six Nations Gives Air Charter Service Boost Microsoft to Upgrade PATA's Online Data Platform United and Avianca to Expand Relationship Best Western Targets 100 SureStay Hotels by End-2017 IHG Appoints VP Development South West Asia Avani Hotels Appoints Group Director Exec Appointments at Destination Asia China AA Appoints New SVP Int & Cargo Super Bowl to Give Houston RevPAR Boost Belarus Launches 5-Day Visa-Free Policy airberlin Welcomes FCA Wet Lease Decision CityJet Orders Six CRJ900 Aircraft Airlines and Airports Prepare to Predict the Future FAA Gives Green Light for AirAsia X Flights to USA Dusit Rolls Out TQM Systems Across Portfolio SuperStar Virgo to Homeport in Shanghai Air India Moves to London Heathrow's T2 Hotels in Canada Report Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR SAS to Launch Stockholm - Ibiza Flights Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 11 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Disney tightens Euro Disney grip in deal with Saudi's Alwaleed Riyadh Governor approves two airport locations Qatar to float tenders for aquatic farming projects Saudi sovereign fund says it's not considering stake in Six Flags Sales tax hike on steel will cripple Jordan's housing sector Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project One Palm: Search on for buyer of Dubai’s costliest penthouse Qatar ministry says all transport projects on schedule Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project Qatar awards 90% of FIFA World Cup projects DNO to revive two wells in Oman's Block 8 offshore UAE offers solutions to combat climate change Iran to have $50 bln oil revenues next year: Min IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Thomson Reuters acquires Clarient and Avox Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1 billion senior Sukuk Takaful Emarat net profit increases 47% in 2016 Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Kuwait's Agility files $380 mln telecoms arbitration case vs Iraq Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 Hundreds of thousands in Iran chant 'Death to America': TV Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemeni port, civilians at risk Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Assad rejects safe zones in Syria - Yahoo News interview U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Jordan starts work on major solar power project Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Support growing for amending Libya government leadership: UN Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Trump weighs revised travel ban In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban Emirates says flight delayed after Delta refuse spare part Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Trump tax talk lifts Wall Street to record high Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Dollar at 1-1/2-week high vs. yen on Trump tax vow Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Gold steadies as dollar, U.S. Treasury yields pare gains Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Oil prices stable on strong Chinese imports Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Trump weighs revised travel ban Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Trump weighs revised travel ban Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Saying no to counterfeits is social responsibility: Official Bahrain reveals details of fugitive capture East Lebanon residents demand amnesty Egypt shuts torture victims treatment centre -lawyer Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Jordan's agriculture sector leaders decry new worker permit fees Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Saudi considers shortening trucker visa Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Kuwaitis must exceed expats: MP Abu Dhabi residents warned not to dry laundry in public New Labor Law clause irks Saudis Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Viral infections on the rise in UAE UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Genetic study may make quinoa the grain of the future Dietary protein may help muscle health New resolution issued on private schools in Dubai Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka brand A.R. Rahman in concert in UAE UAE: 50 women to start 120km walk in the desert 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Emirates has diverted 60 flights over medical emergencies Lighting rod, not crane crashed on hotel tower in Dubai U.S., Japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Michael Jackson's mom bullied and afraid of nephew George Clooney and wife Amal expecting twins -Matt Damon Cricket-Kohli double ton leads India's Hyderabad run feast Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role Tenth Red Bull Air Race to be hosted by Abu Dhabi Pakistan Super League stars gear up for action Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article aviation Abu Dhabi airline Etihad Airways signs deal to use Boeing weather systems 07 February, 2017 Tuesday, Feb 07, 2017 Seattle: Etihad Airways has inked a four-year deal to introduce the Boeing Wind Updates solution into their systems, the American aerospace giant said in a statement on Tuesday. Boeing, the developers of the optimisation instrument, claim it will lessen fuel consumption and increase efficiency across the Etihad’s global operations. The tool will also allow Etihad to utilize real-time intelligence on wind and temperature conditions anywhere in the world, optimising inflight airplane performance fleet-wide. More up-to-date and accurate weather information is expected to reduce fuel consumption for Etihad Airways by an average of 200-400 lbs (90-180 kgs) of fuel per flight, according to the statement. Advertisement Staff Report Gulf News 2017. All rights reserved. © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: technology uae Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Four Seasons Hotel Bahrain Bay welcomes new general manager Richard Raab 08 Feb 2017 Jim McIlvenny named as new U.S.'s Dow India, Middle East, Africa and Turkey President 07 Feb 2017 Islamic Development Bank appoints Dr. Abdulhakim Elwaer as group spokesperson 07 Feb 2017 Bahrain's Avaya appoints Faten Halabi to drive sales growth for Bahrain, Iraq, Kuwait and Pakistan 06 Feb 2017 Franklin Templeton appoints Sandeep Singh as Senior Director & Regional Head, Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa 06 Feb 2017 Gulf's TKD Lingerie welcomes new communications director 06 Feb 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 363 29 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs. Post to Facebook Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kKYFiV {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs Today in the Sky Bart Jansen , USA TODAY Published 7:39 p.m. ET Feb. 7, 2017 | Updated 12:59 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 468 Shares The tail of an Emirates airline plane can be seen to the left of two aircraft of Qatar Airways.  (Photo: Kamran Jebreili, AP) WASHINGTON – In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs. The question previewed a meeting Trump scheduled Thursday with Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian and United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz. Those legacy carriers and American Airlines have asked the administration to block additional flights from state-owned Emirates, Etihad and Qatar airlines because they received an alleged $50 billion in subsidies during the last decade, which the carriers deny. The question also touched on Norwegian Air International, which won Transportation Department approval in December to serve the U.S. Airline unions have urged Trump to overturn the approval by arguing Norwegian is skirting labor laws with headquarters in Ireland, which the airline denies. QATAR AIRWAYS: This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, said Trump wants to talk with the Big 3 airline executives about economic growth and job creation. Spicer noted that Norwegian has hired American-based crews and is buying Boeing planes that provide “a huge economic interest” for the country. “I don't want to get ahead of the president on that, but just to be clear, we are talking about U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who is building those planes,” Spicer said. “That’s a very big difference.” Anders Lindstrom, a Norwegian spokesman, said the airline flies an all-Boeing fleet of 120 aircraft and has ordered another 120. The airline will take delivery of nine 787 Dreamliners, six 737 MAX and 17 737-800 aircraft this year, he said. “No other foreign airline invests more in the American economy or creates more American jobs than Norwegian,” Lindstrom said. “We currently have 500 U.S. based cabin crew and is the only foreign airline to be recruiting American pilots, all of which are hired under local laws and regulations with competitive packages.” USA TODAY Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air USA TODAY Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights The AFL-CIO, the Air Line Pilots Association, the Allied Pilots Association, the Association of Flight Attendants—CWA and the Transportation Trades Department have sued the government to overturn the Norwegian decision. Pilots have said they hope to work with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao to overturn her predecessor's approval. In terms of the Middle East airlines, the Obama administration conducted informal talks with the governments of United Arab Emirates and Qatar. But the previous administration didn’t reopen the so-called Open Skies agreements that provide unhindered flights between the countries. "Obviously the president's going to want to talk about economic growth and job creation, how he's enacting orders to make sure the country's safe," Spicer said. U.S. executives hope for a better reception from the Trump administration. “The subsidies allow the Gulf carriers to operate without concern for turning a profit, unlike U.S. airlines, and therefore focus entirely on stripping market share and driving out competition,” Bastian, Munoz and American CEO Doug Parker wrote Feb. 1 to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. “In fact, for every long-haul route lost or foregone as a result of subsidized Gulf carrier competition, more than 1,500 American jobs are lost.” Parker won't be able to attend the meeting because of his airline's longstanding leadership conference in Dallas, according to spokesman Matt Miller. "Doug shares President Trump’s commitment to modernizing our nation’s infrastructure and looks forward to working with his administration to ensure all Americans have access to safe and efficient air travel," Miller said. USA TODAY Qatar Air reveals Boeing jetliner deal worth up to $18.6 billion Gulf carriers also buy a few planes. Qatar Airways, for example, announced an $18.6-billion Boeing order in October. The airline already has a combined total of more than 60 777 and 787 "Dreamliners" in its fleet. Elsewhere in the Gulf region, Emirates is the world's largest operator of Boeing's 777 wide-body, with more than 135 already in its fleet and another two dozen on order. Those orders are worth billions of dollars to Boeing. Fast-growing Etihad also has bought Boeing products, with nearly three-dozen Boeing wide-body jets currently in its fleet and future orders that could swell that number to more than 100. Some U.S. carriers opposed the Big 3 effort, including JetBlue and Hawaiian, which offer connections to the Middle East carriers, and FedEx and Atlas Air, which fly freight to the region. Vice President Mike Pence is meeting Wednesday with FedEx CEO Fred Smith. Those airlines have grouped together to help form a coalition called U.S. Airlines for Open Skies, which is opposed to the push being made by the U.S. Big 3. "The demands of the legacy carriers would reduce competition, undermine Open Skies, and harm the American economy,"  group spokesman Andrea McCarthy said in statement to Today in the Sky. "Rather than caving to these demands, we should support Open Skies agreements, which benefit American workers, the American military, made-in-America exports, and American travelers." Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kKYFiV Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares The American pizza capital you've never heard of 54k Shares Don't miss these destination dumplings 271 Shares This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world 3.9k Shares Snowed in at Snowbird? Time to play indoors 297 Shares
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service e-Edition BeeBuzzPoints About Us About Us Contact Us Apps Newsletters Twitter, Facebook, Google+, YouTube News in Education (NIE) Election Results Local Sacramento Region Arena City Beat Local Govt Salary Database Crime Education Environment Health & Medicine Transportation Traffic Conditions Weather Marcos Breton Communities Elk Grove Folsom/El Dorado Roseville/Placer Yolo Sports Sports Kings Kings Corner with Jason Jones NBA News 49ers with Matt Barrows Giants Oakland A's High School Sports Joe Davidson Ailene Voisin Andy Furillo More Sports Raiders NFL News MLB News River Cats Soccer Colleges Golf Auto Racing Politics Politics Capitol Alert State Workers Voter Guide President 2016 CA Elections 2016 Local Elections PoliGRAPH The Money Trail Lobbying & Influence State Worker Salary Database Bill Tracker Track the Legislature Legislative Gifts Dan Walters Dan Morain Investigations Investigations Data Tracker Public Eye Afghan Refugees Bay Bridge California Prisons Nursing Homes Opinion Opinion Editorials Election Endorsements Viewpoints California Forum The Conversation Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Jack Ohman Columnists Dan Morain Shawn Hubler Foon Rhee Erika D. Smith Joyce Terhaar Editorial Board Entertainment Entertainment & Life Arts & Theater Books Home & Garden with Debbie Arrington Movies Music Outdoors Pets Travel More Entertainment Events Calendar Horoscopes Comics Puzzles TV Listings Food & Drink Food & Drink Restaurant News Dining Reviews Restaurant Directory Cooking & Recipes Beer Wine Appetizers Blog California California Marijuana Water & Drought Lottery Business Business Real Estate Market Summary Cathie Anderson Nation & World Nation & World National World Technology Family Celebrities TV news Weird News Video Break Obituaries News Obituaries Death Notices FAQ ObitMessenger In Memoriam Local Deals Today's Deal Shopping Grocery Coupons Weekly Ads The Sacramento Bee Store Golf Card Farm to Fork Dining Card Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Classifieds Legal Notices Place an Ad Advertise Business & Real Estate February 9, 2017 12:18 PM Trump’s boasts aside, here’s the real reason those F-35s wound up costing less An F-35 is masked for the final finish coatings at Lockheed Martin Aeronautics in Fort Worth. Rodger Mallison Star-Telegram In this Sept. 2, 2015, file photo, an F-35 jet arrives at its new operational base at Hill Air Force Base, in northern Utah. Rick Bowmer AP 1 of 2 i By Alex Daugherty adaugherty@mcclatchydc.com WASHINGTON Lockheed Martin’s deal to sell a new round of F-35s at a reduced cost to the Pentagon had little to do with President Donald Trump despite the commander in chief’s boasts to the contrary. The company, one of Fort Worth’s largest employers, had planned for months to sell the fighter jets for under $100 million apiece, and both supporters and detractors of the most expensive weapons program in the nation’s history say Trump has done little to mitigate costs beyond public statements and social media posts. Trump, who loves to riff about cajoling Fortune 500 CEO’s into doing his bidding, has now positioned himself as the savior of the F-35 fighter jet program run by Lockheed, a past Twitter target. “I have already saved more than $700 million when I got involved in the negotiation on the F-35. You know about that,” Trump said on Monday at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida. “And I want to thank Lockheed Martin. And I want to thank Boeing. And I want to thank all of the companies that have really opened up. Opened up and cut their prices.” But in reality the F-35 is years removed from a half decade of the well-publicized cost overruns in the mid 2000s. Some people call it alternative facts, I call it just flat-out exaggeration. Rep. Marc Veasey, D-Texas, who supports the F-35 program “Some people call it alternative facts, I call it just flat-out exaggeration,” said Rep. Marc Veasey, a Fort Worth Democrat who supports the F-35 program. “These cuts were already set to be put in place before Donald Trump even became president, and people have been talking about the costs of the F-35 for quite some time,” Veasey said. “The only thing Donald Trump did was spread fear and uncertainty through Fort Worth and cost the company billions of dollars when he made the stock prices go down.” facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:09 Oroville Dam spillway: 'It's not supposed to do that' Pause 1:43 Water continues to rush down Oroville spillway on Friday 0:35 See dramatic aerial views of damaged Oroville Dam spillway 1:02 Union Pacific train derails into water south of Elk Grove 0:44 Dramatic video captures break at Oroville Dam spillway as concrete chunks sent flying 1:08 Damaged Oroville Dam spillway undergoes more water releases 1:14 UC Davis law student helps free people detained in San Francisco's airport after Trump refugee executive order 2:29 49ers GM John Lynch speaks at presser 0:31 Watch incredible water releases from Oroville Dam - 15,000 cubic feet per second 1:48 Oroville Dam spillway endangers baby salmon Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Lockheed's F-35 and the Legacy of Air Supremacy Since its inception, the U.S. Air Force has been developing the fastest, most powerful aircraft in the world. Today’s F-35 that combines supersonic speed, advanced stealth capabilities and integrated avionics. (video by U.S. Air Force) Just days before the November 2016 election, the Pentagon issued a $6.1 billion “unilateral” contract for 57 of the F-35 aircraft, an agreement that locked in Lockheed’s profit margin for a portion of the massive program. Lockheed disagreed with that decision because the government was able to set Lockheed’s margins without the company’s consent. That November contract decreased the cost per plane by 3.7 percent to just over $107 million per plane. “The atrocity is not that he’s (Trump) taking credit for numbers already on paper, it’s that he’s taking credit for people who did really hard work that he would like to fire,” said Richard Aboulafia, a military aircraft analyst with Teal Group, a Northern Virginia based aeronautics analysis firm. The recent $600 million cuts to the latest F-35 contract are a product of increased orders for the planes. The cuts have been anticipated for years as Lockheed ramps up production. A White House spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment. The recent $600 million cuts to the latest F-35 contract inked by Lockheed are a product of increased orders for the planes, meaning that more demand drives down the unit cost per aircraft, and the cuts have been anticipated for years as Lockheed ramps up production. The planes aren’t just being delivered to the United States. Israel received its first shipment of F-35s in December 2016, and 11 countries are involved in building and testing the aircraft. Lt. Gen. Chris Bogdan, who heads the F-35 Joint Program Office at the Pentagon, said in December to Breaking Defense before the cuts were announced and Trump took office that he expected the newest order for planes “to come down in price significantly ... probably somewhere on the order of six to seven percent.” The announced $600 million cuts fall in the six- to seven-percent ballpark Bogdan predicted in December. Lockheed is playing ball with Trump’s recent declarations, saying in a statement last week that “President Trump’s personal involvement in the F-35 program accelerated the negotiations and sharpened our focus on driving down the price. The agreement was reached in a matter of weeks and represents significant savings over previous contracts. This is a good deal for the American taxpayer, our country, our company and our suppliers.” President Trump’s personal involvement in the F-35 program accelerated the negotiations and sharpened our focus on driving down the price. Statement from Lockheed Martin EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE And Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson announced after meeting with Trump in January that 1,800 jobs will come to Fort Worth in the coming years. “We had the opportunity to talk to him about the F-35 program and I certainly share his views that we need to get the best capability to our men and women in uniform and we have to get it at the lowest possible price,” Hewson told reporters after her meeting in Manhattan. Texas Republican Rep. Kay Granger, a strong advocate of the F-35 program whose Fort Worth district holds the factory that assembles the fighter jet, was unavailable for an interview but in a statement also praised Trump’s role in the negotiations. “A lower-cost F-35 is a win for American taxpayers and for all of our allies and partners around the world who count on this fifth-generation fighter for their national defense,” Granger said in a statement. “I am pleased that the administration and Lockheed Martin came together on an agreement, and I remain proud of the talented workers who live in the 12th District and make the equipment that keeps us safe.” Members of Trump’s party and the companies who rely on federal contracts are playing it safe, said Dan Grazier, a fellow at The Project for Government Oversight, a government watchdog group that opposes the F-35. “Trump is looking for a bunch of quick victories,” Grazier said. “It’s extremely doubtful that Trump had anything to do with cost decreases. Lockheed had been talking about price reductions to the F-35 for months before election.” EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE Grazier remains skeptical of the F-35s long-term viability, arguing that completed F-35s will exceed current costs because they will need to be sent back to the factory to be finished when research and development is completed. However, he acknowledged that the cost per plane has decreased as more are built. “This has been going on for a solid year, almost a solid year before Donald Trump really jumped into the fray on this program,” Grazier said. But there is one way Trump could impact the F-35 and take credit: lift federally mandated spending caps, known as sequestration, that limit military spending. “Back in 2013, we had about 1,000 employees laid off at Bell Helicopter because of the sequester,” Veasey said. “If you really want to start advocating for bringing down the price, I think the one thing that the president can do and take credit for is to get rid of the sequester.” “They (Republicans) control the presidency, control the House, control the Senate, they have the ability to get rid of the sequester and bring even more jobs to Lockheed,” Veasey said. “It doesn’t seem like there’s any movement on that. I’m on the armed services committee and we talk how we can save money on a variety programs, but no one’s talked about the sequester.” Star-Telegram staff writer Max Baker contributed to this report. Alex Daugherty: 202-383-6049, @alextdaugherty How the Pentagon buys F-35s The Pentagon buys F-35s in batches and negotiates with Lockheed on a total price for each batch. As Lockheed ramps up production, the cost per plane goes down. In November, Lockheed was forced to agree to a $6.1 billion contract for ninth batch of 57 F-35 fighter jets in a unilateral contract agreement, putting the price per plane at just over $107 million. In January, Lockheed agreed to a deal for the 10th batch of F-35s for a cost of less than $100 million per plane. There are three variants of the F-35 for each branch of the armed forces. The conventional version of the F-35 the Army uses is cheaper than the F-35s ordered by the Marines and Navy, which have additional capabilities for vertical landings and landing on aircraft carriers. – Alex Daugherty Related content Business & Real Estate Suggested for you Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:09 Oroville Dam spillway: 'It's not supposed to do that' Pause 1:43 Water continues to rush down Oroville spillway on Friday 0:35 See dramatic aerial views of damaged Oroville Dam spillway 1:02 Union Pacific train derails into water south of Elk Grove 0:44 Dramatic video captures break at Oroville Dam spillway as concrete chunks sent flying 1:08 Damaged Oroville Dam spillway undergoes more water releases 1:14 UC Davis law student helps free people detained in San Francisco's airport after Trump refugee executive order 2:29 49ers GM John Lynch speaks at presser 0:31 Watch incredible water releases from Oroville Dam - 15,000 cubic feet per second 1:48 Oroville Dam spillway endangers baby salmon Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 13 hours ago Walk through Sacramento's most expensive home on market at $5.5 million 5:01 13 hours ago Walk through Sacramento's most expensive home on market at $5.5 million 1:59 6 days ago Hot Property:Take a walk through houses of Eva Longoria, Jane Fonda, Mandy Moore 1:20 9 days ago Mayor Steinberg intervenes in fight over Sacramento Republic brand View more video Business & Real Estate Tribe spends $36 million for planned Elk Grove casino site $4,500 to rent a San Francisco apartment. What are California leaders doing? California’s housing crisis again emerges as major issue Avid Reader bookstore to move to new location on Broadway Governor Brown pitches Sacramento’s streetcar to Trump Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Subscribe Customer Service e-Edition News in Education (NIE) Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Photo Reprints Jobs at The Bee Social, Mobile & More Smartphone and Tablet Apps Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Place a Classified Ad Place a Legal Notice Place a Digital Ad Place a Newspaper Ad Local Deals Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Subscribe Customer Service e-Edition News in Education (NIE) Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Photo Reprints Jobs at The Bee Social, Mobile & More Smartphone and Tablet Apps Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Place a Classified Ad Place a Legal Notice Place a Digital Ad Place a Newspaper Ad Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In World Angry elephant takes aim at tourist Polish PM rushed to hospital after crash See Rosie as Trump’s top man Travel ban might get a slight tweak Trump: ‘He better be careful’ Teen girl arrested over Paris bomb plot ‘He is with his children now’ Bali landslide kills seven north america Donald Trump loses travel ban bid but backs ‘one China’ policy February 10, 20173:20pm Video Image U.S. appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban0:32 President Donald Trump was handed another legal defeat on Thursday when the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled to uphold a lower court?s decision to block his controversial travel ban from seven Muslim-majority countries. Jane Lee reports. February 10th 2017 a day ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ Kellyanne Conway spruiked Ivanka Trump’s fashion line on live TV. Picture: AP Staff writers and wiresNews Corp Australia Network Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend US President Donald Trump has told Chinese President Xi Jinping his administration will respect the “one China” policy, during a telephone call between the leaders, the Financial Times reports, citing two people familiar with the call. Trump, who was inaugurated last month, said in December the United States did not necessarily have to stick to the “one China” policy, by which Washington acknowledges China’s position that it has sovereignty over self-ruled Taiwan. TRUMP LOSES TRAVEL BAN BID Judges involved in legal challenges against Trump’s immigration ban have come under threat prompting tighter security protection for them. CNN reported that while the specific threats are not known, law enforcement is treating them seriously. The US Marshals Service and local police have increased patrols and protective officers to provide security for some of the judges, officials said. Since Trump has taken office he has made verbal criticisms of judges — something that has sparked concern from former law enforcement officials and others. Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017 This comes as a federal appeals court in San Francisco has refused to reinstate Trump’s ban on travellers from seven predominantly Muslim nations. The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals wouldn’t block a lower-court ruling that suspended the ban and allowed previously barred travellers to enter the US. An appeal to the US Supreme Court is possible. US District Judge James Robart in Seattle issued a temporary restraining order halting the ban last week after Washington state and Minnesota sued. The Justice Department appealed to the 9th Circuit. Government lawyers argued that the ban was a “lawful exercise” of the president’s authority and that the seven countries have raised terrorism concerns. The states said Trump’s executive order unconstitutionally blocked entry based on religion. It didn’t take long for Trump to make his thoughts on the ruling clear. SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 Hillary Clinton also seemed to weigh in on the situation, posting this cryptic tweet. 3-0— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 10, 2017 The US Appeals Court has ruled against President Donald Trump and his travel ban. Picture: AFP/MANDEL NGANSource:AFP KELLYANNE SPRUIKS IVANKA’S LABEL TOP White House adviser Kellyanne Conway has been slammed for defending Ivanka Trump’s fashion company after a number of US retailers dumped the brand, citing falling sales. Ms Conway told Fox & Friends on Thursday that Ms Trump is a “successful businesswoman” and people should give the company their business. “Go buy Ivanka’s stuff, is what I would tell you ... I’m going to give it a free commercial here: Go buy it today,” she said. A former top official under President Barack Obama has hit back, saying Ms Conway broke the law by telling people in the TV interview to buy Ms Trump’s clothes. Chris Lu highlighted a law which says: “An employee shall not use his public office for his own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives.” This is the federal ethics law that @KellyannePolls just violated cc: @OfficeGovEthics @jasoninthehouse pic.twitter.com/EivJeFd7wY— Chris Lu (@ChrisLu44) February 9, 2017 “This is the federal ethics law that @KellyannePolls just violated,” Mr Lu tweeted, tagging the US Office of Government Ethics and Republican Representative Jason Chaffetz, the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. It comes after President Donald Trump launched a Twitter attack against Nordstrom when the retailer dropped his daughter’s clothing and accessory line. His tweet, in which he said his daughter was treated “so unfairly”, drew swift criticism from ethics experts. My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 After the dust-up with Nordstrom, employees at US retailers TJ Maxx and Marshalls were told to throw away any signs advertising merchandise from Ms Trump’s retail brand, according to The New York Times. “Effective immediately, please remove all Ivanka Trump merchandise from features and mix into the runs,” read a note to workers obtained by the newspaper. “All Ivanka Trump signs should be discarded.” Mr Trump has tweeted about companies such as Boeing, Carrier and General Motors. But ethics experts say this time is different because it involves a business run by his daughter — and that raises conflict-of-interest concerns. President Donald Trump lashed out at US retailer Nordstrom after it dumped his daughter Ivanka Trump’s clothing line. Picture: AP Photo/Evan VucciSource:AP POPE SEEMINGLY CALLS OUT TRUMP AGAIN POPE Francis has delivered a thinly-veiled rebuke of Mr Trump’s plan to build a wall on the border with Mexico, saying society should not create “walls but bridges”. The pontiff did not refer to the US president by name or directly mention the proposed wall, which Mr Trump has insisted Mexico will pay for. Instead the Argentinian pontiff used his weekly general audience on Wednesday to speak of a Christian calling “to not raise walls but bridges, to not respond to evil with evil, to overcome evil with good”. Pope Francis has rebuked Donald Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico. Picture: AP Photo/Andrew MedichiniSource:AP He added: “A Christian can never say ‘I’ll make you pay for that’. Never! That is not a Christian gesture. An offence is overcome with forgiveness, by living in peace with everyone.” Last year, in response to an answer about then-candidate Mr Trump’s views on immigration and his intention to build a wall, Francis said a man with those views is “not Christian”. He said in an interview last month that he would not form an opinion of Mr Trump until he first had a chance to see specific policies the new US president would implement. As Mr Trump was taking office on January 20, Francis sent a message urging him to be guided by ethical values, saying he must take care of the poor and the outcast during his time in office. JEFF SESSIONS SWORN IN AS ATTORNEY GENERAL Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions has been sworn in as US Attorney General, despite protests from the likes of Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren, who was formally silenced for impugning her senator colleague. During an Oval Office ceremony, Mr Trump called Senator Sessions a man of integrity and principal, and someone who has devoted his life to the cause of justice. Senator Sessions was sworn in the morning after the Senate confirmed his nomination following a contentious confirmation process. The Alabama lawmaker resigned his Senate seat shortly after his colleagues approved him on a 52-47 vote that broke largely along partisan lines. Sen. Sessions was the first sitting US senator to endorse Mr Trump. He faced criticism from Democrats, including Senator Warren, over his record on civil rights and immigration. US President Donald Trump (2nd R) watches as Jeff Sessions (L), alongside his wife Mary (2nd L), is sworn in as Attorney General by US Vice President Mike Pence. Picture: AFPSource:AFP Republicans lauded his four decades of public service and his commitment to fairness and the rule of law. Meanwhile, just before the attorney general was sworn in, Mr Trump signed three executive actions related to criminal justice, including an order to have the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security to tackle “criminal cartels” that have spread across the nation. Trump announced the executive actions during a swearing-in ceremony for Attorney General Jeff Mr Trump says the plan will attempt to break the backs of criminal cartels. He’s also asking for a task force to reduce violent crime in America and a plan to stop violent crimes against law enforcement officers. He calls it a “shame” what has happened to “truly great” law enforcement officers. TRUMP GOES AFTER MCCAIN OVER YEMEN RAID Mr Trump is going after Republican Senator John McCain for suggesting that last week’s US raid in Yemen wasn’t a success. Mr Trump tweeted on Thursday that Senator McCain “should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy!” He added that Senator McCain has “been losing so long he doesn’t know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in — bogged down in conflict all over the place.” Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 ...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 ..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 Senator McCain said on Wednesday that any operation where a $US75 million ($98.2 million) plane is lost, a Navy SEAL is killed, and there are multiple casualties, including women and children, “cannot be labelled a success.” He is a Vietnam veteran and former prisoner of war who lost the 2008 presidential election to President Barack Obama. The Arizona Republican won re-election in November. Donald Trump has again lashed out at Republican Senator John McCain. Picture: Mark Wilson/Getty Images/AFPSource:AFP TRUDEAU TO VISIT TRUMP IN WASHINGTON DC Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is to meet with US President Donald Trump in Washington on Monday. A statement from the Prime Minister’s office said the leaders “look forward to discussing the unique relationship between Canada and the United States of America and how they will continue to work hard for middle-class Canadians and Americans, together.” Justin Trudeau and Barack Obama were more in sync than the Canadian Prime Minister is with Donald Trump. Picture: AFPSource:Supplied More than 75 per cent of Canada’s exports go to the US. Of the 50 US states, 35 count Canada as their leading export market. Mr Trump has vowed to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. Canada’s foreign minister warned the Trump administration on Wednesday that his country will retaliate if the US applies new tariffs. SUPREME COURT NOMINEE: ‘BAN IS DEMORALISING’ Mr Trump has lashed out at a Democratic senator who revealed that the president’s own Supreme Court nominee had called Mr Trump’s attacks on the judiciary “disheartening” and “demoralising.” The US president last week called a federal judge who temporarily blocked his travel ban a “so-called judge”, before saying the appellate court panel currently considering his executive order was “so political”. Judge Neil Gorsuch, nominated last week to fill a key vacancy on the Supreme Court, criticised Mr Trump’s stance during a meeting with Senator Richard Blumenthal. Mr Trump’s own confirmation team for Judge Gorsuch confirmed those comments. US Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch (right) meets with Senator Richard Blumenthal in Blumenthal's office in Washington, DC. Picture: Alex Wong/Getty Images/AFPSource:AFP However Mr Trump lashed out at Senator Blumenthal, questioning his integrity. “Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie), now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?” the US president tweeted on Thursday. Senator Blumenthal faced criticism in the past for saying he had served in Vietnam. He served in the Marine Corps Reserves during Vietnam. He apologised in 2010, saying he regretted his misstatements. Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 Republican former Senator Kelly Ayotte, who is helping with Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation, was at the meeting with the judge and Senator Blumenthal. She issued a statement saying Judge Gorsuch made clear he was not referring to any specific case. But she said the nominee said he finds any criticism of a judge’s integrity and independence to be “disheartening and demoralising.” On Thursday, Ms Conway said Mr Trump was “fully confident” in his Supreme Court nominee. Gorsuch: Trump's Comments on Judiciary 'Demoralizing'2:14 President Trump?s Supreme Court pick, Judge Neil Gorsuch, said he was disappointed in the president?s remarks on the judiciary in a closed-door meeting with Sen. Richard Blumenthal. Mr. Trump has accused Mr. Blumenthal of misrepresenting his nominee. February 10th 2017 2 days ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/USA/ SPICER MEANT ORLANDO, NOT ATLANTA, TERROR ATTACK White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer claims he meant to say Orlando when he repeatedly referenced a terror attack in Atlanta during interviews and a press briefing last week. Mr Spicer first referred to an Atlanta attack in an interview on January 29 on ABC’s This Week. He also named the city in reference to a terror attack during an appearance on MSNBC’s Morning Joe on January 30 and in a press briefing later that day. Mr Spicer told ABC News in an email that he “clearly meant Orlando.” Mr Spicer isn’t the only Trump administration official to refer to a terror attack that never happened. Ms Conway referred to a “Bowling Green Massacre” during an interview with MSNBC last week. She now says she misspoke. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer repeatedly referred to a terror attack that never happened. Picture: AFP/Mandel NganSource:AFP TRUMPS APPROVE NEW SOCIAL SECRETARY The White House has revealed its new social secretary, touting her two decade plus of “entertaining experience.” Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd, a longtime Washington event planner who goes by Rickie, will report to First Lady Melania Trump, and be responsible for state dinners and social events. “Rickie brings with her over twenty-two years of solid diplomatic, political and social entertaining experience,” Melania Trump said in a statement. “I am looking forward to sharing my ideas and traditions of entertaining and social hospitality to America’s house, my new home as well.” Since coming into office, the first lady has not announced what initiatives she plans to focus on. The new social secretary will report to Melania Trump. Picture: AFP/Mandel NganSource:AFP Leave a comment Add your comment to this story Show Comments Jump back to top Right now in world 157Readers South China Sea: Will Donald Trump and Beijing go to war? 89Readers Iranians march to mark 1979 revolution, send message to US t... 69Readers Matthew Badger whose children Lily, Grace and Sarah died in ... world breaking news 07:38Angry elephant takes aim at tourist 06:30Polish PM rushed to hospital after crash 04:25See Rosie as Trump’s top man 19:19Travel ban might get a slight tweak 11:16Trump: ‘He better be careful’ A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
X Edition: United Kingdom Business Business Home Deals Aerospace & Defence Autos Banks Central Banks Reuters Summits Business Video Markets Markets Home UK Markets European Markets Market Analysis Global Market Data Indices Stocks Earnings FXpert Currencies Commodities Funds World World Home Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Germany France U.S. China Middle East Africa Russia India Japan World Video UK UK Home Politics Economy Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Money Money Home Analyst Research Fund Screener Commentary Commentary Home Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Sport Sport Home Football Formula One Tennis Cricket Golf Rugby Union Sport Video Life Lifestyle Home Health Environment Entertainment Arts Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Entertainment Video Environment Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Tata Steel UK agrees to sell speciality steel business to Liberty House Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu Feb 9, 2017 | 5:22pm GMT Tata Steel UK agrees to sell speciality steel business to Liberty House A company logo is seen outside the Tata steelworks near Rotherham in Britain, in this March 30, 2016 file photo. REUTERS/Phil Noble/File Photo By Maytaal Angel and Devidutta Tripathy | MUMBAI/LONDON MUMBAI/LONDON Tata Steel UK has signed a 100 million pound deal to sell its speciality steel business to Liberty House Group, as the firm's Indian owner Tata Steel Ltd (TISC.NS) presses on with restructuring its European operations. The deal, which is subject to regulatory clearances, secures 1,700 jobs, mostly in South Yorkshire in the north of England, Britain's largest steelmaker said in a statement on Thursday. The speciality division is one of the world's biggest suppliers for the aerospace industry, with customers including Rolls-Royce (RR.L), Boeing (BA.N) and Airbus (AIR.PA). "This is an important step forward in securing a future for the (speciality) business. Today's news also marks another important step forward in realising a more sustainable future for our Port Talbot-based supply chain in the UK," said Bimlendra Jha, chief executive of Tata Steel UK. The deal will make privately-owned Liberty House one of Britain's largest steel employers with 4,000 workers. The speciality business has the capacity to make 1.1 million tonnes of liquid steel a year from recycled scrap. On completion of the deal, Tata Steel will employ some 9,000 people in Britain, around half of them based in Port Talbot, Wales, home to Britain's largest steelworks. For every steel job saved, around four jobs are retained in related sectors. UK Business Secretary Greg Clark said: "I look forward to hearing more about (Liberty House's) expansion plan. We want to work with the steel industry to transform and upgrade their sector as part of the (government's) Industrial Strategy." Tata Steel Ltd, India's biggest steelmaker by overall capacity, is in talks to merge its European operations, including its remaining British businesses, with Germany's Thyssenkrupp (TKAG.DE). The success of the talks hinges on Tata getting regulatory approval to spin off its 15 billion pound pension scheme into a standalone entity, because Thyssenkrupp will not take on the British unit's pension liabilities in the event of a merger. Tata Steel said it was seeking to develop a "structural solution for its UK pension scheme in the coming months", and it was also consulting employees on how to secure a sustainable future for its remaining British business. The steelmaker's British employees have been balloted on closing the pension scheme to future accrual, with vote results due this month. But that is only the first step towards separation of a scheme that has 130,000 members. Liberty House, part of the Gupta Family Group, expressed an interest in buying all of Tata Steel UK last year, before Tata Steel Ltd decided against a sale of the whole business in order to pursue a tie-up with Thyssenkrupp. (Corrects wording of first paragraph) (Reporting by Devidutta Tripathy; Editing by Mark Potter and Adrian Croft) Next In Business News Manufacturing jump shows economy ended 2016 strongly despite Brexit vote LONDON British manufacturing grew more strongly than expected in December, showing the economy remained resilient to the end of the year despite June's Brexit vote shock, although 2017 looks likely to be more difficult. Former RBS vice-chairman among investors seeking to join rights issue case LONDON A group of senior businessmen are among investors seeking to join a lawsuit against Royal Bank of Scotland saying they were misled over its massive rights issue in 2008, according to sources and court documents. Tata Steel, Thyssenkrupp merger talks face extensive delays LONDON Investors expecting a deal this year in Tata Steel's talks to merge its European assets with Germany's Thyssenkrupp risk disappointment, given complications associated with the Indian-owned firm's British pension scheme. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Spaceflight Under Trump, NASA May Focus on Jump-Starting Space Economy: Report By Mike Wall, Space.com Senior Writer | February 9, 2017 03:27pm ET MORE The first stage of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket touches down on the drone ship "Just Read the Instructions" on Jan. 14, 2017, shortly after helping to loft 10 satellites for the communications company Iridium. Credit: SpaceX Twitter The Trump administration is considering shifting NASA's focus toward "the large-scale economic development of space," according to Politico. The new vision for NASA would pit "old space" stalwarts such as Boeing and Lockheed Martin against "new space" upstarts such as SpaceX and Blue Origin, in a race to jump-start a new space economy, Politico reported today (Feb. 9), citing internal Trump administration documents. These spaceflight companies would compete to mount a variety of missions, including bold journeys to the moon. "The more ambitious administration vision could include new moon landings that 'see private American astronauts, on private spaceships, circling the moon by 2020; and private lunar landers staking out de facto 'property rights' for America on the moon, by 2020 as well,' according to a summary of an 'agency action plan' that the [Trump] trasition [team] drew up for NASA late last month," Politico wrote. The plan would also turn over low-Earth orbit (LEO) more fully to the private sector, which would operate space stations and tourism activities. (The federal government would retain a foothold in LEO with its military and reconnaissance satellites.) "NASA's new strategy will prioritize economic growth and the organic creation of new industries and private-sector jobs, over 'exploration' and other esoteric activities," the action plan summary states, according to Politico. "Done correctly, this could create a trillion-dollar-per-year space economy, dominated by America." Read the full story at Politico. Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Editor's Recommendations What President Trump Means for NASA 50 Years of Presidential Visions for Space Exploration Why Go Back To The Moon? Retracing The Last Footsteps | Video Author Bio Mike Wall, Space.com Senior Writer Michael was a science writer for the Idaho National Laboratory and has been an intern at Wired.com, The Salinas Californian newspaper, and the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. He has also worked as a herpetologist and wildlife biologist. He has a Ph.D. in evolutionary biology from the University of Sydney, Australia, a bachelor's degree from the University of Arizona, and a graduate certificate in science writing from the University of California, Santa Cruz. To find out what his latest project is, you can follow Mike on Google+. Mike Wall, Space.com Senior Writer on Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL AFLW Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting Cars RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Classifieds Tributes Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Spotlight on Brand new weatherboard fetches $1.71m at auction, as eastern suburb Mitcham enjoys high demand Auction wrap Warehouse conversions, St Kilda West apartment star as Melbourne auction market ramps up Monster catch Monster shark sightings surge off Victorian coast Cruisy ride Hundreds of Melburnians float down the Yarra River for the 2017 Inflatable Regatta Hamish McLachlan Hamish McLachlan goes one on one with Melbourne Cup winning trainer Darren Weir Waiting game Police yet to lay charges against alleged Springvale bank arsonist three months after attack MFWF Melbourne Food and Wine Festival plates up 25th helping of delicious treats On the run Man escapes mental health facility by jumping in Murray River No money Missing boy found trying to buy hot cross buns at Endeavour Hills Coles Anti-betting Bulldogs premiership player Easton Wood slams gambling in the AFL Macca’s fracas Dramatic footage shows police officers clash with irate driver outside Altona North McDonald’s Reform protest Taxi drivers and their families protest on steps of State Parliament On the rise AFLW stars could pocket pay rises whether AFL offers them or not Weather Victoria continues to swelter through heatwave with temperatures over 40C Photo fun Geelong Football Club invites 15yo Corio boy Bryce McKiernan to fun team photo session Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Best Odds Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ג שבט תשע"ז   |   Thursday, February 9, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business FOCUS: President Trump Takes Credit for F-35 Cost Cuts, but They’ve Been Planned for a While FOCUS: President Trump Takes Credit for F-35 Cost Cuts, but They’ve Been Planned for a While By Alex Daugherty Thursday, February 9, 2017 at 5:11 pm | י"ג שבט תשע"ז WASHINGTON (McClatchy Washington Bureau/TNS) - Lockheed Martin’s deal to sell a new round of F-35s at a reduced cost to the Pentagon had little to do with President Donald Trump despite the commander in chief’s boasts to the contrary. The company, one of the largest employers in Fort Worth, Texas, had planned for months to sell the fighter jets for under $100 million apiece, and both supporters and detractors of the most expensive weapons program in the nation’s history say President Trump has done little to mitigate costs beyond public statements and social media posts. The president, who loves to riff about cajoling Fortune 500 CEO’s into doing his bidding, has now positioned himself as the savior of the F-35 fighter jet program run by Lockheed, a past Twitter target. “I have already saved more than $700 million when I got involved in the negotiation on the F-35. You know about that,” he said Monday at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Fla. “And I want to thank Lockheed Martin. And I want to thank Boeing. And I want to thank all of the companies that have really opened up. Opened up and cut their prices.” But in reality the F-35 is years removed from a half decade of the well-publicized cost overruns in the mid 2000s. “Some people call it alternative facts, I call it just flat-out exaggeration,” said Rep. Marc Veasey, a Texas Democrat who supports the F-35 program. “These cuts were already set to be put in place before Donald Trump even became president, and people have been talking about the costs of the F-35 for quite some time,” Veasey said. “The only thing Donald Trump did was spread fear and uncertainty through Fort Worth and cost the company billions of dollars when he made the stock prices go down.” Just days before the November 2016 election, the Pentagon issued a $6.1 billion “unilateral” contract for 57 of the F-35 aircraft, an agreement that locked in Lockheed’s profit margin for a portion of the massive program. Lockheed disagreed with that decision because the government was able to set Lockheed’s margins without the company’s consent. That November contract decreased the cost per plane by 3.7 percent to just over $107 million per plane. “The atrocity is not that he’s (Trump) taking credit for numbers already on paper, it’s that he’s taking credit for people who did really hard work that he would like to fire,” said Richard Aboulafia, a military aircraft analyst with Teal Group, a Northern Virginia based aeronautics analysis firm. A White House spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment. The recent $600 million cuts to the latest F-35 contract inked by Lockheed are a product of increased orders for the planes, meaning that more demand drives down the unit cost per aircraft, and the cuts have been anticipated for years as Lockheed ramps up production. The planes aren’t just being delivered to the United States. Israel received its first shipment of F-35s in December 2016, and 11 countries are involved in building and testing the aircraft. Lt. Gen. Chris Bogdan, who heads the F-35 Joint Program Office at the Pentagon, said in December to Breaking Defense before the cuts were announced and Trump took office that he expected the newest order for planes “to come down in price significantly … probably somewhere on the order of 6 to 7 percent.” The announced $600 million cuts fall in the 6- to 7-percent ballpark Bogdan predicted in December. Lockheed is playing ball with Trump’s recent declarations, saying in a statement last week that “President Trump’s personal involvement in the F-35 program accelerated the negotiations and sharpened our focus on driving down the price. The agreement was reached in a matter of weeks and represents significant savings over previous contracts. This is a good deal for the American taxpayer, our country, our company and our suppliers.” — HOW THE PENTAGON BUYS F-35S The Pentagon buys F-35s in batches and negotiates with Lockheed on a total price for each batch. As Lockheed ramps up production, the cost per plane goes down. In November, Lockheed was forced to agree to a $6.1 billion contract for ninth batch of 57 F-35 fighter jets in a unilateral contract agreement, putting the price per plane at just over $107 million. In January, Lockheed agreed to a deal for the 10th batch of F-35s for a cost of less than $100 million per plane. There are three variants of the F-35 for each branch of the armed forces. The conventional version of the F-35 the Army uses is cheaper than the F-35s ordered by the Marines and Navy, which have additional capabilities for vertical landings and landing on aircraft carriers. — Max Baker contributed to this report. Filed under: Airplane, Donald Trump, Military Print Email Gmail Related Lockheed CEO Tells Trump Company Will Add 1,800 F-35 Jobs in Fort Worth Lockheed Shares Fall as Trump Writes F-35 Program Is ‘Costly’ Boeing CEO Sees “Near Term” Plane Deal After Trump Meeting Pentagon, Lockheed Near Deal On $9 Billion F-35 Contract F-35 Review Could Impact Israeli Procurement More in Business U.S. Stock Indexes Move Higher, Renewing Record Highs Germany’s 2016 Trade Surplus Sets Record, May Fuel U.S. Tensions Asian Shares Advance, Japan Slips as PM Abe-President Trump Meeting Looms Business Briefs – February 8, 2017 New Nasdaq Record on Mixed Day For U.S. Stocks as Oil Rebounds OP-ED The (Sensible) Fine Print on Trump’s Regulation Order Marine Le Pen’s Kippah Ban Proposal A Commendable Choice for the High Court Much Pain, No Gain Fortunate Fallout? The Role of a Great-Grandfather Thank G-d for Harry Reid A (Qualified) Defense of the Ban Vetting the Vetted Democrats Are Now the Party of ‘No.’ Is That Enough to Win Back the Country? Misophonia Watch Libya for the First Sign of Trump-Putin Collaboration Politics and Pulpits Kindling Light in the Darkness Features Sudoku – February 9, 2017 You Must Be Joking Editorial Cartoon – February 9, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 13 Shevat/February 9 Six Ways to Keep Your Kids Healthy During Winter How a Full Spice Cabinet Can Keep You Healthy And a Shmear This Day In History 13 Shevat/February 9 This Day In History 12 Shevat/February 8 Understanding the Maven Animal Expression Sudoku – February 8, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 12 Shevat/February 8 This Day In History 11 Shevat/February 7 Weather » Brooklyn 25°F Mist See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,715.18 +32.73 (+0.58%) S&P 500 2,307.87 +13.20 (+0.58%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9382 GBP 0.8002 ILS 3.7468 CHF 1.0014 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Share 21 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-11 Jimmy Fallon V. Alec Baldwin: Whose Donald Trump Impression Is Best? [Video] Entertainment 2017-02-10 ‘The Bachelor’ Nick Viall Admits To Hiding Boners And Farting On Dates Entertainment 2017-02-09 BTS ‘Spring Day’ Teaser: Jin, Jimin, JK’s MV Death Flags Sets Fandom On Fire Entertainment, News, Sports 2017-02-09 Seth Rollins Injury May Turn Out To Be More Severe Than Was Previously Expected. News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-02-11 Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators News 2017-02-11 Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year News 2017-02-10 Snow Moon 2017: Lunar Eclipse Shines With Comet Tonight News 2017-02-10 San Franciscans To Go Naked For Valentine’s Day Nude Protest Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-02-11 Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Wrestling 2017-02-11 Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Basketball 2017-02-10 Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant Face Off For First Time In OKC — Will Fans Boo? Wrestling 2017-02-10 WWE News: Former Champion Recalls Vince McMahon’s Reaction Upon Quitting WWE Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-10 7 NYC Valentine’s Day Prix-Fixe Menus You’ll Love Lifestyle 2017-02-10 Vacheron Constantin Teams With Hodinkee To Produce Limited Edition Watch Lifestyle 2017-02-09 National Pizza Day 2017: Free Pizza Dreams And Other Odd National Day Events Lifestyle 2017-02-06 Online Security: Stay Safe While Surfing The Web Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-09 Indian Woman Cheats Death After Live Cockroach Pulled From Her Skull Health 2017-02-09 Male Contraceptive Gel Like ‘Reversible Vasectomy,’ Aiming For 2020 Release Health 2017-02-08 Norovirus: Infectious Even After We’re Well – And Hand Sanitizer Won’t Save Us Health 2017-02-07 Brew Up: Tea Has ‘Lifesaving’ Potential And Can Fight Off Killer Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-10 ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: The Oldest Running MMORPG In The World Gaming 2017-02-10 Steam Greenlight Gets Red Lit: Valve Replaces Program With Steam Direct Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: ‘Infinity: Battlescape’ And The Long Journey To Creation BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Indian ‘Stigmata’ Boy Perplexes Doctors, Teen Bleeds Randomly 10 Times A Day BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Kendra Sunderland’s Tinder Date: What The Former ‘Library Girl’ Has Been Up To BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 ‘Pokemon GO’ Event For Valentine’s Day: Fill Your Pokedex Before Time Runs Out. BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Rosie O’Donnell Morphs Into Steve Bannon In New Twitter Profile Photo SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Donald Trump’s Twitter Attack On Nordstrom Backfires News Analysis 21 0 0 February 9, 2017 Donald Trump’s Twitter Attack On Nordstrom Backfires John Butler Donald Trump’s Twitter attacks on various major companies garnered tons of attention for their ability to impact company values into the billions. However, the president’s latest attack on Nordstrom appears to have backfired. Why is the failure of Trump’s latest Twitter attack important? It lies in the fact his previous tweets against prominent companies affected stock prices significantly. Take for example Lockheed Martin, the makers of the F-35 fighter program. When Trump blasted the company back in December, Lockheed stock plunged. According to the LA Times, “Lockheed shares took an instant hit, falling as much as $13.60, or more than 5%, to as low as $247.10 in pre-market trading. They eventually recovered and closed Monday afternoon at $253.11, a loss of nearly 2.5% from the Friday before.” In a market where fractions of a percent change equate to millions of dollars in profit or loss, such a major upheaval can cost a company massively. LA Times further pointed out, “The early action in Lockheed Martin stock on Dec. 12 cut $3.8 billion from its market value, followed by a loss of $1.8 billion after the close of trading Thursday.” Donald and Ivanka Trump [Image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images] All this simply from the Twitter count of a president-elect. And Lockheed Martin is not alone in in the Trump Twitter troubles. When Donald targeted Boeing over the expenses involved with building new Air Force One planes, their stock also dipped by about 1%, but was able to recover by the end of trading that day. Toyota also lost large sums when Trump fired at them over the planned expansion of factories in Mexico. IBT reports that thanks to Trump’s Twitter attack “the stock market still punished Toyota, whose shares dropped 1.69 percent on the Tokyo Stock Exchange during Friday trade. Its ADR shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange were lower by 0.57 percent during trade Thursday and fell another 0.42 percent after hours.” So why is the Nordstrom Twitter attack important? This is one of the first times where a Trump Twitter attack on a company did not result in significant losses. In fact, Nordstrom stock value actually grew by about 4% by the end of the day, despite a fractional dip in value around the time of the Tweet. The net gain to the company’s value was around $450 million dollars. The fact Trump’s Nordstrom Twitter attack failed may partially defang the president’s future Tweets against companies. [Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images] One of the factors which makes this Twitter attack different from others launched by the POTUS is the personal nature of the Tweet. Instead of being on the side of the country, as could be argued regarding the other attacks, this assault was the direct result of Nordstrom dropping Ivanka Trump’s clothing line. The company claims the reasons were not politically motivated, but rather because Ivanka’s line was doing poorly. Large numbers of celebrities have already come out with support for the retailer, putting their money to work. Rosie O’Donnell, Trump’s long-time nemesis, even published a Tweet of her own showing her recent purchase order. shop nordstrom ! pic.twitter.com/lDwRnkIch9 — ROSIE (@Rosie) February 9, 2017 And as no surprise, SNL’s Aidy Bryant expressed her appreciation too. Been very into Nordstrom for a long time. Yah, I shopped there but in high school I used to really get down on the panini in their cafe. — Aidy Bryant (@aidybryant) February 8, 2017 The support Nordstrom is receiving is no doubt part of the opposition to Donald Trump. The movement, #grabyourwallet, started back in October after the allegations of sexual assault against Trump began. The movement has targeted not just Ivanka’s clothing line, but even retailers which sell her items. So what are your thoughts on Trump’s Twitter attack on Nordstrom? [Featured Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Jeff Sessions Confirmed By Senate As Attorney General Now Read This: Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into ‘Authoritarian Mode’ Share 21 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author John Butler Tags: Donald Trump, donald trump twitter, Nordstrom October 23, 2016 ‘The Walking Dead’ Must Kill This Character To Save Season 7 October 22, 2016 Could ‘Logan’ Success Lay The Groundwork For ‘Last Of Us’ Movie? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Heavily Pregnant Natalie Portman Makes Public Appearances As Due Date Nears Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Gwen Stefani To Blake Shelton: ‘Be Nice’ To ‘The Voice’ Costar Adam Levine Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators Bizarre Public Sex: Car Owner Discovers A Perverted Trio On His Vehicle Dusty Rose Makes Public Debut In Adam Levine’s Hollywood Walk Of Fame Ceremony Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Spider-Man Won’t Be The Only Marvel Character New To ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ ‘The Walking Dead’ Producer Says Alexandria Will Be Heroes In Season 7B ‘Spy In The Wild’: New PBS Show Reveals Secret Life Of Animals [Video] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘The Voice’ Fans Say They ‘Won’t Watch’ If Adam Levine And Blake Shelton Leave 6.4k 0 0 Comet, Eclipse, And Full Moon Set For Friday — How, Where, And When To Watch 5.2k 0 0 Danielle Stislicki Update: New Photos Released On Web Of Missing Michigan Woman 3.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga’s Belly Steals The Super Bowl Halftime Show 56.1k 0 0 Brad Pitt Reportedly Refused To Pay $100K A Month In Child Support To Angelina 3.2k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle To Replace Mick Foley As ‘RAW’ General Manager? 2k 0 0 Recent Videos News Statue Of Liberty Beheaded By Trump On German Magazine Cover Politics Donald Trump Reacts On Twitter To “Ridiculous” Court Decision Politics Nancy Pelosi Calls Steve Bannon A “White Supremacist” Politics Donald Trump’s Solution To Supreme Court Gridlock Is “Go Nuclear” Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
White House adviser 'counseled' after brand promotion - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Call for Action Delays and Closings Seen on TV Absolutely Alabama Traffic Tracker WBRC Road Warrior Gas Prices Contests Mickey's Weather Kids Editorials Recipes Finding Forever Families News Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Delays and Closings WBRC Weather App Sign Up for Weather Alerts Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Raycom Media Camellia Bowl Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pets Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pets Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report White House adviser 'counseled' after brand promotion 2017-02-10T01:52:08Z2017-02-10T01:52:08Z (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci, File). FILE - In this Nov. 11, 2016 file photo, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Nordstrom shares sunk after President Trump tweeted that the department store chain had t... (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File). FILE - In this May 13, 2016 file photo, the Nordstrom logo is displayed above the post where it trades on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York. Nordstrom shares sunk after President Trump tweeted that the ... By JULIE BYKOWICZ and BERNARD CONDON Associated Press Writers WASHINGTON (AP) - The White House has "counseled" a top aide to President Donald Trump after she promoted Ivanka Trump's fashion line during a national cable television appearance from the White House. But House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz says that's not enough, calling what Kellyanne Conway did "wrong, wrong, wrong, clearly over the line, unacceptable." The Utah Republican congressman and Democratic Oversight Leader Elijah Cummings jointly asked the Office of Government Ethics to review the matter. Chaffetz also said he will write a formal letter to the White House lodging his irritation. He said White House press secretary Sean Spicer's remark Thursday that Conway has been "counseled" doesn't go far enough. "It needs to be dealt with," he said in an interview with The Associated Press. It's the first time during the young administration that Chaffetz has questioned an ethical matter. Speaking later to Utah lawmakers, Chaffetz added: "Of course I'm going to call that out. My job is not to be a cheerleader for the president." The White House said later Thursday that Trump "absolutely" continues to support Conway. In response to questions from The Associated Press, the White House said Trump didn't see Conway's interview on Fox News. But a spokeswoman said Trump "understands she was merely sticking up for a wonderful woman who she has great respect for and felt was treated unfairly." In an interview later Thursday evening on Fox, Conway declined to discuss the case but said she had spoken with Trump and "he supports me 100 percent." The ethics dustup began Wednesday with the president himself. Reacting to news that a department store had dropped his daughter's line of clothing and accessories, Trump tweeted - and retweeted from the official presidential account - that Ivanka Trump had been treated "so unfairly by @Nordstrom." Ivanka Trump does not have a specific role in the White House but moved to Washington with her husband, Jared Kushner, who is one of Trump's closest advisers. She followed her father's approach on business ties by handing over operating control of her fashion company but retaining ownership of it. In a Thursday morning interview with Fox News from the White House briefing room, Conway urged people to "go buy Ivanka's stuff," boasting that she was giving the brand "a free commercial here." While Trump and Vice President Mike Pence are not subject to ethical regulations and laws for federal employees, Conway, who is a counselor to the president, is. Among the rules: An employee shall not use his or her office "for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise." "For whatever reason, the White House staff evidently believes that they are protected from the law the same way the president and vice president are," said Stuart Gilman, a former special assistant to the director of Office of Government Ethics. He called Conway's comments "unbelievable" and said they risk wrecking the U.S.'s reputation around the world as a model for government employee ethics. Midday Thursday, the Office of Government Ethics sent a series of tweets saying the office has seen an "extraordinary" response from people emailing, calling and submitting information online about "recent events." The office advises federal employees on such issues but is not an enforcement agency; enforcement falls to Congress, the General Accounting Office, the FBI, various inspectors general and others, OGE noted on Twitter. Ultimately, it is up to Trump to punish employees for ethics infractions. It's been a rough week for Conway. Her reference to a non-existent "Bowling Green massacre" in an MSNBC appearance made her a punchline for comics and Internet pranksters. She explained that it was a slip of the tongue and that she was referring to the 2011 arrest of two Iraqi nationals in Kentucky in a failed plot to send weapons overseas to al-Qaida, but it was subsequently found that she had made that misstatement before. She also drew scrutiny from a tense interview with CNN. In addition to the House Oversight Committee, two liberal-funded government watchdog groups pounced on Conway's comments, filing ethics violation complaints with the Office of Government Ethics. A third group, the Project on Government Oversight, asked Attorney General Jeff Sessions to open a Justice Department investigation into possible ethics violations. Spicer said Wednesday that Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter" when he posted the tweet and that "he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." Ethics lawyers had a different interpretation. The implication, intended or not: Hurt my daughter's business and the Oval Office will come after you. "This is a shot across the bow to everybody who is doing business with Trump or his family," said Norman Eisen, who was President Barack Obama's chief ethics counselor. "It's warning them: Don't withdraw their business." Nordstrom reiterated Wednesday that its decision to drop Ivanka Trump's brand was based on its performance, not politics. The company said sales of her items had steadily declined over the past year, particularly in the last half of 2016, "to the point where it didn't make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now." ___ Associated Press writers Michelle Price in Salt Lake City, Catherine Lucey and Chad Day in Washington and Anne D'Innocenzio, Matthew Ott and David Bauder in New York contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school Posted: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:51 AM EST2017-02-11 08:51:07 GMT Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:51 AM EST2017-02-11 08:51:08 GMT Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' attempt to mend fences with teachers and parents across the country has gotten off to a rocky start. More >> Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' attempt to mend fences with teachers and parents across the country has gotten off to a rocky start.More >> Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo surgery soon Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo surgery soon Posted: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:07 AM EST2017-02-11 08:07:11 GMT Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:07 AM EST2017-02-11 08:07:11 GMT An Iranian infant soon will have life-saving heart surgery in Portland after she was temporarily banned from coming into the U.S. by President Donald Trump's immigration order. More >> An Iranian infant soon will have life-saving heart surgery in Portland after she was temporarily banned from coming into the U.S. by President Donald Trump's immigration order.More >> Ice jam breaks, allowing some Idaho flood waters to recede Ice jam breaks, allowing some Idaho flood waters to recede Authorities in northern Idaho are warning residents who live along the St. Joe River to expect flooding when an ice jam on the river breaks free.More >> Authorities in northern Idaho are warning residents who live along the St. Joe River to expect flooding when an ice jam on the river breaks free.More >> Homeland Security head is pressed to define 'sanctuary city' Homeland Security head is pressed to define 'sanctuary city' Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 11:42 PM EST2017-02-11 04:42:55 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:42 PM EST2017-02-11 04:42:55 GMT U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on a tour of nation's border with Mexico that he couldn't define a sanctuary city.More >> U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on a tour of nation's border with Mexico that he couldn't define a sanctuary city.More >> AP FACT CHECK: Are immigration raids result of Trump policy? AP FACT CHECK: Are immigration raids result of Trump policy? Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:59 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:59 GMT (AP Photo/Nick Ut). Marlene Mosqueda, left, who's father was deported early Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, is comforted at a news conference by her attorney Karla Navarrette at The Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles (CHIRLA). Advocacy groups claim that Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers are rounding up people in large numbers around the country as part of stepped-up enforcement under President Donald Trump. More >> Advocacy groups claim that Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers are rounding up people in large numbers around the country as part of stepped-up enforcement under President Donald Trump.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home News Trump vs Nordstrom: The latest bout raising ethical concerns Trump vs Nordstrom: The latest bout raising ethical concerns Feb 9, 2017 The Associated Press   0 The White House is rushing to the defence of Ivanka Trump’s company _ the latest sign the president can’t seem to separate the presidency from his family’s businesses. President Donald Trump added to a string of presidential firsts on Wednesday, and drew fire from ethics lawyers, with a Twitter attack on Nordstrom. The Seattle-based retailer stoked Trump’s rage by dropping his daughter Ivanka’s clothing and accessory line. The implication, intended or not: Hurt my daughter’s business, and the Oval Office will come after you. “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by ?Nordstrom,” the president tweeted. “She is a great person _ always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” The government-led cheerleading for Ivanka Trump’s private enterprise didn’t end there. White House counsellor Kellyanne Conway, in an interview Thursday with Fox News from the White House briefing room, encouraged people to “go buy Ivanka’s stuff.” She boasted that she was giving the brand “a free commercial here.” While Trump himself is not subject to the standards of ethical conduct for federal employees, Conway is. Among the rules: An employee shall not use his or her office “for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise.” Ivanka Trump does not have a specific role in the White House but moved to Washington with her husband, who is one of Trump’s closest advisers. She followed her father’s approach on business ties by handing over operating control of her fashion company but retaining ownership of it. Though Trump has tweeted about companies such as Boeing, Carrier and General Motors, ethics experts say this time was different. It involved his daughter’s business, which raises conflict-of-interest concerns. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump was responding to an “attack on his daughter” when he posted the tweet and that “he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success.” The Ivanka Trump flare-up follows revelations that first lady Melania Trump expected to develop “multi-million dollar business relationships” tied to her presence in the White House, according to a lawsuit she filed on Monday. Ethics experts have criticized Trump’s plan to separate himself from his sprawling real estate business by handing managerial control to his two adult sons. The experts want him to sell his company. Most modern presidents have sold their financial holdings and put the cash raised in a blind trust whose investments remained unknown to them. Kathleen Clark, a government ethics expert, said the Nordstrom tweet is problematic because other retailers may think twice now about dropping the Ivanka Trump brand for fear of getting criticized publicly by the president. She said it was especially disturbing that Trump retweeted his message on the official White House account. “The implicit threat was that he will use whatever authority he has to retaliate against Nordstrom, or anyone who crosses his interest,” said Clark, a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis. Clark defended the president’s right to use his personal Twitter account to express his views, however. She noted that government workers recently set up alt-EPA accounts to criticize the president’s policies. “A government employee, even a president, is allowed to tweet in his personal capacity.” One of the president’s fiercest ethics critics, Norman Eisen, described the tweet differently _ a “bullying” tactic beneath the dignity of the president’s office. “This is a shot across the bow to everybody who is doing business with Trump or his family,” said Eisen, who was President Barack Obama’s chief ethics counsellor. “It’s warning them: Don’t withdraw their business.” Eisen joined with other legal scholars and lawyers to sue the president last month for allegedly violating a clause in the Constitution that prohibits government officials from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments. Though other legal scholars disagree, Eisen said such payments include foreign diplomats staying at Trump’s new Washington D.C. hotel and holding events there and at the other Trump venues. Trump and his top aides have repeatedly said that Americans do not care about what Eisen and other ethics critics say. “Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world,” Trump wrote on Twitter Nov. 21. Two surveys released in January show that’s not entirely the case. A Quinnipiac University poll found that about 60 per cent of registered voters were at least somewhat concerned that the president would “veto a law that would be good for the country because it would hurt his business interests.” And a Pew Research Center poll found that 57 per cent of American adults were at least somewhat concerned that Trump’s businesses could “conflict with his ability to serve the country’s best interests.” Yet Trump seems to have calculated that his base of supporters forgives _ and maybe even encourages _ his protective bluster about his family businesses. Nordstrom reiterated Wednesday that its decision was based on the brand’s performance, not politics. The company said sales of Ivanka Trump items had steadily declined over the past year, particularly in the last half of 2016, “to the point where it didn’t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now.” Retailers drop brands all the time because of poor performance, said brand consultant Allen Adamson. But given a highly charged political environment, perception is reality for loyal Trump fans. “It is clearly hard for Nordstrom to tell the story that it is dropping (the brand) for business reasons,” said Adamson, founder of the firm Brand Simple. Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture Get our daily briefing on innovation, leadership, technology & the economy. Weekdays at 6 AM ET. Learn More » Enter your email to sign up: Easily unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy & Terms of Service shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
WWW CENTER IAM PENSION TCU UNION NFFE INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MACHINISTS AND AEROSPACE WORKERS Menu Close SUBSCRIBE TO IMAIL Subscribe to imail Email Submit Quick links+ WWW CENTER IAM PENSION TCU UNION NFFE SUBSCRIBE TO IMAIL Subscribe to imail Email Submit Home Get organized About News Departments Territories Resources MNPL Don’t Believe Anti-Union Hype, Cadence Workers Say iMail February 9, 2017 Follow IAM 751 Union Steward Gary Naple, Business Rep Greg Campos and Union Steward Mike Powell. After one year of membership in the Machinists Union, union stewards at Cadence Aerospace-Giddens have this advice for workers at companies in the midst of union votes: Don’t believe what the company’s anti-union consultants say. About anything. “None of it came true,” said Union Steward Gary Naple. “Nobody lost their job. The company’s still here. Our wages went up – they didn’t go down. We were told that we wouldn’t have an open line of communication with management, but it’s 100 times better than it was.” Feb. 16 will mark the one-year anniversary of the date Cadence-Giddens workers ratified their first union contract as members of Machinists Union District Lodge 751. They approved the agreement with a 72-percent “yes” vote. Western Territory General Vice President Gary Allen praised District 751 and the members at Cadence Aerospace. “This is a group of intelligent aerospace workers who could see through the company’s anti-union tactics and as result they have seen the benefits of sticking together to obtain better workplace standards,” said Allen. The contract covers about 240 workers who produce precision-machined aerospace components, subassemblies and kits, and do sheet-metal forming for parts that go on Boeing, Airbus and Gulfstream jets. This month, they’ll get their first general wage increases specified under the contract, of 2.5 percent. For Union Steward John Combs, it will be the second-biggest raise he’s received in his nine years at the company. The biggest raise was the 85 cents an hour all Cadence-Giddens workers got when they ratified the contract a year ago. “A lot of people had gone a couple of years with no raises at all,” he said. “Now they realize they’ve got raises coming, and they’re starting to get excited.” In addition, the stewards say they‘ve gained from locking in health care cost shares for three years. A new pay schedule raised entry-level wages $1.50 an hour, plus workers got back a 401(k) match that management had taken away. That combination means each Cadence-Giddens worker will take home thousands of dollars they wouldn’t have had without a union contract, the stewards said. Besides the better pay, all of the workers are enjoying a bit more job security, because they are “just-cause” employees instead of “at-will” workers who can be fired at any time. “Arbitrary firings and write-ups have stopped,” Naple said. Union Steward Mike Powell said communication with all levels of management has improved. “They actually come and get me and let me know when changes are coming.” Instead of knocking heads, union stewards have been working with Human Resources and managers to reduce workplace conflicts, Naple said. Perhaps the greatest testament to the improved relationship is the fact that our union did not file a single grievance in the first year. “We do have a form for it,” joked Business Rep Greg Campos, who represents the Cadence-Giddens workers. That doesn’t mean stewards aren’t fighting for their members. Naple said he went to a manager about a safety issue that had been ignored for years – and it got fixed within a week. Combs said he recently worked with a manager to get an overtime issue resolved on the spot. It wasn’t always this way. Before unionizing, Combs said certain managers would pick on workers. Nobody complained, Naple said, because “if you spoke out, you were treated as someone who needed to be walked out of the building.” When workers decided to unionize, management didn’t play nice. Anti-union consultants tried to scare Cadence-Giddens workers out of voting for the union, saying the plant would lose work and might just close. “They started clearing out a space in the shipping department,” Naple said. “They said ‘When you guys unionize, all this work is going away.’” But the stewards said hourly employment at Cadence-Giddens is virtually unchanged since February 2016, and the company has been able to win new work. All in all, the situation is “completely opposite” of what the anti-union consultants said would happen if Cadence-Giddens workers unionized, said Campos. “It’s been very good,” he said. “Together, we’re fostering better communication. We want to work together with management so that the company is profitable, while we make sure it does the right thing for the employees.” Naple agreed. “I can’t think of one thing that went sour because we unionized, and I can’t think of one thing that came true that the union-busters said would happen.” Originally formed in 1935 by hourly workers at the Boeing Co., District Lodge 751 of the International Association of Machinists & Aerospace Workers now represents more than 31,000 working men and women at 53 employers across Washington and California. Reposted from IAM District 751 Blog RELATED ARTICLES ‘Solidarity Lunch Walks’ Help Milwaukee Members Secure New Contract Read more Snowstorm Be Damned; California Army Depot Workers Vote IAM Read more Don’t Believe Anti-Union Hype, Cadence Workers Say Read more MOST POPULAR NEWS / ARTICLES Happy Holidays from IAM Grand Lodge Read more Machinists Show Giving Spirit this Holiday Season Read more Boeing Workers in South Carolina to Vote on Union Representation Read more MOST RECENT NEWS / ARTICLES ‘Solidarity Lunch Walks’ Help Milwaukee Members Secure New Contract Read more Snowstorm Be Damned; California Army Depot Workers Vote IAM Read more Don’t Believe Anti-Union Hype, Cadence Workers Say Read more Get IAM MOBILE 4.0 IAM Mobile 4.0 offers more features and functions to read and share information about our union and the important issues we face as working families. This app combines all of the IAM's popular online functions such as the IAM Journal, the Machinists News Network on demand video service, the IAM webpage GOiam.org, iMail, an IAM Photo Gallery, the IAM Facebook Page, and lots more -- all in one easy-to-access App for tablets and smartphones. Social Wall Join the IAM Contact us History / Timeline iMail Signup Press Releases Events Calendar Resources Member rights IAM Store Trust Fund Pension Fund IAM RSS Feeds WWW Center IAM Journal Union Member Rights and Officer Responsibilities Under the LMRDA The Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act (LMRDA) guarantees certain rights to union members and imposes certain responsibilities on union officers. More Privacy & Policies Sitemap © 2016 IAMAW
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Visa crackdown puts these rural doctors at risk World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Tough federal bank regulator calls it quits Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Young British men are earning less than previous generation Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury GM's Bolt EV ready to take on Tesla Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Marketplace Middle East Emirates Airline: We support more than a million U.S. jobs by Zahraa Alkhalisi   @CNNMoneyInvest February 9, 2017: 3:48 PM ET Emirates CEO: We contribute to the US economy Gulf airlines are fighting back hard against claims they're destroying American jobs. They say the opposite is true. American Airlines (AAL), Delta (DAL) and United want President Trump's administration to review agreements that allow their Gulf rivals to fly freely from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar to any U.S. destination. They say Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways have an unfair advantage because of government subsidies worth $50 billion. "We really want to create more jobs in the U.S. and support the economy in the U.S.," Emirates chairman Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum told CNNMoney's Richard Quest in an exclusive interview. "We carry nearly 4,000 people into the U.S. everyday, we invested 140 billion [U.S. dollars] and supported over a million peoples' jobs." Related: Are America's airports going to be great again? Emirates says it has ordered 346 Boeing 777s worth $140 billion at list prices since 1991. Including maintenance and repair deals with GE (GE), Emirates says those past and future orders support more than a million jobs. Abu Dhabi's airline, Etihad, says it supported more than 100,000 American jobs and contributed $10 billion to the U.S. economy in 2016 alone. And Qatar Airways says Gulf airlines have been following Trump's "America First" mantra for a very long time. "[Trump] should try to support us because we always... bring America first by ordering American manufactured goods for our airlines, contrary to what the others are doing -- placing large airplane orders with European, Brazilian and Canadian manufacturers," Qatar CEO Akbar Al Baker told CNNMoney. Related: Warren Buffett's big bet on airlines flies high Al Baker said he would welcome an investigation by an independent third party into the claims of unfair subsidies. "We are publishing our accounts, we are not running our airlines the way we are perceived to run [them] and we have open books and President Trump is most welcome to appoint a special counsel to look at this," he said. Aviation industry executives, including the CEOs of Delta and United, are meeting Trump on Thursday. American Airlines CEO Doug Parker will not attend due to an annual company leadership retreat in Dallas. The Open Skies Agreements is not officially on the agenda, said one of the people familiar with the meeting. That doesn't mean it won't come up. But if it does, Trump will have to consider not only jobs at Boeing and GE but also the views of carriers such as Hawaiian Airlines and JetBlue Airways (JBLU) who want the Open Skies agreements with the UAE and Qatar to continue unchanged. Those airlines want to keep passengers on the Middle East airlines flowing to their U.S. flights from overseas. CNNMoney (Dubai) First published February 9, 2017: 11:27 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending San Francisco is taxing the rich to pay for free community college Nordstrom stock defies Trump Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Visa crackdown puts these rural doctors at risk World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Tough federal bank regulator calls it quits Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Young British men are earning less than previous generation Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury GM's Bolt EV ready to take on Tesla Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Trumponomics Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines by Chris Isidore and Rene Marsh   @CNNMoney February 10, 2017: 1:31 PM ET Trump meets with airline execs President Donald Trump is normally quick to complain about what he sees as unfair foreign competition. But when he met with U.S. airline CEOs Thursday morning at the White House, he signaled that he cannot help them fend off foreign airlines that are heavily subsidized by their governments. It's a big departure for the president who has made "America First" a centerpiece of his administration. The reason: The airlines in question, Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways, buy lots of planes and jet engines from U.S. manufacturers like Boeing (BA), General Electric (GE) and United Technologies (UTX). And that supports thousands of well-paying factory jobs here at home. Trump said he knows that the airlines are "under pressure from a lot of foreign elements and foreign carriers." "At the same time we want to make life good for them also," he added. "They come with big investments. In many cases they're investments that are made by their governments. But they are still big investments." Trump met with the CEOs of United Continental (UAL), Delta Air Lines (DAL) and Southwest (LUV), as well as cargo carriers and officials from many of the nations' largest airports. Under the Open Skies Agreements that the U.S. has signed with foreign countries, three Middle Eastern airlines that get government support from Qatar and the United Arab Emirates have rapidly expanded their reach to U.S. destinations. Related: Aviation executives' wish list for Trump The three biggest U.S. carriers -- American Airlines (AAL), Delta and United -- have loudly objected to the expansion, claiming the Middle Eastern airlines have unfairly benefited from national subsidies. U.S. airlines want the State Department to review the agreement that allows access to the U.S. airports. The U.S. airlines argue that the unfair competition puts some of their jobs at risk. Delta issued a statement after the meeting saying it planned to hire 25,000 workers over the next five years with "the support of a level playing field globally." It did not say how many of those hires would be new jobs and how many would replace current workers who retire or leave. At Thursday's meeting, Trump did promise that the U.S. would invest in transportation infrastructure, improving the nation's airports and air traffic control system. He blamed regulations for interfering with infrastructure upgrades. He also said that often the equipment that does get purchased is "obsolete the day they order it." He said his personal pilot, who is a "real expert" and a "smart guy who knows what is going on," told him the government had been buying the wrong equipment. "Airports are very important to me. Travel is very important to me," said Trump, who once ran an East Coast shuttle airline before it went into bankruptcy. He complained that U.S. airports used to be the best in the world, but that now they're on the bottom rung. "You go to China. You go to Japan, they have fast trains all over. I don't want to compete with your business, but we don't have one fast train," he said, prompting laughter in the room. The Federal Aviation Administration defended itself later Thursday, saying its "NextGen" air traffic modernization projects will produce $2.7 billion in savings to passengers and airlines and more than $160 billion through 2030. The agency called the effort "one of the most ambitious infrastructure and modernization projects in U.S. history." The airlines with executives at the meeting issued statements calling it a useful and productive session. Executives who were present told CNN they were impressed with Trump's knowledge of their industry. "He had done his homework and was well versed on the issues," said one executive. Another called him "an aviation aficionado." He reportedly asked a lot of questions of the executives, especially about the air traffic control system. During the portion of the meetings at which reporters were still in attendance, Trump complained that the government had spent billions of dollars on an air traffic control system that is "totally out of whack." He asked why airlines, which are on record wanting an overhaul of nation's air traffic control system, had "allowed" the government to invest in a faulty system. Southwest CEO Gary Kelly informed Trump that the airlines were "not in control" of those decisions. Trump also said three or four times, "We need to rebuild America's airports," according to another executive. He said he would come up with a way to pay for improvements, without giving any details. Airlines have objected to fees that passengers are forced to pay to cover the cost of improvements and security measures. Trump told the executives, "I don't like fees." -- CNNMoney's Jon Ostrower contributed to this report. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 9, 2017: 1:42 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending San Francisco is taxing the rich to pay for free community college Nordstrom stock defies Trump Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines Posted: Thursday, February 9, 2017 1:54 PM EST Updated: Friday, February 10, 2017 1:59 PM EST President Trump met with the CEOs Southwest, United Continental and Delta, as well as cargo carriers and officials from many of the nations' largest airports. President Trump met with the CEOs of Delta, United Continental, and Southwest, as well as cargo carriers and officials from many of the nations' largest airports. By Chris Isidore and Rene Marsh NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- President Donald Trump is normally quick to complain about what he sees as unfair foreign competition. But when he met with U.S. airline CEOs Thursday morning at the White House, he signaled that he cannot help them fend off foreign airlines that are heavily subsidized by their governments. It's a big departure for the president who has made "America First" a centerpiece of his administration. The reason: The airlines in question, Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways, buy lots of planes and jet engines from U.S. manufacturers like Boeing, General Electric and United Technologies. And that supports thousands of well-paying factory jobs here at home. Trump said he knows that the airlines are "under pressure from a lot of foreign elements and foreign carriers." "At the same time we want to make life good for them also," he added. "They come with big investments. In many cases they're investments that are made by their governments. But they are still big investments." Trump met with the CEOs of United Continental, Delta Air Lines and Southwest, as well as cargo carriers and officials from many of the nations' largest airports. Under the Open Skies Agreements that the U.S. has signed with foreign countries, three Middle Eastern airlines that get government support from Qatar and the United Arab Emirates have rapidly expanded their reach to U.S. destinations. The three biggest U.S. carriers -- American Airlines, Delta and United -- have loudly objected to the expansion, claiming the Middle Eastern airlines have unfairly benefited from national subsidies. U.S. airlines want the State Department to review the agreement that allows access to the U.S. airports. The U.S. airlines argue that the unfair competition puts some of their jobs at risk. Delta issued a statement after the meeting saying it planned to hire 25,000 workers over the next five years with "the support of a level playing field globally." It did not say how many of those hires would be new jobs and how many would replace current workers who retire or leave. At Thursday's meeting, Trump did promise that the U.S. would invest in transportation infrastructure, improving the nation's airports and air traffic control system. He blamed regulations for interfering with infrastructure upgrades. He also said that often the equipment that does get purchased is "obsolete the day they order it." He said his personal pilot, who is a "real expert" and a "smart guy who knows what is going on," told him the government had been buying the wrong equipment. "Airports are very important to me. Travel is very important to me," said Trump, who once ran an East Coast shuttle airline before it went into bankruptcy. He complained that U.S. airports used to be the best in the world, but that now they're on the bottom rung. "You go to China. You go to Japan, they have fast trains all over. I don't want to compete with your business, but we don't have one fast train," he said, prompting laughter in the room. The Federal Aviation Administration defended itself later Thursday, saying its "NextGen" air traffic modernization projects will produce $2.7 billion in savings to passengers and airlines and more than $160 billion through 2030. The agency called the effort "one of the most ambitious infrastructure and modernization projects in U.S. history." The airlines with executives at the meeting issued statements calling it a useful and productive session. Executives who were present told CNN they were impressed with Trump's knowledge of their industry. "He had done his homework and was well versed on the issues," said one executive. Another called him "an aviation aficionado." He reportedly asked a lot of questions of the executives, especially about the air traffic control system. During the portion of the meetings at which reporters were still in attendance, Trump complained that the government had spent billions of dollars on an air traffic control system that is "totally out of whack." He asked why airlines, which are on record wanting an overhaul of nation's air traffic control system, had "allowed" the government to invest in a faulty system. Southwest CEO Gary Kelly informed Trump that the airlines were "not in control" of those decisions. Trump also said three or four times, "We need to rebuild America's airports," according to another executive. He said he would come up with a way to pay for improvements, without giving any details. Airlines have objected to fees that passengers are forced to pay to cover the cost of improvements and security measures. Trump told the executives, "I don't like fees." -- CNNMoney's Jon Ostrower contributed to this report. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Finance ‘Worst apology I have ever had’ One Nation support soars to 23pc Travel ban might get a slight tweak Bunnings’ massive ‘blind spot’ Why they’re coming for your cash Former tech boss jailed over $9M fraud ‘I have a disease that shouldn’t exist’ Sneaky reason for fee hikes work leaders Kellyanne Conway spruiks Ivanka Trump’s fashion line, raising ethics concerns February 10, 20173:20pm Video Image Kellyanne Conway backs Ivanka Trump's clothing line on FOX1:56 Kellyanne Conway backs Ivanka Trump's clothing line on FOX and Friends saying 'go buy Ivanka's stuff'. Courtesy: Fox News February 10th 2017 2 days ago /video/video.news.com.au/Business/ Kellyanne Conway spruiked Ivanka Trump’s line on live TV. Picture: AP Staff writers and wiresNews Corp Australia Network Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend TOP White House adviser Kellyanne Conway has been accused of violating ethics rules by spruiking Ivanka Trump’s fashion line during a TV interview. Yesterday a major US retailer, Nordstrom, dumped Ms Trump’s products from its stores, citing falling sales. That prompted an angry response from President Donald Trump, who said his daughter had been treated “so unfairly” and suggested she was being targeted for political reasons. In an interview with Fox News today, Ms Conway said Ms Trump had “developed another fully, unbelievably, entrepreneurial, wildly successful business that bears her name” and urged viewers to buy her products. “They (Nordstrom) are using her, who’s been a champion for women’s empowerment and women in the workplace, to get to him. So I think people can see through that,” Ms Conawy told the morning show Fox & Friends. “Go buy Ivanka’s stuff, I what I’d say. I hate shopping, I’m going to get some myself today,” she said. “It’s a wonderful line. I own some of it. I’m going to just, I’m going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today everybody. You can find it online.” Kellyanne Conway on Fox & Friends. Pic: Fox NewsSource:Supplied The law forbids employees of America’s executive branch, such as Ms Conway, from “the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise”. She does appear to have violated that rule, and Mr Trump’s political opponents have pounced. “This appears to be a textbook violation of government ethics laws and regulations enacted to prevent the abuse of an employee’s government position,” said Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on Congress’s government oversight committee. Mr Cummings demanded an investigation. The committee’s Republican chairman, Jason Chaffetz, said Ms Conway’s comments were “clearly over the line” and “unacceptable”. Legal experts agree. “This is jaw-dropping to me,” former general counsel Don Fox told The Washington Post. “Ms Conway’s encouragement to buy Ivanka’s stuff would seem to be a clear violation of rules prohibiting misuse of public office for anyone’s private gain.” “This was strictly forbidden in the Bush administration, because it was illegal,” Richard Painter, the chief ethics lawyer in George W. Bush’s government, told CNN. This is the federal ethics law that @KellyannePolls just violated cc: @OfficeGovEthics @jasoninthehouse pic.twitter.com/EivJeFd7wY— Chris Lu (@ChrisLu44) February 9, 2017 The White House’s response has been limited. At his daily briefing, Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Ms Conway “has been counselled on that subject, and that’s it”. So, what happens next? Thankfully for Ms Conway, probably not much, because the White House is responsible for disciplining her. Congress’s Office of Government Ethics can investigate the matter and advise the president, but ultimately, the power lies with Mr Trump. And given his own behaviour over the last day or so, it’s unlikely the president will take any action. This whole controversy began when Mr Trump attacked Nordstrom on Twitter, raising some ethical questions of his own in the process. My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 Mr Trump has tweeted about companies such as Boeing, Carrier and General Motors. But ethics experts say this time is different because it involves a business run by his daughter — and that raises conflict-of-interest concerns. After the dust-up with Nordstrom, employees at US retailers T.J. Maxx and Marshalls were told to throw away any signs advertising merchandise from Ms Trump’s retail brand, according to The New York Times. “Effective immediately, please remove all Ivanka Trump merchandise from features and mix into the runs,” read a note to workers obtained by the newspaper. “All Ivanka Trump signs should be discarded.” President Donald Trump lashed out at US retailer Nordstrom after it dumped his daughter Ivanka Trump’s clothing line. Picture: AP Photo/Evan VucciSource:AP POPE SEEMINGLY CALLS OUT TRUMP AGAIN POPE Francis has delivered a thinly-veiled rebuke of Mr Trump’s plan to build a wall on the border with Mexico, saying society should not create “walls but bridges”. The pontiff did not refer to the US president by name or directly mention the proposed wall, which Mr Trump has insisted Mexico will pay for. Instead the Argentinian pontiff used his weekly general audience on Wednesday to speak of a Christian calling “to not raise walls but bridges, to not respond to evil with evil, to overcome evil with good”. Pope Francis has rebuked Donald Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico. Picture: AP Photo/Andrew MedichiniSource:AP He added: “A Christian can never say ‘I’ll make you pay for that’. Never! That is not a Christian gesture. An offence is overcome with forgiveness, by living in peace with everyone.” Last year, in response to an answer about then-candidate Mr Trump’s views on immigration and his intention to build a wall, Francis said a man with those views is “not Christian”. He said in an interview last month that he would not form an opinion of Mr Trump until he first had a chance to see specific policies the new US president would implement. As Mr Trump was taking office on January 20, Francis sent a message urging him to be guided by ethical values, saying he must take care of the poor and the outcast during his time in office. JEFF SESSIONS SWORN IN AS ATTORNEY GENERAL Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions has been sworn in as US Attorney General, despite protests from the likes of Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren, who was formally silenced for impugning her senator colleague. During an Oval Office ceremony, Mr Trump called Sen. Sessions a man of integrity and principal, and someone who has devoted his life to the cause of justice. Sen. Sessions was sworn in the morning after the Senate confirmed his nomination following a contentious confirmation process. The Alabama lawmaker resigned his Senate seat shortly after his colleagues approved him on a 52-47 vote that broke largely along partisan lines. Sen. Sessions was the first sitting US senator to endorse Mr Trump. He faced criticism from Democrats, including Sen. Warren, over his record on civil rights and immigration. US President Donald Trump (2nd R) watches as Jeff Sessions (L), alongside his wife Mary (2nd L), is sworn in as Attorney General by US Vice President Mike Pence. Picture: AFPSource:AFP Republicans lauded his four decades of public service and his commitment to fairness and the rule of law. Meanwhile, just before the attorney general was sworn in, Mr Trump signed three executive actions related to criminal justice, including an order to have the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security to tackle “criminal cartels” that have spread across the nation. Trump announced the executive actions during a swearing-in ceremony for Attorney General Jeff Mr Trump says the plan will attempt to break the backs of criminal cartels. He’s also asking for a task force to reduce violent crime in America and a plan to stop violent crimes against law enforcement officers. He calls it a “shame” what has happened to “truly great” law enforcement officers. TRUMP GOES AFTER MCCAIN OVER YEMEN RAID Mr Trump is going after Republican Senator John McCain for suggesting that last week’s US raid in Yemen wasn’t a success. Mr Trump tweeted on Thursday that Senator McCain “should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy!” He added that Senator McCain has “been losing so long he doesn’t know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in — bogged down in conflict all over the place.” Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 ...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 ..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 Senator McCain said on Wednesday that any operation where a $US75 million ($98.2 million) plane is lost, a Navy SEAL is killed, and there are multiple casualties, including women and children, “cannot be labelled a success.” He is a Vietnam veteran and former prisoner of war who lost the 2008 presidential election to President Barack Obama. The Arizona Republican won re-election in November. Donald Trump has again lashed out at Republican Senator John McCain. Picture: Mark Wilson/Getty Images/AFPSource:AFP TRUDEAU TO VISIT TRUMP IN WASHINGTON DC Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is to meet with US President Donald Trump in Washington on Monday. A statement from the prime minister’s office said the leaders “look forward to discussing the unique relationship between Canada and the United States of America and how they will continue to work hard for middle-class Canadians and Americans, together.” Justin Trudeau and Barack Obama were more in sync than the Canadian Prime Minister is with Donald Trump. Picture: AFPSource:Supplied More than 75 per cent of Canada’s exports go to the US. Of the 50 US states, 35 count Canada as their leading export market. Mr Trump has vowed to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. Canada’s foreign minister warned the Trump administration on Wednesday that his country will retaliate if the US applies new tariffs. SUPREME COURT NOMINEE: ‘BAN IS DEMORALISING’ Mr Trump has lashed out at a Democratic senator who revealed that the president’s own Supreme Court nominee had called Mr Trump’s attacks on the judiciary “disheartening” and “demoralising.” The US president last week called a federal judge who temporarily blocked his travel ban a “so-called judge”, before saying the appellate court panel currently considering his executive order was “so political”. Judge Neil Gorsuch, nominated last week to fill a key vacancy on the Supreme Court, criticised Mr Trump’s stance during a meeting with Senator Richard Blumenthal. Mr Trump’s own confirmation team for Judge Gorsuch confirmed those comments. US Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch (right) meets with Senator Richard Blumenthal in Blumenthal's office in Washington, DC. Picture: Alex Wong/Getty Images/AFPSource:AFP However Mr Trump lashed out at Senator Blumenthal, questioning his integrity. “Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie), now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?” the US president tweeted on Thursday. Senator Blumenthal faced criticism in the past for saying he had served in Vietnam. He served in the Marine Corps Reserves during Vietnam. He apologised in 2010, saying he regretted his misstatements. Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 Republican former Senator Kelly Ayotte, who is helping with Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation, was at the meeting with the judge and Senator Blumenthal. She issued a statement saying Judge Gorsuch made clear he was not referring to any specific case. But she said the nominee said he finds any criticism of a judge’s integrity and independence to be “disheartening and demoralising.” On Thursday, Ms Conway said Mr Trump was “fully confident” in his Supreme Court nominee. Gorsuch: Trump's Comments on Judiciary 'Demoralizing'2:14 President Trump?s Supreme Court pick, Judge Neil Gorsuch, said he was disappointed in the president?s remarks on the judiciary in a closed-door meeting with Sen. Richard Blumenthal. Mr. Trump has accused Mr. Blumenthal of misrepresenting his nominee. February 10th 2017 2 days ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/USA/ SPICER MEANT ORLANDO, NOT ATLANTA, TERROR ATTACK White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer claims he meant to say Orlando when he repeatedly referenced a terror attack in Atlanta during interviews and a press briefing last week. Mr Spicer first referred to an Atlanta attack in an interview on January 29 on ABC’s This Week. He also named the city in reference to a terror attack during an appearance on MSNBC’s Morning Joe on January 30 and in a press briefing later that day. Mr Spicer told ABC News in an email that he “clearly meant Orlando.” Mr Spicer isn’t the only Trump administration official to refer to a terror attack that never happened. Ms Conway referred to a “Bowling Green Massacre” during an interview with MSNBC last week. She now says she misspoke. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer repeatedly referred to a terror attack that never happened. Picture: AFP/Mandel NganSource:AFP TRUMPS APPROVE NEW SOCIAL SECRETARY The White House has revealed its new social secretary, touting her two decade plus of “entertaining experience.” Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd, a longtime Washington event planner who goes by Rickie, will report to First Lady Melania Trump, and be responsible for state dinners and social events. “Rickie brings with her over twenty-two years of solid diplomatic, political and social entertaining experience,” Melania Trump said in a statement. “I am looking forward to sharing my ideas and traditions of entertaining and social hospitality to America’s house, my new home as well.” Since coming into office, the first lady has not announced what initiatives she plans to focus on. The new social secretary will report to Melania Trump. Picture: AFP/Mandel NganSource:AFP Jump back to top Right now in finance 221Readers Renovating for profit: How Gen Y investor bought six propert... 167Readers Donald Trump hints at new security measures after travel ban... 141Readers Ross Cameron: TV presenter’s gay jibes at Q Society speech d... 120Readers Bunnings UK: Insight DIY says company could miss digital opp... 62Readers Investing in Australian shares, property or managed funds: E... finance breaking news 14:00Ford invests $1b in robotics start-up 08:59Trump tax cut talk, China data spur rally 16:50APRA warns on lift in investor loans 16:28Health insurance hike well above inflation 16:18Roto-Gro International debuts on ASX A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
'Free commercial here': The Trump vs Nordstrom controversy raising ethical concerns | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Vince Li Travel ban Miss Universe Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement 'Free commercial here': The Trump vs Nordstrom controversy raising ethical concerns A Nordstrom store in Pittsburgh, on Feb. 8, 2017. (Gene J. Puskar / AP) Anne D'Innocenzio and Bernard Condon, The Associated Press Published Thursday, February 9, 2017 2:26PM EST Last Updated Thursday, February 9, 2017 3:15PM EST NEW YORK -- The White House is rushing to the defence of Ivanka Trump's company -- the latest sign the president can't seem to separate the presidency from his family's businesses. U.S. President Donald Trump added to a string of presidential firsts on Wednesday, and drew fire from ethics lawyers, with a Twitter attack on Nordstrom. The Seattle-based retailer stoked Trump's rage by dropping his daughter Ivanka's clothing and accessory line. The implication, intended or not: Hurt my daughter's business, and the Oval Office will come after you. "My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by ΓåòNordstrom," the president tweeted. "She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" The government-led cheerleading for Ivanka Trump's private enterprise didn't end there. White House counsellor Kellyanne Conway, in an interview Thursday with Fox News from the White House briefing room, encouraged people to "go buy Ivanka's stuff." She boasted that she was giving the brand "a free commercial here." While Trump himself is not subject to the standards of ethical conduct for federal employees, Conway is. Among the rules: An employee shall not use his or her office "for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise." Ivanka Trump does not have a specific role in the White House but moved to Washington with her husband, who is one of Trump's closest advisers. She followed her father's approach on business ties by handing over operating control of her fashion company but retaining ownership of it. Though Trump has tweeted about companies such as Boeing, Carrier and General Motors, ethics experts say this time was different. It involved his daughter's business, which raises conflict-of-interest concerns. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter" when he posted the tweet and that "he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." The Ivanka Trump flare-up follows revelations that first lady Melania Trump expected to develop "multi-million dollar business relationships" tied to her presence in the White House, according to a lawsuit she filed on Monday. Ethics experts have criticized Trump's plan to separate himself from his sprawling real estate business by handing managerial control to his two adult sons. The experts want him to sell his company. Most modern presidents have sold their financial holdings and put the cash raised in a blind trust whose investments remained unknown to them. Kathleen Clark, a government ethics expert, said the Nordstrom tweet is problematic because other retailers may think twice now about dropping the Ivanka Trump brand for fear of getting criticized publicly by the president. She said it was especially disturbing that Trump retweeted his message on the official White House account. "The implicit threat was that he will use whatever authority he has to retaliate against Nordstrom, or anyone who crosses his interest," said Clark, a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis. Clark defended the president's right to use his personal Twitter account to express his views, however. She noted that government workers recently set up alt-EPA accounts to criticize the president's policies. "A government employee, even a president, is allowed to tweet in his personal capacity." One of the president's fiercest ethics critics, Norman Eisen, described the tweet differently -- a "bullying" tactic beneath the dignity of the president's office. "This is a shot across the bow to everybody who is doing business with Trump or his family," said Eisen, who was President Barack Obama's chief ethics counsellor. "It's warning them: Don't withdraw their business." Eisen joined with other legal scholars and lawyers to sue the president last month for allegedly violating a clause in the Constitution that prohibits government officials from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments. Though other legal scholars disagree, Eisen said such payments include foreign diplomats staying at Trump's new Washington D.C. hotel and holding events there and at the other Trump venues. Trump and his top aides have repeatedly said that Americans do not care about what Eisen and other ethics critics say. "Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world," Trump wrote on Twitter Nov. 21. Two surveys released in January show that's not entirely the case. A Quinnipiac University poll found that about 60 per cent of registered voters were at least somewhat concerned that the president would "veto a law that would be good for the country because it would hurt his business interests." And a Pew Research Center poll found that 57 per cent of American adults were at least somewhat concerned that Trump's businesses could "conflict with his ability to serve the country's best interests." Yet Trump seems to have calculated that his base of supporters forgives -- and maybe even encourages -- his protective bluster about his family businesses. Nordstrom reiterated Wednesday that its decision was based on the brand's performance, not politics. The company said sales of Ivanka Trump items had steadily declined over the past year, particularly in the last half of 2016, "to the point where it didn't make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now." Retailers drop brands all the time because of poor performance, said brand consultant Allen Adamson. But given a highly charged political environment, perception is reality for loyal Trump fans. "It is clearly hard for Nordstrom to tell the story that it is dropping (the brand) for business reasons," said Adamson, founder of the firm Brand Simple. Associated Press writers Julie Bykowicz and Catherine Lucey in Washington, D.C., and Matthew Ott in New York contributed to this report Related Stories 'Go buy Ivanka's stuff': Kellyanne Conway may have broken ethics laws Trump's Nordstrom criticism concerns ethics lawyers Trump tweets that Nordstrom treated Ivanka 'so unfairly' Nordstrom to drop Ivanka Trump's clothing, accessories line Photos Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Friday, Feb. 10, 2017 Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Heart-stopping rollover caught on camera Air Date: February 9, 2017 false CTV Toronto: Footage of daylight shooting Air Date: February 10, 2017 false CTV National News: Extreme weather continues Air Date: February 10, 2017 false CTV Toronto: Latest shooting part of 'street war' Air Date: December 15, 2015 false CTV National News: Absolute discharge granted Air Date: February 10, 2017 false CTV Atlantic: Time lapse shows storms impact Air Date: February 10, 2017 false CTV News Channel: What is Penumbral eclipse? Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Man who beheaded passenger gets discharge Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Cyclist cuts across 401 Air Date: February 9, 2017 false First at Five - February 10 Air Date: February 10, 2017 false CTV National News for Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017 Air Date: February 9, 2017 More news from Business Updated Toronto stock market's main index soars to record high PCs call for Hydro One salary disclosure; taken off list after utility's IPO Federal summer jobs program numbers up, but short of lofty Liberal goal Lawsuit filed in connection to explosion in Fort McMurray fire aftermath Bombardier sees injunction against Metrolinx's efforts to end light rail contract Ford invests $1B in robotics startup in driverless car quest Join the conversation... Advertisement Sponsored Preparing for a vacation: How to get from dream to destination BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Norman Levine's Top Picks _ WATCH: Norman Levine discusses CN Rail _ WATCH: Norman Levine discusses Bank of America _ WATCH: Norman Levine discusses Scotiabank CTV News Video Network false Lawyers, experts surprised at Li’s absolute discharge false Extreme weather empties Canadian towns of residents false Trudeau faces tough critics, questions in Yellowknife false Trump promises strong security measures despite court block CTV National News for Feb. 10: Absolute discharge granted Most Popular Stories 1 Man found not criminally responsible for bus beheading gets absolute discharge 4 2 Canadian missing since 2012 found in Amazon rainforest 1 3 Man killed after van struck by flying tractor-trailer wheel on Ottawa highway 2 4 'Beauty beyond size': Miss Universe Canada calls out body shamers 1 5 Snow plow driver 'Big Tom' rescues woman in labour during N.B. storm 1 6 Troops serving in Kuwait lose major tax exemption 1 7 New Zealanders refloat 100 pilot whales after 400 stranded 3 8 Leitch rebuffs Trudeau's shot by calling prime minister 'fringe' 1 9 Air Canada unveils new looks for staff and fleet 2 10 Prince Charles' god-daughter said to have 'died peacefully in her sleep' Don't Miss false Attention stargazers: Penumbral eclipse Friday night false ‘Everybody would laugh’: Boy, 7, reviews new Lego flick false George and Amal Clooney expecting twins in June You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Man found not criminally responsible for bus beheading gets absolute discharge B.C. Premier Christy Clark apologizes over claims NDP hacked her party's website Snow plow driver 'Big Tom' rescues woman in labour during N.B. storm WORLD Trump considering 'brand new order' after travel ban blocked Hong Kong police arrest man after 18 injured in subway fire Trump hugs ally Japan after easing US-China tensions ENTERTAINMENT New trailer unveiled for Cate Blanchett's 'Manifesto' Sting, Timberlake, Legend and Miranda to perform at Oscars Drake says scarf comments to woman at concert turned into 'fake media story' HEALTH Researchers call this year's flu vaccine effectiveness 'decent' Sugary drinks predicted to cause future harm to Canadians' health, economy: study Seniors who stay socially active score higher on new Index of Well-Being POLITICS UPDATED Trudeau defends 'turning back' on electoral reform promise Independent B.C. politician says premier's hacking claims are laughable Trudeau in Yellowknife to host town hall SCI-TECH How Google Chromebooks conquered schools WhatsApp boosts user security via two-step verification process Warm Pacific water led to seabird deaths in Alaska, researchers say BUSINESS Updated Toronto stock market's main index soars to record high PCs call for Hydro One salary disclosure; taken off list after utility's IPO Sponsored Saving for retirement: Where and how should you build up your nest egg? AUTOS What are the world's most popular cars? SUVs and crossovers dominate global vehicle sales Toyota launches sporty new SUVs SPORTS Busy workload hasn't come without hitch for Leafs' goalie Andersen AP source: Jared Kushner's brother may buy Miami Marlins Detroit Red Wings, Tigers owner Mike Ilitch dies at 87 Lifestyle A finger-shaped spoon to enhance the taste of food Couples that laugh together, stay together suggests new research Sponsored New year, new you: 5 steps to kick-starting a healthier life CTV News on the Go false News Minute: Trudeau defends dropping electoral reform Man who beheaded passenger gets discharge Former White House photographer teases Trump In Pictures   Freezing rain encases B.C.'s Fraser Valley in ice Tornado slams into eastern New Orleans Super Bowl 2017: Patriots beat Falcons in overtime Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 February 2017 by Military News UPS Helps Cupid Spread The Love By Delivering Millions Of Flowers For Valentine’s Day MIAMI, Feb. 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — 89 Million Flowers Flow Through UPS’s Global Logistics Network Last Minute Cupids Can Ship as Late Monday, February 13th Business is blooming leading up to Valentine’s Day. To get flowers, sweets and gifts to consumers and businesses by Feb. 14 it takes a global logistics network helping Cupid. This year, it’s estimated that UPS (NYSE:UPS) will deliver more than 89 million flowers – enough to fill 64 767 Boeing cargo aircraft – to loved ones around the world. According to the National Retail Federation, U.S. consumers are projected to spend $2 billion on flowers and more than $18 billion on Valentine’s Day gifts. Many of the tropical flowers and roses originate in Latin America, primarily Colombia and Ecuador. More than 90% of the imported flowers will travel through Miami International Airport (MIA), where UPS is the largest air cargo carrier.  Click here to see how UPS transports flowers from farm-to-consumer in less than two days. “Meeting our customers’ needs is at the heart of what we do,” said Domingo Mendez, Air Cargo marketing manager, UPS Americas Region. “We understand shipping flowers is a time-sensitive business. We’re adding 34 temperature-controlled flights to deliver the 236,000 boxes of blooms expected to flow through our network in the two weeks prior to Valentine’s Day.” Vistaflor operates a flower farm in Colombia and depends on UPS to deliver flowers fast. “We need to provide our customers with the freshest flowers, so the less time in transit, the better,” said Victoria Hernandez, sales director at Vistaflor. The flowers stay fresh in a refrigerated warehouse about the size of five basketball courts located in the UPS® Air Cargo facility in Miami, where they are inspected and sorted for travel to their final destinations. Procrastinators can ship as late as Monday, Feb. 13 using UPS Next Day Air® to have gifts arrive on Valentine’s Day. Click here for the UPS Valentine’s Day Shipping Calendar. For images and video of UPS’s flowers logistics shipping process from farm to customer, please visit pressroom.ups.com About UPS UPS (NYSE: UPS) is a global leader in logistics, offering a broad range of solutions including transporting packages and freight; facilitating international trade, and deploying advanced technology to more efficiently manage the world of business. Headquartered in Atlanta, UPS serves more than 220 countries and territories worldwide. The company can be found on the web at ups.com® and its corporate blog can be found at longitudes.ups.com. To get UPS news direct, visit pressroom.ups.com/RSS or follow @UPS_News on Twitter. 
Jose Cano                                       
josecano@ups.com                                 
305-869-8191
 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Basketball, Business, carrier, College Basketball, Companies, company, MIA, Technology, Travel, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oil Free Air Compressor Market Trend Consumption, Cost and Profit analysis and Forecast from 2016-2021 Next PostNext Interfaith Coalition in Clearwater Will Meet to Discuss Current Religious Freedom Issues at Church of Scientology Fort Harrison Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Is NASA heading back to the moon under Trump? Space Launch System This is a NASA illustration of the big new deep-space rocket called the Space Launch System whose development is being managed in Alabama. The first of these rockets will be completed and launched in the White House tenure of Donald Trump, and he will have the most to say how many more are built and where they go. (NASA illustration) Print Email Lee Roop | lroop@al.com By Lee Roop | lroop@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on February 09, 2017 at 1:25 PM, updated February 09, 2017 at 1:32 PM comments NASA has been on a "Mission to Mars" for the last few years, but it might get there by way of a stop on the moon. At least, that's what the latest leaks out of Washington suggest. A story on the website Politico today says the Trump administration is considering a "rapid and affordable" return to the moon by 2020. The report, a must-read for space enthusiasts, is based on internal White House documents obtained by the site, Politico says. The story's thrusts are what NASA does next under Trump and who leads the moon mission. Will it be NASA, "new space" companies like SpaceX or "old space" companies like Boeing, which has a major presence in Alabama? Former Republican Congressman Robert Walker, a Trump adviser, tells Politico, "There are billions of dollars at stake." Another Trump adviser, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, says NASA's future focus should be developing technologies for deep space flight leaving low-Earth orbit to private industry. Will NASA get more federal money under Trump to help Musk and other young entrepreneurs commercialize low-Earth orbit? If not, what NASA spending could be rearranged? It's unclear, but thousands of NASA and "old space" contractor jobs could be at stake. One thing seems certain. U.S. Sen. Richard Shelby (R-Tuscaloosa) will be at the center of the debate. Shelby and a few other powerful senators led Congress to fund the Space Launch System rocket when former President Obama wanted to go another way. Shelby is mentioned in Politico today as a player in what will happen this time, as well. Alabama's Best Vote for your favorite meat-and-three Vote in our poll once a day through 8 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 12. Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportDefenceTech RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 04:05 PM | 10 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,3344.55 NIFTY 50 8,79415.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,190101.00 USD/INR 66.880.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 end flat after choppy trade; TCS, Infosys surge 2% each Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Indian Airlines’ Iran flights hit by diplomatic turbulence By Anirban Chowdhury, ET Bureau | Updated: Feb 10, 2017, 12.06 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » | Indian Airlines’ Iran flights | indian airlines The airlines' review of plans comes at a time when a slowdown in the Gulf sector has impacted yields for Indian carriers flying to the region. Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here MUMBAI: Indian carriers are either reviewing or stalling their plans to start flights to Iran as the Donald Trump-led US government hardens its stance on the Islamic nation, ratcheting up diplomatic tensions. Air India Express is now taking a second look at its plans to start flights to the capital city of Tehran initially slated for later this year, two people in the know said. The carrier has alternative plans ready — Delhi-Tashkent-Almaty or Delhi-Doha-Bahrain — if geopolitical conditions make it difficult to start operations to the country, one of them said, adding that the plans haven’t been dropped yet. Air India Express is the low fare international subsidiary of stater-un Air India. Low-fare carrier Go Air, which was planning Tehran as one of its initial overseas destinations, has stalled those plans for now, said a second person aware of the matter. The airline plans to start international flights later this year. Jet Airways last year had made plans to fly to Tehran but put them on hold before some clarity emerged on who would lead the US government and which way it would move, said two people familiar with the matter. The plans are now on the back burner, they said. The Trump government is said to be considering a renewal of sanctions — cutting trade and aid — on Iran after it recently tested a mid-range ballistic missile. The plans follow Trump’s far reaching decision of temporarily banning the citizens of Iran and six other Muslim countries from entering the US. International sanctions on Iran were lifted in 2015 under the Barrack Obama-led US government, after a nuclear pact under which Iran agreed to curb its nuclear programme. But Trump recently issued a warning to Iran saying “there’s a new president in town” who won’t “sit by” while the country pursues its military ambitions. On another occasion, he called Iran “No. 1in terror”. India, under the Narendra Modi government, has been trying to strengthen relations with Iran but any kind of ties with it may antagonize the US government, said experts. There are tactical problems too. Air India Express operates US plane-maker Boeing’s planes. The biggest chunk of Jet’s fleet is also Boeing-made. If sanctions were to be imposed, any airline which owns Boeing planes financed by the US Exim bank, would have to seek letters of guarantee from the bank for flight operations. “Also, sanctions may make it difficult to repatriate revenue earned in local currency in Iran back to the home country,” said an Air India executive. The geopolitical angle aside, the airlines' review of plans also comes at a time when a slowdown in the Gulf sector — as a result of a fall in oil prices — have impacted yields for Indian carriers flying to the region. Jet Airways' acting CEO Amit Agarwal, in a recent post-earnings conference call with analysts, spoke of yields taking a hit in the market. Jet is the biggest carrier out of India to the Gulf. Yields for Air India Express' — which ferries the largest chunk of India’s migrant labour traffic to and from the Gulf —are down 15% for the current financial year, said its CEO K Shyamsundar. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! Milaap Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood Union Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir DesaiMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Here's how Donald Trump' win will impact India Companies moving to real-time performance appraisals READ MORE ON » | Indian Airlines’ Iran flights | indian airlines To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Hindustan Motors sells iconic Ambassador car brand to Peugeot Interceptor missile successfully test-fired Single test for engineering colleges from 2018-19 Manohar Parrikar, James Mattis resolve to further expand India-US defence partnership Cash payments at retail stores near pre-note ban levels More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Budget 2017|Elections 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines Posted on Thursday, February 9, 2017 by CNN in Business News President Donald Trump is normally quick to complain about what he sees as unfair foreign competition. But when he met with U.S. airline CEOs Thursday morning at the White House, he signaled that he cannot help them fend off foreign airlines that are heavily subsidized by their governments. It’s a big departure for the president who has made “America First” a centerpiece of his administration. The reason: The airlines in question, Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways, buy lots of planes and jet engines from U.S. manufacturers like Boeing, General Electric and United Technologies. And that supports thousands of well-paying factory jobs here at home. Trump said he knows that the airlines are “under pressure from a lot of foreign elements and foreign carriers.” “At the same time we want to make life good for them also,” he added. “They come with big investments. In many cases they’re investments that are made by their governments. But they are still big investments.” Trump met with the CEOs of United Continental, Delta Air Lines and Southwest, as well as cargo carriers and officials from many of the nations’ largest airports. Under the Open Skies Agreements that the U.S. has signed with foreign countries, three Middle Eastern airlines that get government support from Qatar and the United Arab Emirates have rapidly expanded their reach to U.S. destinations. The three biggest U.S. carriers — American Airlines, Delta and United — have loudly objected to the expansion, claiming the Middle Eastern airlines have unfairly benefited from national subsidies. U.S. airlines want the State Department to review the agreement that allows access to the U.S. airports. The U.S. airlines argue that the unfair competition puts some of their jobs at risk. Delta issued a statement after the meeting saying it planned to hire 25,000 workers over the next five years with “the support of a level playing field globally.” It did not say how many of those hires would be new jobs and how many would replace current workers who retire or leave. At Thursday’s meeting, Trump did promise that the U.S. would invest in transportation infrastructure, improving the nation’s airports and air traffic control system. He blamed regulations for interfering with infrastructure upgrades. He also said that often the equipment that does get purchased is “obsolete the day they order it.” He said his personal pilot, who is a “real expert” and a “smart guy who knows what is going on,” told him the government had been buying the wrong equipment. “Airports are very important to me. Travel is very important to me,” said Trump, who once ran an East Coast shuttle airline before it went into bankruptcy. He complained that U.S. airports used to be the best in the world, but that now they’re on the bottom rung. “You go to China. You go to Japan, they have fast trains all over. I don’t want to compete with your business, but we don’t have one fast train,” he said, prompting laughter in the room. The Federal Aviation Administration defended itself later Thursday, saying its “NextGen” air traffic modernization projects will produce $2.7 billion in savings to passengers and airlines and more than $160 billion through 2030. The agency called the effort “one of the most ambitious infrastructure and modernization projects in U.S. history.” The airlines with executives at the meeting issued statements calling it a useful and productive session. Executives who were present told CNN they were impressed with Trump’s knowledge of their industry. “He had done his homework and was well versed on the issues,” said one executive. Another called him “an aviation aficionado.” He reportedly asked a lot of questions of the executives, especially about the air traffic control system. During the portion of the meetings at which reporters were still in attendance, Trump complained that the government had spent billions of dollars on an air traffic control system that is “totally out of whack.” He asked why airlines, which are on record wanting an overhaul of nation’s air traffic control system, had “allowed” the government to invest in a faulty system. Southwest CEO Gary Kelly informed Trump that the airlines were “not in control” of those decisions. Trump also said three or four times, “We need to rebuild America’s airports,” according to another executive. He said he would come up with a way to pay for improvements, without giving any details. Airlines have objected to fees that passengers are forced to pay to cover the cost of improvements and security measures. Trump told the executives, “I don’t like fees.” — CNNMoney’s Jon Ostrower contributed to this report. Ass or asset? Steph Curry goes after Trump Elon Musk and Donald Trump: New BFFs? Related Posts Buffett: I won’t give millions to candidates Up in the air: Fed rate hike remains unclear Alan Murray replacing Norm Pearlstine as Time Inc. CCO Celebrity perfume sales stink Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us WEATHER ALERT Winter Storm Watch Full Story WEATHER ALERT Winter Weather Advisory Full Story POLITICS Kellyanne Conway 'counseled' after possibly illegal Ivanka brand promotion Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7ny.com/video/embed/?pid=1746559" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> ABC's Janai Norman has the latest. (AP Photo, file) AP By JULIE BYKOWICZ and BERNARD CONDON Thursday, February 09, 2017 04:47PM NEW YORK -- The White House has "counseled" a top aide to President Donald Trump after she promoted Ivanka Trump's fashion line during a national cable television appearance from the White House. But House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz says that's not enough, calling what Kellyanne Conway did "wrong, wrong, wrong, clearly over the line, unacceptable." The Utah Republican congressman said he will join with Democratic Oversight Leader Elijah Cummings to ask the Office of Government Ethics to review the matter. Chaffetz also said he will write a formal letter to the White House lodging his irritation. He said White House press secretary Sean Spicer's remark that Conway has been "counseled" doesn't go far enough. "It needs to be dealt with," he said in an interview with The Associated Press. It's the first time during the young administration that Chaffetz has questioned an ethical matter. Speaking later to Utah lawmakers, Chaffetz added: "Of course I'm going to call that out. My job is not to be a cheerleader for the president." The ethics dustup began Wednesday with the president himself. Reacting to news that a department store had dropped his daughter's line of clothing and accessories, Trump tweeted - and retweeted from the official presidential account - that Ivanka Trump had been treated "so unfairly by Nordstrom." Ivanka Trump does not have a specific role in the White House but moved to Washington with her husband, Jared Kushner, who is one of Trump's closest advisers. She followed her father's approach on business ties by handing over operating control of her fashion company but retaining ownership of it. In a Thursday morning interview with Fox News from the White House briefing room, Conway urged people to "go buy Ivanka's stuff," boasting that she was giving the brand "a free commercial here." While Trump and Vice President Mike Pence are not subject to ethical regulations and laws for federal employees, Conway, who is a counselor to the president, is. Among the rules: An employee shall not use his or her office "for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise." "For whatever reason, the White House staff evidently believes that they are protected from the law the same way the president and vice president are," said Stuart Gilman, a former special assistant to the director of Office of Government Ethics. He called Conway's comments "unbelievable" and said they risk wrecking the U.S.'s reputation around the world as a model for government employee ethics. Midday Thursday, the Office of Government Ethics sent out a series of tweets saying the office has seen an "extraordinary" response from people emailing, calling and submitting information online about "recent events." The office advises federal employees on such issues but is not an enforcement agency; enforcement falls to Congress, the General Accounting Office, the FBI, various inspectors general and others, OGE noted on Twitter. Ultimately, it is up to Trump to punish employees for ethics infractions. In addition to the House Oversight Committee, two liberal-funded government watchdog groups pounced on Conway's comments, filing ethics violation complaints with the Office of Government Ethics. "Conway's action reflects an ongoing careless disregard of the conflicts of interest laws and regulations by some members of the Trump family and Trump administration," said Craig Holman, government affairs lobbyist for Public Citizen. The group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington also lodged a complaint. Spicer said Wednesday that Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter" when he posted the tweet and that "he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." Ethics lawyers had a different interpretation. The implication, intended or not: Hurt my daughter's business, and the Oval Office will come after you. "This is a shot across the bow to everybody who is doing business with Trump or his family," said Norman Eisen, who was President Barack Obama's chief ethics counselor. "It's warning them: Don't withdraw their business." Trump's son Donald Jr. tweeted a link Thursday to a story on the Breitbart conservative news website saying that women across the country are cutting up their Nordstrom cards and planning boycotts after the decision to drop his sister's brand. Though Trump has tweeted about companies such as Boeing, Carrier and General Motors, ethics experts say this time was different because it involved his daughter's business, raising conflict-of-interest concerns. Ethics experts have criticized Trump's plan to separate himself from his sprawling real estate business by handing managerial control to his two adult sons. The experts want him to sell his company. Most modern presidents have sold their financial holdings and put the cash raised in a blind trust whose investments remained unknown to them. Eisen joined with other legal scholars and lawyers to sue the president last month for allegedly violating a clause in the Constitution that prohibits government officials from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments. Trump and his top aides have repeatedly said that Americans do not care about what Eisen and other ethics critics say. "Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world," Trump wrote on Twitter Nov. 21. Nordstrom reiterated Wednesday that its decision to drop Ivanka Trump's brand was based on its performance, not politics. The company said sales of her items had steadily declined over the past year, particularly in the last half of 2016, "to the point where it didn't make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now." Related Topics: politicsivanka trumpdonald trumppoliticsPresident Donald Trump Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. Related Nordstrom to drop Ivanka Trump's clothing, accessories line POLITICS Westchester executive reassures Muslims despite Trump suppport After court defeat, Trump considering new order on immigration Fight on Pres. Trump's travel ban on hold; appeals court sides with states Up Close: President Trump, executive orders and controversies More Politics Top Stories LaGuardia traffic snarled: Travelers ditch cars, walk to terminal Queens gym teacher accused of groping teenage girl 1 dead in head-on crash involving bus, car on Route 17 Elderly man shoots wife in butt over sex Ouch! Family writes brutal obituary for man Video: Man pulled from burning car seconds before explosion MSG bans Knicks legend Charles Oakley indefinitely Show More Suspect arrested, 2nd ID'd in Maplewood triple murder Police: Freezing burglar hiding in snow pile saved by officer Mayor starts #NachoSpacePassaic against saving parking spaces Karina Vetrano's parents make plea for familial DNA testing Suffern father, daughter win $16 million lottery jackpot More News Top Video Police: Freezing burglar hiding in snow pile saved by officer Surgery can't stop 81-year-old man from plowing neighbors' driveways NYC area digging out after winter storm dumps snow on region Westchester executive reassures Muslims despite Trump suppport More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Twitter Sees No Bump From Trump’s Extensive Use Of Its Platform February 9, 2017 1:18pm NYSE:TWTR ShareTweet Speaking to reporters via conference call on Thursday, Twitter executives downplayed any potential uptick in users coming onto its platform as a result of President Trump’s penchant for using Twitter to communicate with the world. While Twitter acknowledged that Trump has raised its profile, they are as yet unable to quantify any contribution to its user growth. From Bloomberg: “The president’s use of Twitter has broadened the awareness for how the platform can be used, and it shows the power of Twitter,” Chief Operating Officer Anthony Noto said on the call with investors. But in terms of user growth, “we haven’t seen a benefit to the top of the funnel from the activity throughout the election time period.” Trump has proven he can move markets with his tweets. Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and Ford have all seen their share prices move sharply when he’s mentioned them in the past. Some analysts anticipated Trump would major boon for Twitter, with one firm getting bullish on the stock just before its earnings release: Trump has basically become “a giant marketing vehicle” for Twitter, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said in a note Wednesday, ahead of the earnings. He upgraded the stock to “buy,” and said there has been a “meaningful uptick” in downloads of the Twitter app on iOS devices in the U.S. this year. But that move has proven ill-timed, if not ill-conceived. Twitter’s earnings were a disaster, and it’s becoming clear the troubled social media giant needs more help than the highly controversial president can provide. Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) was trading at $16.81 per share on Thursday afternoon, down $1.91 (-10.20%). Year-to-date, TWTR has gained 3.13%, versus a 3.15% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. Tags: Donald Trump NYSE:TWTR Social Media Twitter Categories: NYSE:TWTR Read Next Twitter Slashes 9% of Workforce as Q3 Profit, Revenue Top Expectations Citi Analyst Sees 40% Downside Risk for Twitter Can Live Broadcasts Like “Thursday Night Football” Save Twitter? Report: Twitter’s 140 Character Limit Will Expand Soon Twitter CEO Dorsey Reportedly on a Short Leash as Company Considers Turnaround Options Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular What To Make Of Another Record Close For The Dow Jones Industrial Average Like The Dow, The Boom-Bust Barometer Is Making New All-Time Highs Is It Time To Sell The Trump Rally? Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In India More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Beauty Pageants Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business Sector Impact More FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News » India News » Lockheed says US may take 'fresh look' at its India F-16 plan Lockheed says US may take 'fresh look' at its India F-16 plan Reuters | Updated: Feb 9, 2017, 11.26 PM IST NEW DELHI/WASHINGTON: US defence firm Lockheed Martin wants to push ahead with plans to move production of its F-16 combat jets to India, but understands President Donald Trump's administration may want to take a "fresh look" at the proposal. With no more orders for the F-16 from the Pentagon, Lockheed plans to use its Fort Worth, Texas plant instead to produce the fifth generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter that the United States Air Force is transitioning to. Lockheed would switch F-16 production to India, as long as the Indian government agrees to order hundreds of the planes that its Air Force desperately needs. Trump has criticised US companies that have moved manufacturing overseas and which then sell their products back to the US. In his first few weeks in office, he has pushed companies, from automakers to pharmaceutical firms, to produce more in the United States. In Lockheed's case, however, the plan is to build the F-16 to equip the Indian Air Force, and not sell them back into the United States. Lockheed said it has been talking to Trump's transition and governance teams as well as the US Congress for several months on its plans, including the proposed sale of F-16 planes to India, a spokesman told Reuters in Washington. "We've briefed the administration on the current proposal, which was supported by the Obama administration as part of a broader cooperative dialogue with the government of India," the spokesman said. "We understand that the Trump administration will want to take a fresh look at some of these programmes, and we stand prepared to support that effort to ensure that any deal of this importance is properly aligned with US policy priorities." India is expected to spend $250 billion on defence modernisation over the next decade, analysts say, and there is concern that a veto on making the F-16 in India would not only hit Lockheed, but also threaten other military contracts to come up in India for Boeing, Northrop and Raytheon. The White House did not respond to requests for comment on the plan to build the plane in India. A person close to Lockheed said company officials did not know what the Trump administration planned to do about the proposal to shift F-16 production to India. "They're following it closely and talking with the White House. But if they don't move production to India, there's no way they'll get the India contract," the person said. One argument to be made was that moving to India would preserve some component production in the United States. "Twenty-five percent of something is better than zero percent of nothing," the person said. No threat to US jobs Lockheed has said that moving F-16 assembly to India would create 200 engineering jobs in the United States to help support the production line in India. It has also said that about 800 workers in the United States making the non-Lockheed parts for the F-16 would keep their jobs if construction shifts to India. "We are offering to make the F-16 Block-70 aircraft with a local partner in India. This is an offer exclusive to India," Randall L. Howard, head of F-16 business development, told Reuters ahead of India's biggest air show beginning in Bengaluru next week. In India, the F-16 is up against SAAB's Gripen combat aircraft, which the Swedish firm has also offered to make locally, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi drives a Make-in-India campaign to build a domestic aerospace industry and reduce costly imports. The government is expected to decide this year on which company will build a single-engine fighter plane, in collaboration with a local partner. A defence official said the process was at a very early stage. The Indian air force alone needs 200-250 fighters over the next 10 years, its former chief Arup Raha said before he left office in December. Negotiating arms contracts with India can take years, and industry officials said there was no guarantee Lockheed would win the contract even if it moves production to India. Defence ties between India and the United States have grown rapidly, with US arms sales of more than $4 billion in 2012-15, mostly under government-to-government foreign military sales, upstaging long-term supplier Russia and even Israel. Lockheed's executive director for international business development, Abhay Paranjape, said his team has met with representatives from 40 defence and aviation firms in India to help build the ancillary network for the aircraft assembly programme. "We want to be prepared, that's why we started the ground work," he said, adding Lockheed has also scouted possible factory sites in India. Lockheed has a joint venture with India's Tata Advanced Systems Ltd to make airframe components for the C-130J Super Hercules transport plane and the S-92 helicopter. "The capability for building components exists here, it's been proven with the C-130s. The challenge now is to pick the right partners," Paranjape said. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Pre-Launching Godrej Greens Pune 2/3 BHK from 40Lacs+ Godrej Pune - New Projects Top 10 Highest Paid Playback Singers In Bollywood BollywoodUnion Help this student recover from Brain Damage! Milaap More from The Times of India NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved The Indira Gandhi the world will never know All is well between Tejashree and Shashank? From the Web More From The Times of India Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internetCRITICSUNION Save Mother of two young boys from Cancer!Milaap Pre-Launch Godrej Greens @ Undri Pune 2 BHK from 40Lac+Godrej Pune Properties 10 people most affected by Modi's anti-black money crackdownCRITICSUNION Save Shrayansh from a life-crippling disorderMilaap Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Bhabani attend counselling session Is Mollywood high on drugs? CID's Inspector Purvi is holidaying in Dubai, see pics Barack Obama goes kitesurfing during private island getaway Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Budget Live India Budget 2017 Income Tax Slab 2017-18 Budget 2017 News Budget 2017 Highlights Most Popular India formally protests to China for blocking ban on Masood Azhar India has issued a demarche (diplomatic missive) to China regarding its continued block on a UN ban on Jaish-e-Muhammed+ leader Masood Azhar. The MEA confirmed on Thursday demarches had been served to the Chinese embassy in New Delhi and in the foreign office in Beijing by the Indian embassy. Sasikala calls Panneerselvam a liar, says his interactions with Stalin destroyed meaning of Amma’s sacrifice Only Manmohan Singh knew the art of bathing with a raincoat on: PM Modi Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Ad: Milaap Panneerselvam meets supporters at his residence After the meeting of VK Sasikala and O. Panneerselvam with Governor CH Vidyasagar Rao on Thursday, the latter met his supporters at his residence following his meeting. Watch: Shivraj Singh Chouhan performs aarti Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan along with his wife and members of the cabinet participated in Maa Narmada’s Maha Aarti in Omkareshwar. From around the Web Help this 11-year-old fight acute Cancer! Milaap She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! Milaap Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood Union Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir Desai More From The Times of India Is Virat Kohli risking his relationship with Anushka? Times of India Satnam Singh drafted in NBA, selected by Dallas Mavericks TOI Website ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' TOI Website Read MoreUS companiesNarendra ModiLockheed MartinIndian Air ForceF-16 Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in India From our Global Partners No restriction on migration to Gulf countries: Govt India formally protests to China for blocking ban on Masood Azhar 84 riots: Tytler asked to appear in court on CBI plea for lie detection test RSS chief voices concern over rise of terrorism around the world 1Lockheed says US may take 'fresh look' at its India F-16 plan 2No restriction on migration to Gulf countries: Govt 3India formally protests to China for blocking ban on Masood Azhar 484 riots: Tytler asked to appear in court on CBI plea for lie detection test 5RSS chief voices concern over rise of terrorism around the world About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Live Score: India vs Bangladesh Sasikala Live: Assembly Elections 2017 Panneerselvam PM Modi Live: Panneerselvam vs Sasikala Sasikala News Si3 Movie Review Panneerselvam News Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video President Trump Tamil Nadu Crisis Assembly Elections Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local Big boost for Modi's 'Make in India': Trump may allow Lockheed Martin to make F-16 combat jets in India The Financial Express Reuters 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Yogi’s rebels to teach BJP a lesson TN crisis: Boost for Panneerselvam US defence firm Lockheed Martin wants to push ahead with plans to move production of its F-16 combat jets to India, but understands President Donald Trump's administration may want to take a "fresh look" at the proposal. With no more orders for the F-16 from the Pentagon, Lockheed plans to use its Fort Worth, Texas plant instead to produce the fifth generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter that the United States Air Force is transitioning to. Lockheed would switch F-16 production to India, as long as the Indian government agrees to order hundreds of the planes that its air force desperately needs. Trump has criticised U.S. companies that have moved manufacturing overseas and which then sell their products back to the U.S. In his first few weeks in office, he has pushed companies, from automakers to pharmaceutical firms, to produce more in the United States. In Lockheed's case, however, the plan is to build the F-16 to equip the Indian Air Force, and not sell them back into the United States. Lockheed said it has been talking to Trump's transition and governance teams as well as the U.S. Congress for several months on its plans, including the proposed sale of F-16 planes to India, a spokesman told Reuters in Washington. "We've briefed the Administration on the current proposal, which was supported by the Obama Administration as part of a broader cooperative dialogue with the Government of India," the spokesman said. "We understand that the Trump Administration will want to take a fresh look at some of these programs, and we stand prepared to support that effort to ensure that any deal of this importance is properly aligned with U.S. policy priorities." India is expected to spend $250 billion on defence modernisation over the next decade, analysts say, and there is concern that a veto on making the F-16 in India would not only hit Lockheed, but also threaten other military contracts to come up in India for Boeing, Northrop and Raytheon. The White House did not respond to requests for comment on the plan to build the plane in India. A person close to Lockheed said company officials did not know what the Trump administration planned to do about the proposal to shift F-16 production to India. "They're following it closely and talking with the White House. But if they don't move production to India, there's no way they'll get the India contract," the person said. One argument to be made was that moving to India would preserve some component production in the United States. "Twenty-five percent of something is better than zero percent of nothing," the person said. NO THREAT TO US JOBS Lockheed has said that moving F-16 assembly to India would create 200 engineering jobs in the United States to help support the production line in India. It has also said that about 800 workers in the United States making the non-Lockheed parts for the F-16 would keep their jobs if construction shifts to India. "We are offering to make the F-16 Block-70 aircraft with a local partner in India. This is an offer exclusive to India," Randall L. Howard, head of F-16 business development, told Reuters ahead of India's biggest air show beginning in Bengaluru next week. In India, the F-16 is up against SAAB's Gripen combat aircraft, which the Swedish firm has also offered to make locally, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi drives a Make-in-India campaign to build a domestic aerospace industry and reduce costly imports.© image The Indian government is expected to decide this year on which company will build a single-engine fighter plane, in collaboration with a local partner. A defence official said the process was at a very early stage. The Indian air force alone needs 200-250 fighters over the next 10 years, its former chief Arup Raha said before he left office in December. Negotiating arms contracts with India can take years, and industry officials said there was no guarantee Lockheed would win the contract even if it moves production to India. Defence ties between India and the United States have grown rapidly, with U.S. arms sales of more than $4 billion in 2012-15, mostly under government-to-government foreign military sales, upstaging long-term supplier Russia and even Israel. Lockheed's executive director for international business development, Abhay Paranjape, said his team has met with representatives from 40 defence and aviation firms in India to help build the ancillary network for the aircraft assembly programme. "We want to be prepared, that's why we started the ground work," he said, adding Lockheed has also scouted possible factory sites in India. Lockheed has a joint venture with India's Tata Advanced Systems Ltd to make airframe components for the C-130J Super Hercules transport plane and the S-92 helicopter. "The capability for building components exists here, it's been proven with the C-130s. The challenge now is to pick the right partners," Paranjape said. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More From The Financial Express RBI Governor Urjit Patel nudges banks to reduce lending rates The Financial Express India may have developed its own 'THAAD' missile defense system, hints PM Modi The Financial Express The Financial Express More from Financial Express Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg Emirates Says Flight Was Delayed After Delta Withheld $300 Spare Part by Deena Kamel More stories by Deena Kamel February 9, 2017, 12:20 PM EST February 9, 2017, 2:54 PM EST Mechanical fault stalled Seattle-Dubai service for six hours Gulf carrier says U.S. rival located part but wouldn’t sell it Emirates, the world’s biggest long-haul airline, said a flight from Seattle to Dubai was delayed for more than six hours after it was unable to obtain a $300 spare part from Delta Air Lines Inc., which has led a campaign against the expansion of Mideast carriers in the U.S. A Boeing Co. 777 due to depart the American city at 9 a.m. on Feb. 2 was held up by a mechanical issue requiring the replacement of a minor hydraulic component, Emirates says. While the part was sourced from Delta’s local engineering office and installed on the plane, a senior manager at the U.S. carrier’s Atlanta base later ordered that it be removed, it claims. “It is sad, in our view, that any airline would deny such standard technical assistance to another carrier based on orders from headquarters that had nothing to do with maintenance or cost, but seem clearly to have been intended to inflict harm on the airline and its customers,” Emirates said in an e-mail. Delta shares parts with other airlines whenever possible through an industry agreement and doesn’t withhold them from any particular carrier, Delta spokesman Michael Thomas said. The item in question was the last spare of its kind in Delta’s Seattle inventory, and company policy requires that it keep the last one on hand in case Delta needs it, Thomas said. “Having the right spare parts in the right places and in ample quantity is critical to ensuring a reliable airline operation for our customers,” Thomas said. Gulf Dispute Delta, together with American Airlines Group Inc. and United Continental Holdings Inc., is embroiled in a long-running dispute with the three main Gulf carriers after urging the federal government to block their growth on the grounds that they received illegal aid payments -- a suggestion that Emirates, Qatar Airways and Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways all reject. The issue may be reignited after U.S. airline representatives met with Donald Trump Thursday, with the president telling them they faced “big league” competition, much of it “subsidized by governments.” Qatar Air Chief Executive Officer Akbar Al Baker branded Delta “wicked” last year after the Doha-based carrier’s first flight to Atlanta with the Airbus Group SE A380 superjumbo was directed to a remote gate at the world’s busiest airport, leaving elderly and infirm passengers to disembark via temporary stairs rather than through the usual air-bridge. At the time, Delta said Qatar Airways was late in trying to secure gates for the A380 flight, which require special gates because of the jet’s size. Delta attempted to accommodate Qatar’s flight, despite the carrier’s tardiness, while making sure it could accommodate its own schedule, a company spokeswoman said in June. Card Payment In the incident this month, Emirates said Delta had refused a credit-card payment for the spare and ordered a local engineering provider to remove it from the 777. Code-share partner Alaska Airlines Inc. eventually came to the rescue by providing the part, leaving the flight to depart 6 hours and 24 minutes late. “Despite this incident, Emirates will continue to render such technical support to other carriers, including Delta, irrespective of whether we agree or disagree with their policy views,” the Gulf company said. Thomas, the Delta spokesman, said it wasn’t immediately clear Thursday why the company originally allowed Emirates to use the part before calling it back. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Exclusive: Lockheed says U.S. may take 'fresh look' at its India F-16 plan Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Thu Feb 9, 2017 | 12:39pm EST Exclusive: Lockheed says U.S. may take 'fresh look' at its India F-16 plan A U.S. Lockheed Martin F-16 flies during an air display at the Farnborough International Air Show, Hampshire, July 19, 2004. REUTERS/Toby Melville By Sanjeev Miglani and Mike Stone | NEW DELHI/WASHINGTON NEW DELHI/WASHINGTON U.S. defense firm Lockheed Martin (LMT.N) wants to push ahead with plans to move production of its F-16 combat jets to India, but understands President Donald Trump's administration may want to take a "fresh look" at the proposal. With no more orders for the F-16 from the Pentagon, Lockheed plans to use its Fort Worth, Texas plant instead to produce the fifth generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter that the United States Air Force is transitioning to. Lockheed would switch F-16 production to India, as long as the Indian government agrees to order hundreds of the planes that its air force desperately needs. Trump has criticized U.S. companies that have moved manufacturing overseas and which then sell their products back to the U.S. In his first few weeks in office, he has pushed companies, from automakers to pharmaceutical firms, to produce more in the United States. In Lockheed's case, however, the plan is to build the F-16 to equip the Indian Air Force, and not sell them back into the United States. Lockheed said it has been talking to Trump's transition and governance teams as well as the U.S. Congress for several months on its plans, including the proposed sale of F-16 planes to India, a spokesman told Reuters in Washington. "We've briefed the Administration on the current proposal, which was supported by the Obama Administration as part of a broader cooperative dialogue with the Government of India," the spokesman said. "We understand that the Trump Administration will want to take a fresh look at some of these programs, and we stand prepared to support that effort to ensure that any deal of this importance is properly aligned with U.S. policy priorities." India is expected to spend $250 billion on defense modernization over the next decade, analysts say, and there is concern that a veto on making the F-16 in India would not only hit Lockheed, but also threaten other military contracts to come up in India for Boeing (BA.N), Northrop (NOC.N) and Raytheon (RTN.N). The White House did not respond to requests for comment on the plan to build the plane in India. A person close to Lockheed said company officials did not know what the Trump administration planned to do about the proposal to shift F-16 production to India. "They're following it closely and talking with the White House. But if they don't move production to India, there's no way they'll get the India contract," the person said. One argument to be made was that moving to India would preserve some component production in the United States. "Twenty-five percent of something is better than zero percent of nothing," the person said. NO THREAT TO U.S. JOBS Lockheed has said that moving F-16 assembly to India would create 200 engineering jobs in the United States to help support the production line in India. It has also said that about 800 workers in the United States making the non-Lockheed parts for the F-16 would keep their jobs if construction shifts to India. "We are offering to make the F-16 Block-70 aircraft with a local partner in India. This is an offer exclusive to India," Randall L. Howard, head of F-16 business development, told Reuters ahead of India's biggest air show beginning in Bengaluru next week. In India, the F-16 is up against SAAB's (SAABb.ST) Gripen combat aircraft, which the Swedish firm has also offered to make locally, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi drives a Make-in-India campaign to build a domestic aerospace industry and reduce costly imports. The Indian government is expected to decide this year on which company will build a single-engine fighter plane, in collaboration with a local partner. A defense official said the process was at a very early stage. The Indian air force alone needs 200-250 fighters over the next 10 years, its former chief Arup Raha said before he left office in December. Negotiating arms contracts with India can take years, and industry officials said there was no guarantee Lockheed would win the contract even if it moves production to India. Defense ties between India and the United States have grown rapidly, with U.S. arms sales of more than $4 billion in 2012-15, mostly under government-to-government foreign military sales, upstaging long-term supplier Russia and even Israel. Lockheed's executive director for international business development, Abhay Paranjape, said his team has met with representatives from 40 defense and aviation firms in India to help build the ancillary network for the aircraft assembly program. "We want to be prepared, that's why we started the ground work," he said, adding Lockheed has also scouted possible factory sites in India. Lockheed has a joint venture with India's Tata Advanced Systems Ltd to make airframe components for the C-130J Super Hercules transport plane and the S-92 helicopter. "The capability for building components exists here, it's been proven with the C-130s. The challenge now is to pick the right partners," Paranjape said. (Additional reporting by Andrea Shalal in BERLIN; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Next In Aerospace & Defense Lufthansa, pilots union to decide on mediator proposal on Feb. 15 FRANKFURT Lufthansa and pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit (VC) will decide next week whether to accept a deal proposed by a mediator to settle a long-running labor dispute over issues including pay. Exclusive: EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge BRUSSELS The European Commission is set to revamp a law enabling it to impose duties on non-EU airlines or suspend their flying rights if it finds they have harmed European airlines, as it seeks to counter rising competition from Gulf carriers. U.S., China military planes come inadvertently close over South China Sea WASHINGTON A U.S. Navy P-3 plane and a Chinese military aircraft came close to each other over the South China Sea in an incident the Navy believes was inadvertent, a U.S. official told Reuters on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Feb 10, 2017-Friday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini US firm Lockheed says Trump’s administration may take fresh look at its India F-16 plan india Updated: Feb 09, 2017 22:55 IST Sanjeev Miglani and Mike Stone (Reuters) New Delhi/Washington Two Polish Air Force F-16 fighter jets arrive at the Krzesiny airport in western Poland, near the city of Poznan on November 9, 2006. (REUTERS) US defence firm Lockheed Martin wants to push ahead with plans to move production of its F-16 combat jets to India, but understands President Donald Trump’s administration may want to take a “fresh look” at the proposal. With no more orders for the F-16 from the Pentagon, Lockheed plans to use its Fort Worth, Texas plant instead to produce the fifth generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter that the United States Air Force is transitioning to. Lockheed would switch F-16 production to India, as long as the Indian government agrees to order hundreds of the planes that its air force desperately needs. Trump has criticised US companies that have moved manufacturing overseas and which then sell their products back to the US. In his first few weeks in office, he has pushed companies, from automakers to pharmaceutical firms, to produce more in the United States. Read more Barack Obama leaves office: Highs and lows in India-US ties during his tenure Trump says cut off costs of Lockheed’s F-35 aircraft by $600 million In Lockheed’s case, however, the plan is to build the F-16 to equip the Indian Air Force, and not sell them back into the United States. Lockheed said it has been talking to Trump’s transition and governance teams as well as the US Congress for several months on its plans, including the proposed sale of F-16 planes to India, a spokesman told Reuters in Washington. “We’ve briefed the administration on the current proposal, which was supported by the Obama administration as part of a broader cooperative dialogue with the government of India,” the spokesman said. “We understand that the Trump administration will want to take a fresh look at some of these programmes, and we stand prepared to support that effort to ensure that any deal of this importance is properly aligned with US policy priorities.” India is expected to spend $250 billion on defence modernisation over the next decade, analysts say, and there is concern that a veto on making the F-16 in India would not only hit Lockheed, but also threaten other military contracts to come up in India for Boeing, Northrop and Raytheon. The White House did not respond to requests for comment on the plan to build the plane in India. A person close to Lockheed said company officials did not know what the Trump administration planned to do about the proposal to shift F-16 production to India. “They’re following it closely and talking with the White House. But if they don’t move production to India, there’s no way they’ll get the India contract,” the person said. One argument to be made was that moving to India would preserve some component production in the United States. “Twenty-five percent of something is better than zero percent of nothing,” the person said. “We’ve briefed the administration on the current proposal, which was supported by the Obama administration as part of a broader cooperative dialogue with the government of India” No threat to US jobs Lockheed has said that moving F-16 assembly to India would create 200 engineering jobs in the United States to help support the production line in India. It has also said that about 800 workers in the United States making the non-Lockheed parts for the F-16 would keep their jobs if construction shifts to India. “We are offering to make the F-16 Block-70 aircraft with a local partner in India. This is an offer exclusive to India,” Randall L Howard, head of F-16 business development, told Reuters ahead of India’s biggest air show beginning in Bengaluru next week. In India, the F-16 is up against SAAB’s Gripen combat aircraft, which the Swedish firm has also offered to make locally, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi drives a Make-in-India campaign to build a domestic aerospace industry and reduce costly imports. The Indian government is expected to decide this year on which company will build a single-engine fighter plane, in collaboration with a local partner. A defence official said the process was at a very early stage. Read more US military aid to Pakistan shrinking amid frustration over militancy US firm Lockheed Martin offers to build F-16s in India on assured order from IAF The Indian air force alone needs 200-250 fighters over the next 10 years, its former chief Arup Raha said before he left office in December. Negotiating arms contracts with India can take years, and industry officials said there was no guarantee Lockheed would win the contract even if it moves production to India. Defence ties between India and the United States have grown rapidly, with US arms sales of more than $4 billion in 2012-15, mostly under government-to-government foreign military sales, upstaging long-term supplier Russia and even Israel. Lockheed’s executive director for international business development, Abhay Paranjape, said his team has met with representatives from 40 defence and aviation firms in India to help build the ancillary network for the aircraft assembly programme. “We want to be prepared, that’s why we started the ground work,” he said, adding Lockheed has also scouted possible factory sites in India. Lockheed has a joint venture with India’s Tata Advanced Systems Ltd to make airframe components for the C-130J Super Hercules transport plane and the S-92 helicopter. “The capability for building components exists here, it’s been proven with the C-130s. The challenge now is to pick the right partners,” Paranjape said. (Additional reporting by Andrea Shalal in Berlin) tags Lockheed Martin F-16 combat jets United States Air Force Indian Air Force US Congress more from india AIADMK power struggle: Panneerselvam-Sasikala feud intensifies amid expulsions, hostage allegations Feb 10, 2017 20:37 IST More delay on the cards? Sasikala’s swearing-in venue wears a deserted look Feb 10, 2017 20:27 IST Recommended for you Presenting sponsor co-sponsor partner India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs AIADMK power struggle: Panneerselvam-Sasikala feud intensifies amid expulsions, hostage allegations Feb 10, 2017 20:37 IST More delay on the cards? Sasikala’s swearing-in venue wears a deserted look Feb 10, 2017 20:27 IST 1984 anti-Sikh riots case: Tytler says CBI has not given reason for lie-detection... Feb 10, 2017 19:53 IST Remove govt which tainted your Devbhoomi’s image, says PM Modi at Haridwar rally Feb 10, 2017 19:42 IST Govt launches Braille atlas to let the visually impaired study maps Feb 10, 2017 19:31 IST Karnataka state assembly tables law to legalise bull-racing sport ‘Kambala’ Feb 10, 2017 19:51 IST ‘Collective failure’ to blame for Sankranti boat tragedy in Patna Feb 10, 2017 19:14 IST Syrian Arab women battle IS, social stigma Feb 10, 2017 20:33 IST Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemen’s Hodeidah port, civilians at risk Feb 10, 2017 20:30 IST US tropps can fight terror in Syria as long as they respect sovereignty: Assad Feb 10, 2017 20:30 IST Donald Trump says Israel settlement growth not good for peace Feb 10, 2017 20:19 IST US Senate votes in favour of Tom Price as new health secretary Feb 10, 2017 20:14 IST Iraqi officials: Two suicide bombings in eastern Mosul kill five, 19 injured Feb 10, 2017 20:11 IST Iranians chant ‘Death to America’ as nation celebrates 1979 Islamic revolution Feb 10, 2017 19:42 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Ban on sale of firecrackers to continue in Delhi-NCR: Supreme Court Feb 10, 2017 20:27 IST ‘Collective failure’ to blame for Sankranti boat tragedy in Patna Feb 10, 2017 19:14 IST Opposition boycotts Bengal budget, holds mock session outside Assembly Feb 10, 2017 18:55 IST Police quiz BSSC chief in job exam question paper leak case Feb 10, 2017 18:36 IST Students of crumbling Delhi govt school in Shahbad Dairy face ‘harassment, threats’,... Feb 10, 2017 18:13 IST By 2018-19 Trinamool government set to overtake debt raised by the Left Feb 10, 2017 18:06 IST Bengal girl goes on hunger strike to prevent her own marriage Feb 10, 2017 18:50 IST Karan Thapar to be feted with GK Reddy award Feb 10, 2017 18:00 IST Encroachers try to build wall in Raisina forest area in Gurgaon Feb 10, 2017 17:42 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors JNU a year after: Belying predictions, campus politics is thriving. Here’s why Feb 10, 2017 17:39 IST SWOT analysis: Panneerselvam has the strength to defeat Sasikala, but his weaknesses... Feb 10, 2017 17:31 IST Casteism and communalism are delegitimising the institutions that have built JNU Feb 10, 2017 12:21 IST Why Gujarat matters in Modi-baiter Kejriwal’s national ambitions Feb 10, 2017 12:14 IST Modi’s ‘raincoat’ comment is a flimsy reason to stall Parliament Feb 09, 2017 23:19 IST Bangladesh Board approach Sunil Joshi for spin coach job on Anil Kumble’s advice Feb 10, 2017 20:30 IST Virat Kohli is going to rewrite all cricket records, says Sunil Gavaskar Feb 10, 2017 20:21 IST India vs Bangladesh Test, Day 3: Live streaming, live cricket score - where to ... Feb 10, 2017 19:01 IST Insatiable Virat Kohli and his many records on Day 2 of India vs Bangladesh Test Feb 10, 2017 20:08 IST Did you know Virat Kohli hit just one six in his four double centuries? Feb 10, 2017 20:09 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Bangladesh Board approach Sunil Joshi for spin coach job on Anil Kumble’s advice Feb 10, 2017 20:30 IST Virat Kohli is going to rewrite all cricket records, says Sunil Gavaskar Feb 10, 2017 20:21 IST Russia’s Mariya Savinova stripped of London Games 800m gold for doping Feb 10, 2017 19:10 IST India vs Bangladesh Test, Day 3: Live streaming, live cricket score - where to ... Feb 10, 2017 19:01 IST Aizawl FC beat Churchill Brothers SC to jump to second spot in 2016-17 I-League Feb 10, 2017 18:47 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Did this Pakistani vlogger get arrested for singing Chainsmokers’ Closer? Feb 10, 2017 20:29 IST Didn’t want to be in a hurry for my grandmother’s biopic: Raima Sen Feb 10, 2017 20:19 IST No one in India has ever done anything like Baahubali: Rana Daggubatti Feb 10, 2017 19:49 IST Sussanne and I aren’t trying to set any example: Hrithik Roshan Feb 10, 2017 19:35 IST Bigg Boss 10’s popular jodi Manveer Gurjar-Manu Punjabi shoot for new TV show Feb 10, 2017 17:23 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend If you heart champagne: Easy breezy bubbly cocktails for Valentine’s Day Feb 10, 2017 20:37 IST Bodybuilding vs Crossfit: Here is everything you need to know Feb 10, 2017 20:28 IST Spot the difference between these two anarkalis. Can’t? Here’s why! Feb 10, 2017 19:42 IST National Deworming Day: Washing hands may save a stunted population Feb 10, 2017 19:42 IST Raped at 16, this 36-year-old now tells her tale with the man who raped her Feb 10, 2017 18:45 IST WhatsApp gets two-setep verification for Android, iPhones and Windows Feb 10, 2017 20:33 IST Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone 8 may support wireless charging Feb 10, 2017 20:31 IST BHIM app registration crossed 140 lakh: Prasad Feb 10, 2017 19:46 IST Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp are all selling you to be able to sell to you Feb 10, 2017 13:13 IST Waiting for Nokia’s return? You might be able to buy a handset without a flash sale... Feb 09, 2017 17:11 IST Xiaomi looks to ramp up offline distribution Feb 09, 2017 16:28 IST Nokia to acquire software firm Comptel for $370 million Feb 09, 2017 15:53 IST Govt clears single exam for engineering and architecture across India from 2018 Feb 10, 2017 19:10 IST IIM Kozhikode Post Graduate Programme batch records 100% placements Feb 10, 2017 16:47 IST Directors of 10 IIMs, including IIM Bangalore, appointed Feb 10, 2017 16:14 IST Medical admissions in Gujarat to be given on pro-rata basis under NEET: Govt Feb 10, 2017 15:25 IST Meet students from IIM Lucknow who refused jobs to chase their dreams Feb 10, 2017 15:13 IST Celebrating splendour and class at the ‘21 Gun Salute’ vintage car rally Feb 10, 2017 19:55 IST Muzaffarnagar riots: Three years on, no conviction in gang rape cases Feb 10, 2017 17:11 IST As campaigning draws to a close, Uttar Pradesh gears up to vote Feb 09, 2017 19:43 IST Preparations on for the Jallikattu bull-taming event Feb 08, 2017 21:01 IST Jat protests: Clamour for reservation grows Feb 08, 2017 16:31 IST Candidate arrives on ‘arthi’ to file his nomination Feb 10, 2017 15:39 IST 49 bull-tamers injured during Jallikattu in Madurai Feb 10, 2017 12:30 IST Congress leaders react to PM Modi’s ‘raincoat’ remark Feb 09, 2017 18:40 IST On the Move: Boatmen of UP grapple for identity Feb 09, 2017 11:28 IST PM Modi: SP is housing goons, women safety in UP is threatened Feb 08, 2017 17:50 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Even Trump’s Constant Tweeting Wasn’t Enough to Boost Twitter by Sarah Frier @sarahfrier More stories by Sarah Frier February 9, 2017, 11:00 AM EST No benefit to the ‘top of the funnel,’ CFO Noto says on call Biggest factor for growth is Twitter’s own marketing Twitter Stumbles as 4Q Revenue, Sales Growth Stall President Donald Trump’s constant tweeting has put Twitter Inc. in the spotlight, raising its profile in global conversations and making the social media service widely recognizable. Trump has moved shares of Boeing Co., Lockheed Martin Corp., Ford Motor Co. and others, but his missives weren’t able to lift up Twitter’s quarterly results. Revenue in the fourth quarter and a profit outlook for the current period both came in well below analysts’ estimates. Wall Street analysts quizzed Twitter executives Thursday about the Trump effect -- did it boost user growth? Advertiser relationships? The company said it’s very hard for one user to have an impact, even if they’re the buzzy president of the United States. “The president’s use of Twitter has broadened the awareness for how the platform can be used, and it shows the power of Twitter,” Chief Operating Officer Anthony Noto said on the call with investors. But in terms of user growth, “we haven’t seen a benefit to the top of the funnel from the activity throughout the election time period.” The biggest factors for growth are Twitter’s own marketing and product changes, Noto said. With Tweet views in the tens of billions, moving that metric up 10 percent would require “significant events,” that can’t occur just over one period, Noto said. “It could be very hard for an event or a single person to drive sustained growth.” Trump has basically become “a giant marketing vehicle” for Twitter, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said in a note Wednesday, ahead of the earnings. He upgraded the stock to “buy,” and said there has been a “meaningful uptick” in downloads of the Twitter app on iOS devices in the U.S. this year. It still lags far behind other social media giants. Twitter added 2 million monthly active users in the fourth quarter, compared with Facebook Inc., which drummed up 72 million in the same period. The president uses Twitter at all hours, calling out anything he sees as unfair, reiterating his goals for the country and riling up his followers. As soon as he posts, he can have a direct effect on the markets and the news cycle. Still, Trump’s impact through tweets appears to be dwindling, at least when it comes to moving markets. Wednesday’s tweet, in which he said it was unfair for Nordstrom Inc. to drop his daughter Ivanka Trump’s brand, caused the retailer to tumble initially, for example. But the store quickly recovered and ended up having its best day in two months. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Co-Sponsor Associate Sponsor Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Hockey League News18 Movie Awards 2017 Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Latest NewsImmersiveGossipCompare IndiaHockey LeagueNews18 Movie Awards 2017 Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Hockey League News18 Movie Awards 2017 Lockheed Wants to Make F-16 in India, But Team Trump May Take 'Fresh Look' Ghost Villages of Uttarakhand Where Netas no Longer Reach Chinese Soldier Wang Qi Arrives Home From India After 50 Years Sangeet Somâs Brother Detained for Carrying Pistol in Polling Booth News18 » India 4-min read Lockheed Wants to Make F-16 in India, But Team Trump May Take 'Fresh Look' Reuters First published: February 9, 2017, 10:10 PM IST | Updated: Yesterday Lockheed would switch F-16 production to India, as long as the Indian government agrees to order hundreds of the planes that its air force desperately needs. (Photo: Reuters) New Delhi/Washington: US defence firm Lockheed Martin wants to push ahead with plans to move production of its F-16 combat jets to India, but understands President Donald Trump's administration may want to take a "fresh look" at the proposal. With no more orders for the F-16 from the Pentagon, Lockheed plans to use its Fort Worth, Texas plant instead to produce the fifth generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter that the United States Air Force is transitioning to. Lockheed would switch F-16 production to India, as long as the Indian government agrees to order hundreds of the planes that its air force desperately needs. Trump has criticised US companies that have moved manufacturing overseas and which then sell their products back to the US In his first few weeks in office, he has pushed companies, from automakers to pharmaceutical firms, to produce more in the United States. In Lockheed's case, however, the plan is to build the F-16 to equip the Indian Air Force, and not sell them back into the United States. Lockheed said it has been talking to Trump's transition and governance teams as well as the US Congress for several months on its plans, including the proposed sale of F-16 planes to India, a spokesman told Reuters in Washington. "We've briefed the Administration on the current proposal, which was supported by the Obama Administration as part of a broader cooperative dialogue with the Government of India," the spokesman said. "We understand that the Trump Administration will want to take a fresh look at some of these programs, and we stand prepared to support that effort to ensure that any deal of this importance is properly aligned with U.S. policy priorities." India is expected to spend $250 billion on defence modernisation over the next decade, analysts say, and there is concern that a veto on making the F-16 in India would not only hit Lockheed, but also threaten other military contracts to come up in India for Boeing, Northrop and Raytheon. The White House did not respond to requests for comment on the plan to build the plane in India. A person close to Lockheed said company officials did not know what the Trump administration planned to do about the proposal to shift F-16 production to India. "They're following it closely and talking with the White House. But if they don't move production to India, there's no way they'll get the India contract," the person said. One argument to be made was that moving to India would preserve some component production in the United States. "Twenty-five percent of something is better than zero percent of nothing," the person said. In this file photo, an F-16 fighter jet takes off from Incirlik airbase in the southern city of Adana, Turkey. (Photo: Reuters) NO THREAT TO US JOBS Lockheed has said that moving F-16 assembly to India would create 200 engineering jobs in the United States to help support the production line in India. It has also said that about 800 workers in the United States making the non-Lockheed parts for the F-16 would keep their jobs if construction shifts to India. "We are offering to make the F-16 Block-70 aircraft with a local partner in India. This is an offer exclusive to India," Randall L. Howard, head of F-16 business development, told Reuters ahead of India's biggest air show beginning in Bengaluru next week. In India, the F-16 is up against SAAB's Gripen combat aircraft, which the Swedish firm has also offered to make locally, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi drives a Make-in-India campaign to build a domestic aerospace industry and reduce costly imports. The Indian government is expected to decide this year on which company will build a single-engine fighter plane, in collaboration with a local partner. A defence official said the process was at a very early stage. The Indian air force alone needs 200-250 fighters over the next 10 years, its former chief Arup Raha said before he left office in December. Negotiating arms contracts with India can take years, and industry officials said there was no guarantee Lockheed would win the contract even if it moves production to India. Defence ties between India and the United States have grown rapidly, with U.S. arms sales of more than $4 billion in 2012-15, mostly under government-to-government foreign military sales, upstaging long-term supplier Russia and even Israel. Lockheed's executive director for international business development, Abhay Paranjape, said his team has met with representatives from 40 defence and aviation firms in India to help build the ancillary network for the aircraft assembly programme. "We want to be prepared, that's why we started the ground work," he said, adding Lockheed has also scouted possible factory sites in India. Lockheed has a joint venture with India's Tata Advanced Systems Ltd to make airframe components for the C-130J Super Hercules transport plane and the S-92 helicopter. "The capability for building components exists here, it's been proven with the C-130s. The challenge now is to pick the right partners," Paranjape said. donald trump F-16 jet F-16 production in India iaf Recommended For You New 2017 Hyundai Grand i10 Review: It's Not Going to Be Easy for Ignis News18 Movie Awards 2017: Nominees For Best Actress Virat Kohli & Wriddhiman Saha: The New Masters of DRS SRK, Aamir Khan Click Their Very First Picture Together and It's Classic Apple AirPods Review: Contrary To Popular Belief, They are Just Brilliant About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Watch Varun Dhawan Working Out Heavy and Eating Right For Judwa 2 Jolly LLB 2 Box Office Collection: Akshay Kumar Starrer Mints Rs 13 Crore on Day 1 K Pandiarajan: Minister Who Jumped Ship to Rattle Chinnamma's Camp Ghost Villages of Uttarakhand Where Netas no Longer Reach Ritz Paris, Andrew Fairlie Crowned 'Grandes Tables du Monde' For 2017 Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Emirates Airline: We support more than a million U.S. jobs - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Emirates Airline: We support more than a million U.S. jobs Posted: Thursday, February 9, 2017 11:53 AM EST Updated: Thursday, February 9, 2017 1:04 PM EST American Airlines (AAL), Delta (DAL) and United want President Trump's administration to review agreements that allow their Gulf rivals Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways have an unfair advantage because of government subsidies worth $50 billion.... American Airlines (AAL), Delta (DAL) and United want President Trump's administration to review agreements that allow their Gulf rivals Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways have an unfair advantage because of government subsidies worth $50 billion.... By Zahraa Alkhalisi DUBAI (CNNMoney) -- Gulf airlines are fighting back hard against claims they're destroying American jobs. They say the opposite is true. American Airlines, Delta and United want President Trump's administration to review agreements that allow their Gulf rivals to fly freely from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar to any U.S. destination. They say Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways have an unfair advantage because of government subsidies worth $50 billion. "We really want to create more jobs in the U.S. and support the economy in the U.S.," Emirates chairman Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum told CNNMoney's Richard Quest in an exclusive interview. "We carry nearly 4,000 people into the U.S. everyday, we invested 140 billion [U.S. dollars] and supported over a million peoples' jobs." Emirates says it has ordered 346 Boeing 777s worth $140 billion at list prices since 1991. Including maintenance and repair deals with GE, Emirates says those past and future orders support more than a million jobs. Abu Dhabi's airline, Etihad, says it supported more than 100,000 American jobs and contributed $10 billion to the U.S. economy in 2016 alone. And Qatar Airways says Gulf airlines have been following Trump's "America First" mantra for a very long time. "[Trump] should try to support us because we always... bring America first by ordering American manufactured goods for our airlines, contrary to what the others are doing -- placing large airplane orders with European, Brazilian and Canadian manufacturers," Qatar CEO Akbar Al Baker told CNNMoney. Al Baker said he would welcome an investigation by an independent third party into the claims of unfair subsidies. "We are publishing our accounts, we are not running our airlines the way we are perceived to run [them] and we have open books and President Trump is most welcome to appoint a special counsel to look at this," he said. Aviation industry executives, including the CEOs of Delta and United, are meeting Trump on Thursday. American Airlines CEO Doug Parker will not attend due to an annual company leadership retreat in Dallas. The Open Skies Agreements is not officially on the agenda, said one of the people familiar with the meeting. That doesn't mean it won't come up. But if it does, Trump will have to consider not only jobs at Boeing and GE but also the views of carriers such as Hawaiian Airlines and JetBlue Airways who want the Open Skies agreements with the UAE and Qatar to continue unchanged. Those airlines want to keep passengers on the Middle East airlines flowing to their U.S. flights from overseas. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors THE MOSTCOMPREHENSIVEELECTION COVERAGE Uttar Pradesh Punjab Goa Uttarakhand Manipur The Search Meter Video diaries & live updates from the campaign trail DidYouKnow Newsroom diaries 2016: How we covered the year's big stories Firstpost . Saturday, February 11, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics AIADMK crisis: Why the move to declare Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden property as memorial is illegal AIADMK crisis: Peace has a limit, warns Sasikala as support rises for OPS Uttar Pradesh Election 2017 LIVE: Western UP records 45% voter turnout till 2 pm; Mayawati claims BSP will win 1st phase UP Election 2017: Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme AIADMK Crisis LIVE: Sasikala to meet MLAs at Golden Bay resort, may bring them to Raj Bhavan UP Election 2017: How Modi's campaign changed dramatically and what it says about BJP's chances Sports Live India vs Bangladesh 2017, Test Day 3, scores and updates: Mushfiqur brings up 50 I-League 2017: Bengaluru FC look to regain ground against debutants Minerva Punjab Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy 2017: Schedule, when and where to watch, live coverage on TV, online streaming NBA roundup: Draymond Green makes history in Warriors win over Grizzlies; Spurs and Heat cruise India vs Bangladesh: Virat Kohli says he isn't satisfied with just Test hundreds, wants to play longer innings Liverpool ban 'The Sun' journalists from Anfield over Hillsborough disaster coverage India UP Election 2017: Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme Uttar Pradesh: The slow death of Kanpur’s leather economy and state's job crisis 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? GoAir emergency: How the 'miraculous escape' was just another day at the office for pilots SC says it can't regulate Sardar jokes: Our view of comedy should broaden in this age of outrage Dalits barred from temple fest in Kannur; activist accuses Kerala's CPM of discrimination World Russia considers returning Edward Snowden to US as 'gift' Beijing gets early ‘one China’ policy win off Donald Trump, but many battles remain US senator Bernie Sanders calls Donald Trump 'delusional' New Zealand rescuers form human chain to help stranded whales after 300 died China expels dozens of South Korean missionaries amid increasing missile defence tension US Election Commission official asks Donald Trump to produce voter fraud evidence Business Ajay Tyagi to head capital markets regulator Sebi, to take charge on March 1 Infosys governance issues: Board not keen on Tata-style row with founders Infosys: Board must answer questions about corporate governance Govt forms task force against shell companies, vows to take'harsh punitive' action Demonetisation impact: IIP contracts to 4-month low of 0.4% in December Budget Session so far: Productivity at 113%; Bills passed just 2 Life 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? Harassment of transgender principal Manobi Bandhopadhyay is typical of society's attitudes Portraits of the 'primitive': The Konyaks, Nagaland's headhunting tribe, are the subject of a new exhibition Valentine's Day special: Around the heart in 80 dates — do Indians even know how to date? SC says it can't regulate Sardar jokes: Our view of comedy should broaden in this age of outrage Women scientists in India: What we learnt from a year of lab-hopping across the country Entertainment SRK-Aamir click a selfie; Anushka slams Phillauri rumours: What stars got up to on social media Tamma Tamma Again: Varun-Alia step into Sanjay-Madhuri's dancing shoes with authority Mahindra Blues Festival 2017: The seventh edition of Asia's largest blues fest is also its youngest Padmavati protest: Jaipur royal family supports Karni Sena against Sanjay Leela Bhansali Sonakshi Sinha could be roped in for AR Murugadoss' next film with superstar Vijay Avengers: Infinity War on-set teaser released by Marvel Studios; major reveals ahead Photos Videos Election 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors You are here: Latest News Fwire News Donald Trump's administration may take 'fresh look' at making F-16 planes in India, says US firm Lockheed Martin ReutersFeb, 10 2017 09:47:34 IST #Bengaluru#C-130j super hercules#Defence deal#Donald trump#F-16#F-16 block-70#F-35#Gripen#Indianairforce#Lockheed martin#Make in india#Modernisation#Narendra modi#Newstracker#Randall l howard#Reuters#Saab#Tata advanced systems#United states#Us congress New Delhi/Washington: Defence firm Lockheed Martin wants to push ahead with plans to move production of its F-16 combat jets to India, but understands President Donald Trump's administration may want to take a "fresh look" at the proposal. With no more orders for the F-16 from the Pentagon, Lockheed plans to use its Fort Worth, Texas plant instead to produce the fifth generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter that the United States Air Force is transitioning to. Lockheed would switch F-16 production to India, as long as the Indian government agrees to order hundreds of the planes that its air force desperately needs. Trump has criticised US companies that have moved manufacturing overseas and which then sell their products back to the US. In his first few weeks in office, he has pushed companies, from automakers to pharmaceutical firms, to produce more in the United States. A file image of F-16 aircraft. AFP In Lockheed's case, however, the plan is to build the F-16 to equip the Indian Air Force, and not sell them back into the United States. Lockheed said it has been talking to Trump's transition and governance teams as well as the US Congress for several months on its plans, including the proposed sale of F-16 planes to India, a spokesman told Reuters in Washington. "We've briefed the Administration on the current proposal, which was supported by the Obama Administration as part of a broader cooperative dialogue with the Government of India," the spokesman said. "We understand that the Trump Administration will want to take a fresh look at some of these programmes, and we stand prepared to support that effort to ensure that any deal of this importance is properly aligned with US policy priorities. "India is expected to spend $250 billion on defence modernisation over the next decade, analysts say, and there is concern that a veto on making the F-16 in India would not only hit Lockheed, but also threaten other military contracts to come up in India for Boeing, Northrop and Raytheon. The White House did not respond to requests for comment on the plan to build the plane in India. A person close to Lockheed said company officials did not know what the Trump administration planned to do about the proposal to shift F-16 production to India. "They're following it closely and talking with the White House. But if they don't move production to India, there's no way they'll get the India contract," the person said. One argument to be made was that moving to India would preserve some component production in the United States. "Twenty-five percent of something is better than zero percent of nothing," the person said. No threat to US jobs Lockheed has said that moving F-16 assembly to India would create 200 engineering jobs in the United States to help support the production line in India. It has also said that about 800 workers in the United States making the non-Lockheed parts for the F-16 would keep their jobs if construction shifts to India. "We are offering to make the F-16 Block-70 aircraft with a local partner in India. This is an offer exclusive to India," Randall L Howard, head of F-16 business development, told Reuters ahead of India's biggest air show beginning in Bengaluru next week. In India, the F-16 is up against SAAB's Gripen combat aircraft, which the Swedish firm has also offered to make locally, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi drives a Make-In-India campaign to build a domestic aerospace industry and reduce costly imports. The Indian government is expected to decide this year on which company will build a single-engine fighter plane, in collaboration with a local partner. A defence official said the process was at a very early stage. The Indian Air Force alone needs 200-250 fighters over the next 10 years, its former chief Arup Raha said before he left office in December. Negotiating arms contracts with India can take years, and industry officials said there was no guarantee Lockheed would win the contract even if it moves production to India. Defence ties between India and the United States have grown rapidly, with US arms sales of more than $4 billion in 2012-15, mostly under government-to-government foreign military sales, upstaging long-term supplier Russia and even Israel. Lockheed's executive director for international business development, Abhay Paranjape, said his team has met with representatives from 40 defence and aviation firms in India to help build the ancillary network for the aircraft assembly programme. "We want to be prepared, that's why we started the ground work," he said, adding Lockheed has also scouted possible factory sites in India. Lockheed has a joint venture with India's Tata Advanced Systems Ltd to make airframe components for the C-130J Super Hercules transport plane and the S-92 helicopter. "The capability for building components exists here, it's been proven with the C-130s. The challenge now is to pick the right partners," Paranjape said. #Bengaluru#C-130j super hercules#Defence deal#Donald trump#F-16#F-16 block-70#F-35#Gripen#Indianairforce#Lockheed martin#Make in india#Modernisation#Narendra modi#Newstracker#Randall l howard#Reuters#Saab#Tata advanced systems#United states#Us congress Also See Pakistan bans Hafiz Saeed and 38 others from travelling, protests escalate Donald Trump is America's problem, but India's opportunity Rafale deal: Air Force declines RTI plea on releasing details on grounds of confidentiality Trump's 'America First' policy could challenge Modi's 'Make in India' vision: Chinese media Top Stories Uttar Pradesh Election 2017 LIVE: Western UP records 39.43% voter turnout till 1 pm; Mayawati claims BSP will win 1st phase K Pandiarajan: Minister Who Jumped Ship to Rattle Chinnamma's Camp MSG Lion Heart 2 'review': Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh launches another surgical strike on cinema Women scientists in India: What we learnt from a year of lab-hopping across the country Meeting a financial planner for first time? Here is a checklist 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? Live India vs Bangladesh 2017, Test Day 3, scores and updates: Mushfiqur brings up 50 Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 88 runs Bangladesh in India, Only Test, 2017 Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 40 runs Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 New Zealand beat Australia by 24 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 7 wickets Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 Match Abandoned England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 India beat England by 75 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 121 runs Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 New Zealand beat Australia by 6 runs England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 India beat England by 5 runs Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 16th, 2017, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, Only T20 International Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 17th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 17th, 2017, 02:10 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 5 ODI Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 19th, 2017, 06:30 AM IST Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 19th, 2017, 01:00 PM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 19th, 2017, 01:50 PM IST Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 21st, 2017, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 5 ODI Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 22nd, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 22nd, 2017, 02:20 PM IST Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 IND vs AUS - Feb 23rd, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Assembly Elections 2017 Weather Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Emirates Airline: We support more than a million U.S. jobs Emirates Airline: We support more than a million U.S. jobs Posted on Thursday, February 9, 2017 by CNN in Business News Gulf airlines are fighting back hard against claims they’re destroying American jobs. They say the opposite is true. American Airlines, Delta and United want President Trump’s administration to review agreements that allow their Gulf rivals to fly freely from the United Arab Emirates and Qatar to any U.S. destination. They say Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways have an unfair advantage because of government subsidies worth $50 billion. “We really want to create more jobs in the U.S. and support the economy in the U.S.,” Emirates chairman Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum told CNNMoney’s Richard Quest in an exclusive interview. “We carry nearly 4,000 people into the U.S. everyday, we invested 140 billion [U.S. dollars] and supported over a million peoples’ jobs.” Emirates says it has ordered 346 Boeing 777s worth $140 billion at list prices since 1991. Including maintenance and repair deals with GE, Emirates says those past and future orders support more than a million jobs. Abu Dhabi’s airline, Etihad, says it supported more than 100,000 American jobs and contributed $10 billion to the U.S. economy in 2016 alone. And Qatar Airways says Gulf airlines have been following Trump’s “America First” mantra for a very long time. “[Trump] should try to support us because we always… bring America first by ordering American manufactured goods for our airlines, contrary to what the others are doing — placing large airplane orders with European, Brazilian and Canadian manufacturers,” Qatar CEO Akbar Al Baker told CNNMoney. Al Baker said he would welcome an investigation by an independent third party into the claims of unfair subsidies. “We are publishing our accounts, we are not running our airlines the way we are perceived to run [them] and we have open books and President Trump is most welcome to appoint a special counsel to look at this,” he said. Aviation industry executives, including the CEOs of Delta and United, are meeting Trump on Thursday. American Airlines CEO Doug Parker will not attend due to an annual company leadership retreat in Dallas. The Open Skies Agreements is not officially on the agenda, said one of the people familiar with the meeting. That doesn’t mean it won’t come up. But if it does, Trump will have to consider not only jobs at Boeing and GE but also the views of carriers such as Hawaiian Airlines and JetBlue Airways who want the Open Skies agreements with the UAE and Qatar to continue unchanged. Those airlines want to keep passengers on the Middle East airlines flowing to their U.S. flights from overseas. Young British men are earning less than previous generation Wells Fargo poised to wipe out CEO's bonus Related Posts Donald Trump is having a ‘YUGE’ impact on advertising Exxon and Chevron profits are down over 50% Boeing tanks on poor outlook for new planes The winning numbers for Powerball’s big $1.5 billion drawing are in! Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Wrestling Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Trump vs. Nordstrom: Latest moves raising ethical concerns Nordstrom Trump Tweet Nordstrom shares dipped after Donald Trump criticized the Seattle-based retailer on Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017. Then, it recovered and went on to have its ninth best day in five years, according to The Seattle Times. (The Associated Press) Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press Follow on Twitter on February 09, 2017 at 7:25 AM, updated February 09, 2017 at 7:44 AM comments Kellyanne Conway encouraged people to "go buy Ivanka's stuff" on Fox News, then boasted that she was giving the brand "a free commercial." NEW YORK -- The White House is rushing to the defense of Ivanka Trump's company -- the latest sign the president can't seem to separate the presidency from his family's businesses. President Donald Trump added to a string of presidential firsts on Wednesday, and drew fire from ethics lawyers, with a Twitter attack on Nordstrom. The Seattle-based retailer stoked Trump's rage by dropping his daughter Ivanka's clothing and accessory line. The implication, intended or not: Hurt my daughter's business, and the Oval Office will come after you. "My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom," the president tweeted. "She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" The government-led cheerleading for Ivanka Trump's private enterprise didn't end there. White House counselor Kellyanne Conway, in an interview Thursday with Fox News from the White House briefing room, encouraged people to "go buy Ivanka's stuff." She boasted that she was giving the brand "a free commercial here." While Trump himself is not subject to the standards of ethical conduct for federal employees, Conway is. Among the rules: An employee shall not use his or her office "for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise." Ivanka Trump does not have a specific role in the White House but moved to Washington with her husband, who is one of Trump's closest advisers. She followed her father's approach on business ties by handing over operating control of her fashion company but retaining ownership of it. Though Trump has tweeted about companies such as Boeing, Carrier and General Motors, ethics experts say this time was different. It involved his daughter's business, which raises conflict-of-interest concerns. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter" when he posted the tweet and that "he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." The Ivanka Trump flare-up follows revelations that first lady Melania Trump expected to develop "multimillion-dollar business relationships" tied to her presence in the White House, according to a lawsuit she filed on Monday. Ethics experts have criticized Trump's plan to separate himself from his sprawling real estate business by handing managerial control to his two adult sons. The experts want him to sell his company. Most modern presidents have sold their financial holdings and put the cash raised in a blind trust whose investments remained unknown to them. Kathleen Clark, a government ethics expert, said the Nordstrom tweet is problematic because other retailers may think twice now about dropping the Ivanka Trump brand for fear of getting criticized publicly by the president. She said it was especially disturbing that Trump retweeted his message on the official White House account. "The implicit threat was that he will use whatever authority he has to retaliate against Nordstrom, or anyone who crosses his interest," said Clark, a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis. Clark defended the president's right to use his personal Twitter account to express his views, however. She noted that government workers recently set up alt-EPA accounts to criticize the president's policies. "A government employee, even a president, is allowed to tweet in his personal capacity." One of the president's fiercest ethics critics, Norman Eisen, described the tweet differently -- a "bullying" tactic beneath the dignity of the president's office. "This is a shot across the bow to everybody who is doing business with Trump or his family," said Eisen, who was President Barack Obama's chief ethics counselor. "It's warning them: Don't withdraw their business." Eisen joined with other legal scholars and lawyers to sue the president last month for allegedly violating a clause in the Constitution that prohibits government officials from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments. Though other legal scholars disagree, Eisen said such payments include foreign diplomats staying at Trump's new Washington D.C. hotel and holding events there and at the other Trump venues. Trump and his top aides have repeatedly said that Americans do not care about what Eisen and other ethics critics say. "Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world," Trump wrote on Twitter Nov. 21. Two surveys released in January show that's not entirely the case. A Quinnipiac University poll found that about 60 percent of registered voters were at least somewhat concerned that the president would "veto a law that would be good for the country because it would hurt his business interests." And a Pew Research Center poll found that 57 percent of American adults were at least somewhat concerned that Trump's businesses could "conflict with his ability to serve the country's best interests." Nordstrom shares climb after angry tweet Yet Trump seems to have calculated that his base of supporters forgives -- and maybe even encourages -- his protective bluster about his family businesses. Nordstrom reiterated Wednesday that its decision was based on the brand's performance, not politics. The company said sales of Ivanka Trump items had steadily declined over the past year, particularly in the last half of 2016, "to the point where it didn't make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now." Retailers drop brands all the time because of poor performance, said brand consultant Allen Adamson. But given a highly charged political environment, perception is reality for loyal Trump fans. "It is clearly hard for Nordstrom to tell the story that it is dropping (the brand) for business reasons," said Adamson, founder of the firm Brand Simple. - The Associated Press Most Read Business Briefing The top business headlines of the day delivered to your inbox. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Trump vs Nordstrom: The latest bout raising ethical concerns Ivanka Trump FILE - In this Nov. 11, 2016 file photo, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci, File) (Evan Vucci) Print Email The Associated Press | Wire reports By The Associated Press | Wire reports MLive.com on February 09, 2017 at 10:39 AM, updated February 09, 2017 at 10:40 AM comments NEW YORK (AP) -- The White House is rushing to the defense of Ivanka Trump's company -- the latest sign the president can't seem to separate the presidency from his family's businesses. President Donald Trump added to a string of presidential firsts on Wednesday, and drew fire from ethics lawyers, with a Twitter attack on Nordstrom. The Seattle-based retailer stoked Trump's rage by dropping his daughter Ivanka's clothing and accessory line. The implication, intended or not: Hurt my daughter's business, and the Oval Office will come after you. "My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom," the president tweeted. "She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible! -- Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 The government-led cheerleading for Ivanka Trump's private enterprise didn't end there. White House counselor Kellyanne Conway, in an interview Thursday with Fox News from the White House briefing room, encouraged people to "go buy Ivanka's stuff." She boasted that she was giving the brand "a free commercial here." While Trump himself is not subject to the standards of ethical conduct for federal employees, Conway is. Among the rules: An employee shall not use his or her office "for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise." Ivanka Trump does not have a specific role in the White House but moved to Washington with her husband, who is one of Trump's closest advisers. She followed her father's approach on business ties by handing over operating control of her fashion company but retaining ownership of it. Though Trump has tweeted about companies such as Boeing, Carrier and General Motors, ethics experts say this time was different. It involved his daughter's business, which raises conflict-of-interest concerns. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter" when he posted the tweet and that "he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." The Ivanka Trump flare-up follows revelations that first lady Melania Trump expected to develop "multi-million dollar business relationships" tied to her presence in the White House, according to a lawsuit she filed on Monday. Ethics experts have criticized Trump's plan to separate himself from his sprawling real estate business by handing managerial control to his two adult sons. The experts want him to sell his company. Most modern presidents have sold their financial holdings and put the cash raised in a blind trust whose investments remained unknown to them. Kathleen Clark, a government ethics expert, said the Nordstrom tweet is problematic because other retailers may think twice now about dropping the Ivanka Trump brand for fear of getting criticized publicly by the president. She said it was especially disturbing that Trump retweeted his message on the official White House account. "The implicit threat was that he will use whatever authority he has to retaliate against Nordstrom, or anyone who crosses his interest," said Clark, a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis. Clark defended the president's right to use his personal Twitter account to express his views, however. She noted that government workers recently set up alt-EPA accounts to criticize the president's policies. "A government employee, even a president, is allowed to tweet in his personal capacity." One of the president's fiercest ethics critics, Norman Eisen, described the tweet differently -- a "bullying" tactic beneath the dignity of the president's office. "This is a shot across the bow to everybody who is doing business with Trump or his family," said Eisen, who was President Barack Obama's chief ethics counselor. "It's warning them: Don't withdraw their business." Eisen joined with other legal scholars and lawyers to sue the president last month for allegedly violating a clause in the Constitution that prohibits government officials from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments. Though other legal scholars disagree, Eisen said such payments include foreign diplomats staying at Trump's new Washington D.C. hotel and holding events there and at the other Trump venues. Trump and his top aides have repeatedly said that Americans do not care about what Eisen and other ethics critics say. "Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world," Trump wrote on Twitter Nov. 21. Two surveys released in January show that's not entirely the case. A Quinnipiac University poll found that about 60 percent of registered voters were at least somewhat concerned that the president would "veto a law that would be good for the country because it would hurt his business interests." And a Pew Research Center poll found that 57 percent of American adults were at least somewhat concerned that Trump's businesses could "conflict with his ability to serve the country's best interests." Yet Trump seems to have calculated that his base of supporters forgives -- and maybe even encourages -- his protective bluster about his family businesses. Nordstrom reiterated Wednesday that its decision was based on the brand's performance, not politics. The company said sales of Ivanka Trump items had steadily declined over the past year, particularly in the last half of 2016, "to the point where it didn't make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now." Retailers drop brands all the time because of poor performance, said brand consultant Allen Adamson. But given a highly charged political environment, perception is reality for loyal Trump fans. "It is clearly hard for Nordstrom to tell the story that it is dropping (the brand) for business reasons," said Adamson, founder of the firm Brand Simple. Michigan's Best 'They deserve it' - community rallies around Michigan's Best Bowling Alley Michigan's Best Bowling Alley: Top 10 revealed Michigan's Best bowling alley is in Fowler: E-Lanes Guide to all Michigan's Best searches Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Inhalt Navigation Weitere Inhalte Metanavigation Suche Choose from 30 Languages Albanian Shqip Amharic አማርኛ Arabic العربية Bengali বাংলা Bosnian B/H/S Bulgarian Български Chinese 中文 Croatian Hrvatski Dari دری English English French Français German Deutsch Greek Ελληνικά Hausa Hausa Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian Bahasa Indonesia Kiswahili Kiswahili Macedonian Македонски Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Polish Polski Portuguese Português para África Portuguese Português do Brasil Romanian Română Russian Русский Serbian Српски/Srpski Spanish Español Turkish Türkçe Ukrainian Українська Urdu اردو Wrong language? Change it here DW.COM has chosen English as your language setting. DW.COM in 30 languages DW AKADEMIE ABOUT DW Deutsche Welle TOP STORIES Germany Germany Guide for Refugees World Europe Africa Crime Fighters Africa on the Move Asia Americas Middle East Business Davos 2017 My 2030 Science In Good Shape Spectrum Tomorrow Today Environment Global Ideas In focus DoingYourBit Eco@Africa Living Planet Culture Film Books Music Arts Digital Culture Lifestyle Travel Sports Bundesliga Champions League National Team F1 eSports More sports SPECIAL Art of Freedom. Freedom of Art. Generation 25 German Book Prize German-Jewish Cultural Heritage Gutenberg in the Cyberstorm Learning by Ear Merkel's pledge Sports: the global language Germany Germany building too few homes, and the wrong kind 08.02.2017 World UN envoy: 'Inhumane things are happening in Libya' 07.02.2017 Business China exports surge amid trade spat with US 10.02.2017 Media Center Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs TV programs Arts.21 Business Check-in Close up Conflict Zone Documentaries Drive it! DW News Eco-at-Africa Euromaxx Europe in Concert Faith Matters Focus on Europe Global 3000 In Good Shape Interview Kick off! Kino Made in Germany PopXport Quadriga Reporter Sarah's Music Shift The Bundesliga The Day Tomorrow Today Treasures of the World World Stories RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German Courses Quick start Harry Deutsch Interaktiv Radio D Mission Europe Deutsch - warum nicht? Audiotrainer Deutschtrainer German XXL German XXL Deutsch Aktuell Deutsch im Fokus Telenovela Bandtagebuch Landeskunde Community D Community D Das Porträt Facebook & Co. Podcasts & Newsletter Service Teaching German Teaching German DW im Unterricht Unterrichtsreihen Deutschlehrer-Info Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports TOP STORIES / Science Science Is 2017 the year human spaceflight returns? This could be a special year for human spaceflight. Europe and the US are collaborating and progressing with the Orion spacecraft, and next week, SpaceX inaugurates a revamped launch site in part for human cargo. To call it a space race at this stage would be odd, not to mention misleading. What we're seeing now is more like a sprint, or a dash, where all the competitors are holding hands to the finish. First, both the Europeans and Americans are keen on human spaceflight. And they know they can't do it alone - nations are pooling resources as much with each other as they are with commercial space enterprises. So much is clear. And as a result it will be a European Service Module that propels NASA's Orion spacecraft beyond the moon and back in 2018. But there are further plans to build a second module for another mission, possibly in 2021, that will carry astronauts. If this happens, and no other mob trumps it, the mission will be the first to take humans beyond low orbit since 1972. The mission will be powered by European hardware. It will provide water, thermal control and atmosphere for a crew of up to four astronauts. Next week, the European Space Agency and Airbus Defence and Space sign off on an agreement with NASA, and they will get things started. The community, even in Europe, has embraced a public-private approach to space. "Involving the commercial sector and their new fresh ideas, of course it's a good idea," says David Parker, ESA's head of Human Spaceflight and Robotic Exploration. "There are fantastic entrepreneurs out there who may provide a telecommunications service around the moon so that everybody can have the telecommunications for their lunar lander or their astronauts." Modern launch pad Then there's SpaceX, one of the commercial providers that has been delivering supplies to the International Space Station. It plans to inaugurate a revamped, fourth launch facility - a modified NASA launch complex in Florida known as "39A" - also next week. ESA's David Parker used to head the UK Space Agency. The UK has long focused on the commercial benefits of space NASA's Space Shuttles launched from 39A (before they were grounded). They were the last of America's human space capability. Activating 39A may well help SpaceX clear a current backlog of about 70 flights. It's also another step in NASA's plans to have SpaceX and Airbus competitor, Boeing, ferry astronauts to the International Space Station by the end of 2017. The SpaceX rocket, Falcon 9, which carries a Dragon capsule, launches from 39A. Boeing has its CST-100 spacecraft. All this commercial enterprise will, however, come at a cost. "Of course it will be a commercial service, but bringing that kind of entrepreneurial spirit, I don't think it's a bad thing," says Parker. For science and riches Historically, says Parker, people have explored for various reasons. During the gold rushes of the Wild West and Australia, for instance, some will have gone for the riches and others for the pure exploration, the science. But space is such an untapped resource, there's so much we don't know, what it is, how it "functions," or how much it's worth. So are we really prepared to let this rejuvenated age of entrepreneurial space exploration develop on a "wait-and-see" basis? Just look at the internet if you're wondering where that kind of attitude may lead us. That said, skeptics like me may have to endure a few entrepreneurs earning bucket loads in the short-term, and hang on for the long-term benefits for the rest of humanity. Economics Minister Brigitte Zypries shares a mobile moment with astronaut Matthias Maurer and ESA chief Jan Wörner "When we understand the other 90 percent of the physics, imagine what relevance that might have to everyday life," says Parker. "Just as you rely on a mobile telephone today, you don't think about electromagnetic wave theory, do you? But fundamental physics is built into your phone." Equal opportunities? So finally what about our investment in people as we take this next step? We talk about "manned" missions to the moon. But does that include women? Germany's Economics Minister Brigitte Zypries, whose department is responsible for space activity, certainly hopes so. "A lot of women are interested," says Zypries. "About 900 women applied through the initiative, "Die Astronautin [The astronauts]." They're working with ESA and we'll find out soon who's among the final 10 candidates. So, first, let's select one or two of them. But we also have to make sure women continue to be interested in technical professions, and we can only encourage them by saying, 'Get stuck in, you can do it.'" David Parker can do little but agree. And he sees the number of opportunities for people getting to space, wherever or whatever they are, as commercial and public human spaceflight takes off.   "With the Americans building not one, not two, but three new space vehicles that will take astronauts into space, up to the space station, and also beyond as we look to heading back to the moon and onto Mars, the opportunities are going to increase," says Parker. "And there will be different ways for people to get up into space, maybe even commercially. The more people that experience going to space the better." DW recommends Germany’s new astronaut Matthias Maurer eyes 2020 mission and Chinese space ties Matthias Maurer is Europe’s new astronaut. He may have to wait five years before he flies, but he’s the patient sort. And that leaves him time to learn Chinese. He told DW why space is a unifying force. (02.02.2017)   Our SmallGEO satellite is ready for launch and 'we're getting more and more nervous!' Europe's SmallGEO platform launches Friday. It's the first telecommunications satellite 'Made in Germany' for 30 years. DW spoke to a nervous Andreas Lindenthal at OHB System, which built the new technology. (27.01.2017)   SpaceX to resume commercial spaceflights Elon Musk's SpaceX aims to launch a Falcon 9 rocket with a cargo of 10 satellites next week following an investigation into why one of its commercial spacecrafts exploded on a launch pad four months ago. (02.01.2017)   The thousand-year stare: Just how blind are men to women in science and technology? Here's the scene: 17 young scientists, holding awards. All 17 are men. There's one woman, a doctor in aeronautics - but she's handing out the prizes. Clearly she's an exception. And she's banging a drum for women. (16.09.2016)   Date 09.02.2017 Author Zulfikar Abbany Keywords European Space Agency, SpaceX, International Space Station, NASA, Human Spaceflight Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Feedback: Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2XElG Related content Germany’s new astronaut Matthias Maurer eyes 2020 mission and Chinese space ties 02.02.2017 Matthias Maurer is Europe’s new astronaut. He may have to wait five years before he flies, but he’s the patient sort. And that leaves him time to learn Chinese. He told DW why space is a unifying force. Russian Soyuz carrying three astronauts arrives at International Space Station 20.11.2016 A Russian spaceship carrying three astronauts from around the world arrived at the International Space Station Saturday. The crew will conduct experiments on biology and physical sciences in microgravity conditions. Why Europe needs Space 4.0 - private cash and competition - to catch up with the US 30.11.2016 America knows that "government no longer has exclusive access to space." Does Europe? ESA members meeting in Lucerne this week will bank on a future of public-private partnerships in "Space 4.0." Date 09.02.2017 Author Zulfikar Abbany Keywords European Space Agency, SpaceX, International Space Station, NASA, Human Spaceflight Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2XElG more science & technology Hunting with a flashlight The splitfin flashlight fish has a built-in light that it can turn into its very own stroboscope. Now researchers may have figured out what they use it for.   Detox outdoor: market leader takes harmful PFCs out of weatherproof gear The harmful chemical PFC is often found in raincoats and hiking boots. But a market leader in outdoor gear now wants to do without it. Environmentalists have praised the move and see changes afoot in the industry.   Amazing trick: Scientists say Madagascan gecko sheds its skin when attacked Geckos in Madagascar have been found to shed their skin at lightning speed when attacked. The amazing discovery could mean advances for human medicine.   Can tourism protect the Great Barrier Reef? A severe bleaching event last year prompted reports of the Great Barrier Reef’s death. But tour operators say much of the reef still thrives, and their boats can help protect it.    environment Volunteers in New Zealand work to stop fresh whale stranding Volunteers in New Zealand have managed to refloat about 100 surviving pilot whales, after more than 400 of the sea animals had stranded earlier this week. However, the rescue effort is far from over.   Let's talk about overpopulation... Overpopulation is seen as one of the biggest environmental threats our planet faces. But is the problem too many people - or too much consumption?   Big Picture Our beautiful planet So light and delicate they can often only be seen picked out in sunlight and dew, spiderwebs have the tensile strength of steel. There are more than 45,000 species of spider, spinning webs of all shapes and sizes.    In defiance of Trump gag order, environment agency workers will continue to speak out Among Trump's first acts as president was to try to muzzle federal environmental agencies by forbidding them to speak to the press. But the lifelong public servants are refusing to take it lying down.   business Trump and Abe hail US-Japan alliance as "cornerstone" of peace The two leaders also expressed a desire for "fair" trade relations. Their remarks have come on the first day of a two-day long visit by the Japanese Prime Minister with the US President.    Renault boasts record year despite cheating allegations Renault has reported a record year in terms of profit and revenues. France's largest carmaker by sales is being probed over possible cheating on diesel emissions, but refuses to make any provisions.   China exports surge amid trade spat with US China has reported better-than-expected trade data for January, pointing to greater demand both at home and abroad. The fresh figures came as Beijing prepared for likely trade stand-offs with the US president.   Twitter fails to turn Trump tweets into cash Shares in the short messaging service have slumped after it reported sluggish revenue and user growth that led to a widening net loss in the fourth quarter despite the new US president's extensive use of it.   TOP STORIES Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports   A - Z Index MEDIA CENTER Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs   RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German XXL Community D Teaching German ABOUT DW Who we are Press Business & Sales Advertising Travel SERVICE Reception Mobile Newsletters & Co. FAQ Contact   DW AKADEMIE About us Media Development Master's Degree Traineeship Training © 2017 Deutsche Welle | Privacy Policy | Legal notice | Contact | Mobile version
Close White House adviser 'counseled' after brand promotion - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 72° Clear Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest More details released on shooting at range New! Further details have emerged about the man who fatally shot himself in the head Thursday at a Brownsville shooting range. Posted: February 10 rss Texas News Winning numbers drawn in 'Triple Chance' game Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Mega Millions' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Donna Boys Soccer Races Past Pace In Overtime New! The Donna High Redskins came to Pace on Friday, and even though they were short-handed due to a red card, walked away with three points and a 4-1 win in the District 32-5A boys soccer race. Posted: February 10 More From The Latest Brownsville Vets boys hoops gets by Pace Pace Girls Soccer Tops Donna High On PKs Dolan says MSG banning Oakley after arrest at Knicks game Green gets rare triple-double as Warriors beat Grizzlies Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business White House adviser 'counseled' after brand promotion Story Comments Image (4) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Evan Vucci White House adviser 'counseled' after brand promotion FILE - In this Nov. 11, 2016 file photo, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Nordstrom shares sunk after President Trump tweeted that the department store chain had treated his daughter “so unfairly” when it announced last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci, File) Richard Drew White House adviser 'counseled' after brand promotion FILE - In this May 13, 2016 file photo, the Nordstrom logo is displayed above the post where it trades on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York. Nordstrom shares sunk after President Trump tweeted that the department store chain had treated his daughter Ivanka “so unfairly” when it announced last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) TEL Trump backs aide who promoted his daughter's fashion on TV This frame grab from video provided by Fox News shows White House adviser Kellyanne during her interview with Fox News Fox and Friends, Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017, in the briefing room of the White House in Washington. Conway defended Ivanka Trump's fashion company, telling Fox News that Trump is a "successful businesswoman" and people should give the company their business. (Fox News via AP) TEL White House adviser 'counseled' after brand promotion This frame grab from video provided by Fox News shows White House adviser Kellyanne during her interview with Fox News Fox and Friends, Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017, in the briefing room of the White House in Washington. Conway defended Ivanka Trump's fashion company, telling Fox News that Trump is a "successful businesswoman" and people should give the company their business. (Fox News via AP) Posted: Thursday, February 9, 2017 6:37 pm | Updated: 7:00 pm, Thu Feb 9, 2017. White House adviser 'counseled' after brand promotion Associated Press | WASHINGTON (AP) — The White House has "counseled" a top aide to President Donald Trump after she promoted Ivanka Trump's fashion line during a national cable television appearance from the White House. But House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz says that's not enough, calling what Kellyanne Conway did "wrong, wrong, wrong, clearly over the line, unacceptable." The Utah Republican congressman and Democratic Oversight Leader Elijah Cummings jointly asked the Office of Government Ethics to review the matter. Chaffetz also said he will write a formal letter to the White House lodging his irritation. He said White House press secretary Sean Spicer's remark Thursday that Conway has been "counseled" doesn't go far enough. "It needs to be dealt with," he said in an interview with The Associated Press. It's the first time during the young administration that Chaffetz has questioned an ethical matter. Speaking later to Utah lawmakers, Chaffetz added: "Of course I'm going to call that out. My job is not to be a cheerleader for the president." The White House said later Thursday that Trump "absolutely" continues to support Conway. In response to questions from The Associated Press, the White House said Trump didn't see Conway's interview on Fox News. But a spokeswoman said Trump "understands she was merely sticking up for a wonderful woman who she has great respect for and felt was treated unfairly." In an interview later Thursday evening on Fox, Conway declined to discuss the case but said she had spoken with Trump and "he supports me 100 percent." The ethics dustup began Wednesday with the president himself. Reacting to news that a department store had dropped his daughter's line of clothing and accessories, Trump tweeted — and retweeted from the official presidential account — that Ivanka Trump had been treated "so unfairly by @Nordstrom." Ivanka Trump does not have a specific role in the White House but moved to Washington with her husband, Jared Kushner, who is one of Trump's closest advisers. She followed her father's approach on business ties by handing over operating control of her fashion company but retaining ownership of it. In a Thursday morning interview with Fox News from the White House briefing room, Conway urged people to "go buy Ivanka's stuff," boasting that she was giving the brand "a free commercial here." While Trump and Vice President Mike Pence are not subject to ethical regulations and laws for federal employees, Conway, who is a counselor to the president, is. Among the rules: An employee shall not use his or her office "for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise." "For whatever reason, the White House staff evidently believes that they are protected from the law the same way the president and vice president are," said Stuart Gilman, a former special assistant to the director of Office of Government Ethics. He called Conway's comments "unbelievable" and said they risk wrecking the U.S.'s reputation around the world as a model for government employee ethics. Midday Thursday, the Office of Government Ethics sent a series of tweets saying the office has seen an "extraordinary" response from people emailing, calling and submitting information online about "recent events." The office advises federal employees on such issues but is not an enforcement agency; enforcement falls to Congress, the General Accounting Office, the FBI, various inspectors general and others, OGE noted on Twitter. Ultimately, it is up to Trump to punish employees for ethics infractions. It's been a rough week for Conway. Her reference to a non-existent "Bowling Green massacre" in an MSNBC appearance made her a punchline for comics and Internet pranksters. She explained that it was a slip of the tongue and that she was referring to the 2011 arrest of two Iraqi nationals in Kentucky in a failed plot to send weapons overseas to al-Qaida, but it was subsequently found that she had made that misstatement before. She also drew scrutiny from a tense interview with CNN. In addition to the House Oversight Committee, two liberal-funded government watchdog groups pounced on Conway's comments, filing ethics violation complaints with the Office of Government Ethics. A third group, the Project on Government Oversight, asked Attorney General Jeff Sessions to open a Justice Department investigation into possible ethics violations. Spicer said Wednesday that Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter" when he posted the tweet and that "he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." Ethics lawyers had a different interpretation. The implication, intended or not: Hurt my daughter's business and the Oval Office will come after you. "This is a shot across the bow to everybody who is doing business with Trump or his family," said Norman Eisen, who was President Barack Obama's chief ethics counselor. "It's warning them: Don't withdraw their business." Nordstrom reiterated Wednesday that its decision to drop Ivanka Trump's brand was based on its performance, not politics. The company said sales of her items had steadily declined over the past year, particularly in the last half of 2016, "to the point where it didn't make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now." ___ Associated Press writers Michelle Price in Salt Lake City, Catherine Lucey and Chad Day in Washington and Anne D'Innocenzio, Matthew Ott and David Bauder in New York contributed to this report. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 ARTICLE: Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Panama raids homes of law firm partners in Brazil bribe case More about General News ARTICLE: Nighttime Philippine quake kills at least 4, injures 126 New orders by Trump make law and order a key priority New orders by Trump make law and order a key priority ARTICLE: New orders by Trump make law and order a key priority ARTICLE: Trump revives voter fraud claims in lunch with senators More about Lifestyle Calvin Klein show delivers political message at Fashion Week Calvin Klein show delivers political message at Fashion Week Calvin Klein show delivers political message at Fashion Week Calvin Klein show delivers political message at Fashion Week Calvin Klein show delivers political message at Fashion Week Discuss Print Posted in Business, Elections on Thursday, February 9, 2017 6:37 pm. Updated: 7:00 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Lifestyle, Fashion, Fashion Accessories, Beauty And Fashion, Retail Industry, Retail And Wholesale, Consumer Services, Consumer Products And Services, Political Corruption, Political Issues, Government And Politics, Public Opinion, Social Affairs, Corporate Ethics, Corporate News, Apparel And Accessories Retail, Political Ethics, Social Media, Online Media, Media, Tv Dramas, Television Programs, Entertainment, Arts And Entertainment, Government Regulations, Legislature, News Industry, Media Industry, Media And Entertainment Industry | Location Tags: District Of Columbia, United States, North America, Utah Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Exterior home improvements yield high... Brandpoint (BPT) Light solutions: What to do when your... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 bathroom design trends that marry l... Brandpoint (BPT) What you should know about rising int... Brandpoint (BPT) Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes 26'x65' MFG home in 55 + park. 3 bedrooms $48,000 Updated: January 15 Sharyland Plantation near Hidalgo & Anzalduas bridges 3,133 sq. ft. Updated: 5:00 am House For Rent Avail.. for Feb. 6th, 3 Bdrm./2 Ba./1 Updated: February 08 More Homes Cars 2008 Pontiac Solstis Convertible. GXP, 33K Miles, black on black $10,988 Updated: 5:00 am 2015 Fiat 500 2 Dr Very Sporty, Must See $10,500. $10,500 Updated: 5:00 am 2005 40ft. with 4 slides 83K miles, Diesel, new batteries $30 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Exterior home improvements yield high... Brandpoint (BPT) Light solutions: What to do when your... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 bathroom design trends that marry l... Brandpoint (BPT) What you should know about rising int... Brandpoint (BPT) Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / World News Singapore Airlines buys 39 Boeing planes for $13.3B By Ed Adamczyk   |   Feb. 9, 2017 at 10:32 AM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo Feb. 9 (UPI) -- Singapore Airlines announced a $13.3 billion deal Thursday with Boeing Co. to purchase 39 new 777-9 and 787-10 wide-body planes. In a statement released Thursday, the airline said the contract calls for options for six more of each aircraft. Twenty 777-9 planes, with General Electric engines, will be delivered in the 2021-2022 financial year, and 19 787-10s with Rolls-Royce engines will be delivered in 2020-2021. Singapore Airlines already has more than 50 Boeing 777s in service. It also recently placed orders for five Airbus A380-800 and 57 Airbus A350-900 planes. Singapore Airlines subsidiaries SilkAir, Scoot and TigerAir also have orders for additional Boeing and Airbus planes. Like us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Qatar Airways 17.5-hour flight is world's longest Japan's first passenger jet delayed until 2020 Boeing inks deal for 205 planes with Indian airline SpiceJet Comments Trending 2017 SAG Awards: On the red carpet Next Article Buddhist monks protest arrival of Rohingya aid ship in Myanmar Latest Headlines Report: China arrests four Christian missionaries near North Korea border 7 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- Chinese authorities recently arrested four Christian missionaries near the North Korea border, but reasons of their arrest were not provided. Iran dials down U.S. rhetoric on anniversary of 1979 Islamic revolution 8 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- Almost exactly 38 years after Iran's U.S.-backed monarchy was toppled, Tehran on Friday celebrated the milestone with a leery eye toward President Donald Trump. Duterte targets illegal gambling in the Philippines 14 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte is cracking down on illegal gambling. Foot-and-mouth disease reported at South Korea cattle farms 14 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- Cases of foot-and-mouth disease at cattle farms in South Korea are raising concerns the country may experience an epidemic that could spread to hog farms. Police in the Netherlands find ingredients for 1 billion ecstasy pills in truck 16 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- Dutch police seized a truckload of chemicals they said would have been enough to manufacture 1 billion ecstasy pills. UPI Latest Trending Stories Mexican security helicopter guns down drug cartel members Analyst: North Korea executed, purged thousands after Jang Song Thaek killed N.C. trucker dies after fall off Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel Officials prepare emergency plan for Oroville Dam spillway with gaping hole Watch live: Donald Trump, Shinzo Abe press conference PHOTOS 2017 SAG Awards: On the red carpet Best of the Inaugural balls Protest signs at anti-Trump demonstrations Lunar New Year celebrations Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 February 2017 by Military News CleanTech Innovation Showcase Presenting Company Applications Now Open PRWeb CleanTech Alliance is now accepting applications to present at the 2017 CleanTech Innovation Showcase. Twenty-four presenting companies will be selected to receive 20 minutes at the podium to share their latest innovation, idea or initiative. Presenting company applications close March 15, 2017. Held June 26, 2017, at the Bell Harbor International Conference Center in Seattle, the CleanTech Innovation Showcase is the region’s premier one-day conference focused on technology and business innovation. Last year’s event attracted industry leaders, investors, policymakers and media from four continents to experience what lies ahead in clean technology, renewable energy and environmental sustainability. “The CleanTech Innovation Showcase truly is a celebration of cleantech innovation and ingenuity that showcases how our region’s companies and research institutions are shaping the global economy,” said J. Thomas Ranken, President and CEO of the CleanTech Alliance. “The event offers an electric atmosphere where partnerships are formed, investments are made and everyone walks away learning something new.” Past presenting companies include world-leaders like Boeing; leading research institutions like Pacific Northwest National Laboratory; emerging companies like UniEnergy Technologies; early-stage startups like Beta Hatch; and service providers like Kane Environmental. Don’t miss your opportunity to grab the spotlight. Keynote speakers, panels, interactive exhibits and the Cascadia CleanTech Accelerator Pavilion will highlight even more technologies, services and ideas. “The CleanTech Innovation Showcase offers McKinstry an opportunity to see what innovative technologies we can leverage from emerging startups and researchers,” said David Allen, Executive Vice President of McKinstry. “It’s a must attend event for our company and management team.” “The CleanTech Innovation Showcase offers an opportunity for me to network with like-minded individuals across the cleantech landscape,” said Curt Kirkeby, Technology Strategist and Fellow Electrical Engineer at Avista Utilities. “It’s a fantastic opportunity for Avista to learn about new companies and technologies that have the potential to reshape the utility market.” “The opportunity to network and make strategic business connections was really valuable,” said Tony Enslow, CEO and Founder of Imber Water Treatment. “The CleanTech Innovation Showcase allowed us to repeatedly tell our company’s value proposition to potential partners and customers, which ultimately led to some interesting pilot project opportunities.” “Presenting at last year’s CleanTech Innovation Showcase allowed Vartega to introduce our latest method for recycling carbon fiber-reinforced plastics for reuse in mass market applications,” said Andrew Maxey, President of Vartega Carbon Fiber Recycling. “It generated a lot of enthusiasm for our technology and introduced us to potential partners to grow our company.” CleanTech Innovation Showcase registration is now open. Branding opportunities are also available through several customizable sponsorship and exhibit packages. Contact Kate Kavuma at kate(at)cleantechalliance(dot)org or 206-389-7255 to build a package to meet your branding needs. About the CleanTech Alliance CleanTech Alliance represents more than 300 member companies and organizations across the greater Northwest region. Founded in 2007 by business leaders, the organization facilitates the generation and growth of cleantech companies, jobs, products and services to advance the cleantech economy. CleanTech Alliance offers a range of business services and benefits uniquely designed to help businesses gain visibility, access services at a lower cost and benefit from public policy. Learn more at http://www.CleanTechAlliance.org. Read the full story at http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14056657.htm 
PRWeb.com
 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Business, Companies, company, Economy, Industry, Markets, service, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Key Private Bank Advisors See More Millennials Initiating Family Financial Conversations, Poll Reveals Next PostNext Christie představuje koncepty budoucnosti AV na výstavě ISE 2017 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Magazine Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Magazine World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Authors Shop Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine President Trump reportedly wants to monetize space February 9, 2017 'Leftist Fight Club' teaches Florida college students how to fight Trump supporters February 10, 2017 This California woman is divorcing her husband of 22 years because he voted for Trump February 10, 2017 U.S. investigators reportedly confirm some details of Russia dossier February 10, 2017 This beautiful vintage computer makes personal desktops cool again February 10, 2017 Grammy trophy presenters to include man, transgender woman February 10, 2017 President Trump reportedly told the Senate a totally bananas lie about voter fraud February 10, 2017 Your dog is constantly judging you February 10, 2017 See More Speed Reads FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK to infinity, and beyond Edit President Trump reportedly wants to monetize space February 9, 2017   Alex Wong/Getty Images The Trump administration is reportedly considering a massive push for the U.S. space program, including a return to the moon and the "large-scale economic development of space," Politico reports. "A good part of the Trump administration would like a lot more aggressive, risk-taking, competitive entrepreneurial approach to space," explained former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. "A smaller but still powerful faction represents Boeing and the expensive old contractors who have soaked up money with minimum results." The administration is torn between "old space" like NASA, which is supported by Trump's confidant, Peter Thiel, and "new space," including private groups like Elon Musk's SpaceX and Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin. "It is a big fight," said former Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Robert Walker, who is involved in the deliberations. "There are billions of dollars at stake. It has come to a head now when it has become clear to the space community that the real innovative work is being done outside of NASA." Among Trump's possible goals, listed in internal documents obtained by Politico, is the intent to return to the moon in an "affordable" way by 2020, to create privately operated space stations, and to claim de facto properties on the moon for Americans. But the massive ambitions might not find footing in reality, Andy Aldrin, the director of the Buzz Aldrin Space Institute, told Politico. "Clearly there is a very keen interest in bringing in commercial but there is still a lot of desire to maintain programmatic continuity," Aldrin said. "At some point those two things may not be consistent. At the end of the day there is only so much money to go around." Jeva Lange   President Trump reportedly wants to monetize space February 9, 2017 Only in America Edit 'Leftist Fight Club' teaches Florida college students how to fight Trump supporters February 10, 2017   iStock A group of students at the University of Central Florida hosted a "Leftist Fight Club" event to train liberal students to defend themselves against Trump supporters and "other Alt-Right Neo-Nazis," Fox News reports. An amateur boxer was on hand to demonstrate hand-to-hand combat techniques, and the clinic was billed as open to "everyone except Republicans." Event planners specifically encouraged women to attend the event, saying the president "is a sexual predator and rapist." The university said the group that sponsored the event, called the "Knights for Socialism," is not a registered student group and is not officially affiliated with the school. The Week Staff   'Leftist Fight Club' teaches Florida college students how to fight Trump supporters February 10, 2017 Only in America Edit This California woman is divorcing her husband of 22 years because he voted for Trump February 10, 2017   ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images A California couple is divorcing after 22 years of marriage because their disagreement over President Donald Trump had become a "deal breaker." Gayle McCormick, 73, a Democrat, had not previously fought about politics with her conservative husband, but she felt "betrayed" by his decision to vote for Trump, Reuters reports. "It totally undid me that he could vote for Trump," McCormick said. A recent Reuters/Ipsos poll found that 13 percent of Americans had ended relationships over the presidential election. Some 16 percent of the 6,426 respondents said they've stopped talking to a family member or friend over the results The Week Staff   This California woman is divorcing her husband of 22 years because he voted for Trump February 10, 2017 This just in Edit U.S. investigators reportedly confirm some details of Russia dossier February 10, 2017   Mario Tama/Getty Images U.S. investigators have been able to confirm some details of the 35-page dossier claiming Russia has compromising information on President Trump, CNN reported Friday. Up until this point, investigators had been unable to verify the claims asserted in the document, which was compiled by a retired British intelligence agent and revealed to the public Jan. 10. CNN said that while the dossier's more "salacious" claims remain unverified, investigators have corroborated details about some of the communications "between senior Russian officials and other Russian individuals." The dossier includes "a dozen" conversations between foreign nationals, and investigators have been able to confirm that "some of the conversations described in the dossier took place between the same individuals on the same days and from the same locations as detailed in the dossier" after intercepting communications during "routine intelligence gathering," CNN said. Some of the individuals involved in the intercepted communications were previously found to be "heavily involved" in leaking information from Democratic organizations that proved harmful to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. CNN did not reveal specifics, including whether these latest findings are at all connected to Trump, but the confirmations have given U.S. intelligence "greater confidence" in the dossier's credibility. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer responded to CNN's request for comment combatively: "We continue to be disgusted by CNN's fake news reporting," Spicer said, echoing Trump's previous dismissals of the reports as "phony stuff." Spokespeople for various intelligence agencies declined to comment. Becca Stanek   U.S. investigators reportedly confirm some details of Russia dossier February 10, 2017 For those who have everything Edit This beautiful vintage computer makes personal desktops cool again February 10, 2017   Courtesy image Back in the day, buying a computer meant you got a circuit board and some instructions. The Volta V ($1,999) harks back to that minimalist 1970s aesthetic, when long-haired nerds had to build their own cases out of wood. Available in a fully assembled bamboo and walnut case, this "simple but elegant" desktop computer comes "packed with the latest technology," says Joshua Fruhlinger at The Wall Street Journal. That includes a high-end motherboard, graphics card, and solid-state hard drive. Like the DIY computers of yore, it has modular components that can be upgraded for years to come. Just lift the magnetized lid and swap parts as you please. The Week Staff   This beautiful vintage computer makes personal desktops cool again February 10, 2017 a first Edit Grammy trophy presenters to include man, transgender woman February 10, 2017   GABRIEL BOUYS/AFP/Getty Images Traditionally, only women have presented trophies at the Grammys, but at the 59th Grammy Awards ceremony this Sunday a man and a transgender woman will be among the presenters, Recording Academy President Neil Portnow announced Friday. "To be honest, the idea of a 'trophy girl' has felt antiquated for some time now," Portnow said in a statement. "Who wrote that rule anyway? The ability to present a trophy has nothing to do with one's gender." Portnow explained the change wasn't intended to be "provocative or buck convention," The Associated Press noted, but to recognize that "music's universal power lies in its spirit of inclusion." The three trophy handlers for the 2017 Grammys are transgender model Martina Robledo, model and actor Derek Marrocco, and model and actress Hollin Haley. The Grammys will be hosted by James Corden and air Sunday, Feb. 12 on CBS at 8 p.m. ET. There will be performances by Chance the Rapper, who is nominated for seven Grammy awards, as well as Beyoncé, Adele, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga and Metallica, and Carrie Underwood and Keith Urban. Becca Stanek   Grammy trophy presenters to include man, transgender woman February 10, 2017 palm to face Edit President Trump reportedly told the Senate a totally bananas lie about voter fraud February 10, 2017   Andrew Harrer - Pool/Getty Images President Trump reportedly spent a meeting with 10 senators on Thursday complaining about voter fraud. The gathering was intended to be a discussion about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. Politico reported that as soon as reporters exited the room, Trump began telling the group of senators how both he and former Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) — who lost her re-election bid and is now serving as a Capitol Hill liaison for Trump on Gorsuch's nomination — were victims of a rigged election. Ayotte was in the room, as was White House Counsel Don McGahn. Trump obviously won the election, but he narrowly lost New Hampshire to Hillary Clinton. He told senators Thursday that was because of the "thousands" of people "brought in on buses" from Massachusetts to "illegally vote" in New Hampshire. The room reportedly responded with an "uncomfortable silence." Trump indicated that this voter fraud, of which there is no evidence, had also affected Ayotte, though he suggested her loss might have also had something to do with her decision to distance herself from him after he criticized the parents of a Muslim Gold Star soldier. "He told her, 'You'd have won if you'd been on my train," a participant told Politico. Then, as the cherry on top of that crumbling cake, Trump told Democrats he was glad "Pocahontas" — his chosen nickname for Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) — was "becoming the face of 'your party,'" Politico reported. Trump has repeatedly claimed millions voted illegally in the presidential election, causing him to lose the popular vote to Clinton, but he has yet to produce any evidence to substantiate those claims. Becca Stanek   President Trump reportedly told the Senate a totally bananas lie about voter fraud February 10, 2017 big pupper is watching you Edit Your dog is constantly judging you February 10, 2017   It's not just your parents who want you to be nice to other people. New research by scientists at Kyoto University has found that dogs judge humans based on how they treat other people, New Scientist reports: … The researchers tested whether dogs preferred people who helped their owner. Each owner tried to open a container then presented it to one of two actors. This actor either helped or refused to do so, while the other actor was passive. Then the two actors offered the dog a reward and it chose between them. The dogs had no preference when the first actor had helped their owner, but were more likely to choose the passive actor if the first one had refused to help. [New Scientist] Dogs evolved closely alongside humans, which means they are particularly sensitive to how people act. The Kyoto study also tested monkeys, and found similar results, with the primates preferring people who acted kindly or generously. Even human morality might be evolutionary: "I think that in humans there may be this basic sensitivity towards antisocial behavior in others. Then through growing up, inculturation and teaching, it develops into a full-blown sense of morality,” said comparative psychologist James Anderson. Watch the dogs make judgments in the study below. Jeva Lange   Your dog is constantly judging you February 10, 2017 See More Speed Reads More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Saturday, Feb 11, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Business Trump vs Nordstrom: The latest bout raising ethical concerns President says retailer treated his daughter ‘so unfairly' ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on Feb. 9, 2017 | Updated 9:49 a. m. Nordstrom shares sunk after President Trump tweeted that the department store chain had treated his daughter Ivanka 'so unfairly' when it announced last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump's clothing and accessory line. ASSOCIATED PRESS Ivanka Trump, daughter of President Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York in November, 2016. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — The White House is rushing to the defense of Ivanka Trump’s company — the latest sign the president can’t seem to separate the presidency from his family’s businesses. President Donald Trump added to a string of presidential firsts on Wednesday, and drew fire from ethics lawyers, with a Twitter attack on Nordstrom. The Seattle-based retailer stoked Trump’s rage by dropping his daughter Ivanka’s clothing and accessory line. The implication, intended or not: Hurt my daughter’s business, and the Oval Office will come after you. “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom,” the president tweeted. “She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” The government-led cheerleading for Ivanka Trump’s private enterprise didn’t end there. White House counselor Kellyanne Conway, in an interview today with Fox News from the White House briefing room, encouraged people to “go buy Ivanka’s stuff.” She boasted that she was giving the brand “a free commercial here.” While Trump himself is not subject to the standards of ethical conduct for federal employees, Conway is. Among the rules: An employee shall not use his or her office “for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise.” Ivanka Trump does not have a specific role in the White House but moved to Washington with her husband, who is one of Trump’s closest advisers. She followed her father’s approach on business ties by handing over operating control of her fashion company but retaining ownership of it. Though Trump has tweeted about companies such as Boeing, Carrier and General Motors, ethics experts say this time was different. It involved his daughter’s business, which raises conflict-of-interest concerns. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump was responding to an “attack on his daughter” when he posted the tweet and that “he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success.” The Ivanka Trump flare-up follows revelations that first lady Melania Trump expected to develop “multi-million dollar business relationships” tied to her presence in the White House, according to a lawsuit she filed on Monday. Ethics experts have criticized Trump’s plan to separate himself from his sprawling real estate business by handing managerial control to his two adult sons. The experts want him to sell his company. Most modern presidents have sold their financial holdings and put the cash raised in a blind trust whose investments remained unknown to them. Kathleen Clark, a government ethics expert, said the Nordstrom tweet is problematic because other retailers may think twice now about dropping the Ivanka Trump brand for fear of getting criticized publicly by the president. She said it was especially disturbing that Trump retweeted his message on the official White House account. “The implicit threat was that he will use whatever authority he has to retaliate against Nordstrom, or anyone who crosses his interest,” said Clark, a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis. Clark defended the president’s right to use his personal Twitter account to express his views, however. She noted that government workers recently set up alt-EPA accounts to criticize the president’s policies. “A government employee, even a president, is allowed to tweet in his personal capacity.” One of the president’s fiercest ethics critics, Norman Eisen, described the tweet differently — a “bullying” tactic beneath the dignity of the president’s office. “This is a shot across the bow to everybody who is doing business with Trump or his family,” said Eisen, who was President Barack Obama’s chief ethics counselor. “It’s warning them: Don’t withdraw their business.” Eisen joined with other legal scholars and lawyers to sue the president last month for allegedly violating a clause in the Constitution that prohibits government officials from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments. Though other legal scholars disagree, Eisen said such payments include foreign diplomats staying at Trump’s new Washington D.C. hotel and holding events there and at the other Trump venues. Trump and his top aides have repeatedly said that Americans do not care about what Eisen and other ethics critics say. “Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world,” Trump wrote on Twitter Nov. 21.   Two surveys released in January show that’s not entirely the case. A Quinnipiac University poll found that about 60 percent of registered voters were at least somewhat concerned that the president would “veto a law that would be good for the country because it would hurt his business interests.” And a Pew Research Center poll found that 57 percent of American adults were at least somewhat concerned that Trump’s businesses could “conflict with his ability to serve the country’s best interests.” Yet Trump seems to have calculated that his base of supporters forgives — and maybe even encourages — his protective bluster about his family businesses. Nordstrom reiterated Wednesday that its decision was based on the brand’s performance, not politics. The company said sales of Ivanka Trump items had steadily declined over the past year, particularly in the last half of 2016, “to the point where it didn’t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now.” Retailers drop brands all the time because of poor performance, said brand consultant Allen Adamson. But given a highly charged political environment, perception is reality for loyal Trump fans. “It is clearly hard for Nordstrom to tell the story that it is dropping (the brand) for business reasons,” said Adamson, founder of the firm Brand Simple. Associated Press writers Julie Bykowicz and Catherine Lucey in Washington, D.C., and Matthew Ott in New York contributed to this report. Related Items United States government , District of Columbia , united states , north america , Barack Obama , Melania Trump , Sean Spicer , Ivanka Trump , Kellyanne Conway , Donald Trump Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports High School Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors NY Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu High School Home Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Ice Hockey Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Girls Gymnastics Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Field Hockey Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Boys Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Subscribe to our YouTube channel Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Trump attack on Nordstrom over daughter's clothing line raises ethical concerns Ivanka Trump In this Nov. 11, 2016 file photo, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York. (Evan Vucci | AP) Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press Follow on Twitter on February 09, 2017 at 7:12 AM, updated February 09, 2017 at 7:16 AM comments NEW YORK (AP) -- Donald Trump just can't seem to separate the presidency from his family's businesses. Whereas other presidents took pains to avoid even the appearance of using their office for private gain, Trump is pushing the limits. He met with Indian business partners before his inauguration, and decided to hold on to his company, while expanding his hotel brand. On Wednesday, he added to a string of presidential firsts, and drew fire from ethics lawyers, with a Twitter attack on Nordstrom. The Seattle-based retailer earned Trump's ire by dropping his daughter Ivanka's clothing and accessory line. The implication, intended or not: Hurt my daughter's business and the Oval Office will come after you. "My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom," the president tweeted. "She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" Posted first on his personal account, it was re-tweeted more than 6,000 times in less than an hour. It was also retweeted by the official @POTUS account. Though Trump has tweeted about companies such as Boeing, Carrier and General Motors, ethics experts say this time was different: It involved a business run by his daughter, which raises conflict-of-interest concerns. Trump's tweet follows revelations that First Lady Melania Trump expected to develop "multi-million dollar business relationships" tied to her presence in the White House, according to a suit she filed on Monday. Ethics experts have criticized Trump's plan to separate himself from his sprawling real estate business by handing managerial control to his two adult sons. The experts want him to sell his company. Most modern presidents have sold their financial holdings and put the cash raised in a blind trust whose investments remained unknown to them. Kathleen Clark, a government ethics expert, said the Nordstrom tweet is problematic because other retailers may think twice now about dropping the Ivanka Trump brand for fear of getting criticized publicly by the president. She said it was especially disturbing that Trump retweeted his message on the official White House account. "The implicit threat was that he will use whatever authority he has to retaliate against Nordstrom, or anyone who crosses his interest," said Clark, a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis. Clark defended the president's right to use his personal Twitter account to express his views, however. She noted that government workers recently set up alt-EPA accounts to criticize the president's policies. "A government employee, even a president, is allowed to tweet in his personal capacity." White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter" when he posted the tweet and that "he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." One of the president's fiercest ethics critics, Norman Eisen, described the tweet differently -- a "bullying" tactic beneath the dignity of the president's office. "This is a shot across the bow to everybody who is doing business with Trump or his family," said Eisen, who was President Barack Obama's chief ethics counselor. "It's warning them: Don't withdraw their business." Eisen joined with other legal scholars and lawyers to sue the president last month for allegedly violating a clause in the Constitution that prohibits government officials from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments. Though other legal scholars disagree, Eisen said such payments include foreign diplomats staying at Trump's new Washington D.C. hotel and holding events there and at the other Trump venues. Trump and his top aides have repeatedly said that Americans do not care about what Eisen and other ethics critics say. "Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world," Trump wrote on Twitter Nov. 21. Two surveys released in January show that's not entirely the case. A Quinnipiac University poll found that about 60 percent of registered voters were at least somewhat concerned that the president would "veto a law that would be good for the country because it would hurt his business interests." And a Pew Research Center poll found that 57 percent of American adults were at least somewhat concerned that Trump's businesses could "conflict with his ability to serve the country's best interests." Yet Trump seems to have calculated that his base of supporters forgives -- and maybe even encourages -- his protective bluster about his family businesses. Nordstrom reiterated Wednesday that its decision was based on the brand's performance, not politics. The company said sales of Ivanka Trump items had steadily declined over the past year, particularly in the last half of 2016, "to the point where it didn't make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now." Retailers drop brands all the time because of poor performance, said brand consultant Allen Adamson. But given a highly charged political environment, perception is reality for loyal Trump fans. "It is clearly hard for Nordstrom to tell the story that it is dropping (the brand) for business reasons," said Adamson, founder of the firm Brand Simple. More Politics & Elections News from the Washington Bureau Government & Politics Videos Editorials & Opinion Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Submit letter, commentary Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / CleanTech Innovation Showcase Presenting Company Applications Now Open CleanTech Innovation Showcase Presenting Company Applications Now Open Posted on February 9, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Spotlight your innovation or initiative at the CleanTech Innovation Showcase, the region’s premier cleantech innovation event. SEATTLE (PRWEB) February 09, 2017 CleanTech Alliance is now accepting applications to present at the 2017 CleanTech Innovation Showcase. Twenty-four presenting companies will be selected to receive 20 minutes at the podium to share their latest innovation, idea or initiative. Presenting company applications close March 15, 2017. CleanTech Innovation Showcase Presenting Company Application Held June 26, 2017, at the Bell Harbor International Conference Center in Seattle, the CleanTech Innovation Showcase is the region’s premier one-day conference focused on technology and business innovation. Last year's event attracted industry leaders, investors, policymakers and media from four continents to experience what lies ahead in clean technology, renewable energy and environmental sustainability. “The CleanTech Innovation Showcase truly is a celebration of cleantech innovation and ingenuity that showcases how our region’s companies and research institutions are shaping the global economy,” said J. Thomas Ranken, President and CEO of the CleanTech Alliance. “The event offers an electric atmosphere where partnerships are formed, investments are made and everyone walks away learning something new.” Past presenting companies include world-leaders like Boeing; leading research institutions like Pacific Northwest National Laboratory; emerging companies like UniEnergy Technologies; early-stage startups like Beta Hatch; and service providers like Kane Environmental. Don’t miss your opportunity to grab the spotlight. Keynote speakers, panels, interactive exhibits and the Cascadia CleanTech Accelerator Pavilion will highlight even more technologies, services and ideas. “The CleanTech Innovation Showcase offers McKinstry an opportunity to see what innovative technologies we can leverage from emerging startups and researchers,” said David Allen, Executive Vice President of McKinstry. “It’s a must attend event for our company and management team.” “The CleanTech Innovation Showcase offers an opportunity for me to network with like-minded individuals across the cleantech landscape,” said Curt Kirkeby, Technology Strategist and Fellow Electrical Engineer at Avista Utilities. “It’s a fantastic opportunity for Avista to learn about new companies and technologies that have the potential to reshape the utility market.” “The opportunity to network and make strategic business connections was really valuable,” said Tony Enslow, CEO and Founder of Imber Water Treatment. “The CleanTech Innovation Showcase allowed us to repeatedly tell our company’s value proposition to potential partners and customers, which ultimately led to some interesting pilot project opportunities.” “Presenting at last year's CleanTech Innovation Showcase allowed Vartega to introduce our latest method for recycling carbon fiber-reinforced plastics for reuse in mass market applications,” said Andrew Maxey, President of Vartega Carbon Fiber Recycling. “It generated a lot of enthusiasm for our technology and introduced us to potential partners to grow our company.” CleanTech Innovation Showcase registration is now open. Branding opportunities are also available through several customizable sponsorship and exhibit packages. Contact Kate Kavuma at kate(at)cleantechalliance(dot)org or 206-389-7255 to build a package to meet your branding needs. About the CleanTech Alliance CleanTech Alliance represents more than 300 member companies and organizations across the greater Northwest region. Founded in 2007 by business leaders, the organization facilitates the generation and growth of cleantech companies, jobs, products and services to advance the cleantech economy. CleanTech Alliance offers a range of business services and benefits uniquely designed to help businesses gain visibility, access services at a lower cost and benefit from public policy. Learn more at http://www.CleanTechAlliance.org. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14056657.htm Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
