Home Archives Ed Morrissey Show Newsletters   Boeing isn’t a story of jobs disappearing. They’re just moving to South Carolina posted at 1:01 pm on March 4, 2017 by Jazz Shaw Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES Aerospace giant Boeing is back in the news again, though not for the sort of thing they would generally like to see. The company announced this week through union representatives that roughly 1800 people would be losing their jobs. The layoffs are taking the form of “buyouts” which include a few generous incentives on their way out the door at the company’s facilities in Washington state. (UPI) More than 1,800 unionized employees of Boeing will leave the company through voluntary buyouts, two unions announced. Personnel cuts in Boeing’s commercial aircraft division, where the formerly Seattle-based company has about half of its 75,000 employees, were announced in December. The International Association of Machinists, which represents workers in Washington State, said about 1,500 of its members will accept the offered buyouts, which include a week of severance pay for every year of service and six months of medical coverage. The Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace, representing engineers and aircraft inspectors, said 305 members will also accept buyouts, involving the same severance pay but only three months of medical coverage. This is certainly bad news for the workers and their families, not to mention the community in general. But it’s hard to ignore the almost gleeful tone being taken by some journalists since any bad news on the jobs front is big news now that Donald Trump is in office. The linked article even manages to close with a quote from the President earlier this year, saying that “American industry is roaring back,” and jobs is one of the big reasons for his victory. Of course, there’s another aspect of the story which is receiving little to no mention. That quote from Donald Trump was not delivered in Washington state. It came from remarks he made in South Carolina where Boeing also has quite a bit of activity taking place, but it doesn’t involve workers being laid off. It’s a story of thousands of new hires and new models of planes rolling off the production line while workers reject membership in the same unions making this week’s announcement. (Fox News) Nearly three-quarters of eligible production workers at Boeing’s South Carolina plant voted Wednesday not to join the International Association of Machinists in a major setback for organized labor. The Post & Courier newspaper reported that 2,097 of 2,828 voting workers — 74.2 percent — cast ballots against unionization. Under NLRB rules, workers must wait a year before another union vote. In a statement, Machinists organizer Mike Evans said the union was disappointed with the vote but vowed to stay in close touch with Boeing workers to figure out next steps. So 1800 workers in Washington are finding themselves unemployed. At the same time, more than 3000 people in the Palmetto State have gone to work, begun training and started pumping new life into the economy. So why aren’t the two unions in Washington who are making this doleful announcement talking about that story? I’m just taking a shot in the dark here, but it might be because South Carolina is a right to work state and the union has already been roundly rejected by the workers there who want to see the business grow and not kill the new goose which is suddenly laying a considerable quantity of golden eggs. Boeing is not crashing and burning, nor is the economy collapsing. What we’re seeing is a rebalancing of resources where employers are going to places where there is an available pool of skilled labor and they can simultaneously keep labor costs under control to remain competitive in a challenging global market. Much like everything else in our capitalist system, such transitions produce winners and losers. Unfortunately for the employees of Boeing, their unions have opened the door to the “loser” side of the equation hitting the folks in Washington state while the benefits accrue to the citizens of South Carolina. Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES Tags: airplane, Boeing, jobs, South Carolina, unions, Washington Related Posts: Will Congress finally at least scale back “official time” for government worker unions? South Carolina Boeing workers reject unionization bid Disappointment: Trump rumored to be preparing to resurrect the Ex-Im Bank Breaking on Hot Air “Walking Dead” grumble thread: Let’s talk about that sword toss Unfriendly skies: Iran, North Korea test missile systems over the weekend Democratic professor caught in student protest: ‘I feared for my life’ Blowback   “Walking Dead” grumble thread: Let’s talk about that sword toss Unfriendly skies: Iran, North Korea test missile systems over the weekend Democratic professor caught in student protest: ‘I feared for my life’ Report: Trump putting potential diplomatic deal with Russia on the back burner US to Israel: Not so fast on the one-state solution Join Ed and Allahpundit on Facebook! Hot Links Right Channels Ace of Spades HQ Allergic2Bull Andrew Malcolm BigGovernment.com Daily Caller Defining Ideas Doug Powers Doug Ross @ Journal Election Results ElectionProjection Evan Coyne Maloney Fausta's Blog Jeff Dunetz La Shawn Barber’s Corner Le·gal In·sur·rec·tion Liberty Unyielding Mark Steyn Matt Lewis Michelle Malkin Newsbusters NRA News Patterico Poll Tracker Power Line Pundit & Pundette Real Clear Politics Ricochet Right Wing News Salena Zito Second Amendment The Other McCain The Shark Tank The Sundries Shack Tip Sheet Blog Townhall U.S. Constitution Left Channels BloggingHeads TV War on Terror Blogging the Qur’an Counterterrorism Blog Jihad Watch MEMRI TV Michael Yon NEFA Foundation Zombie Audio podcasters Ashbrook podcasts Blogtalkradio Instapundit Cartoons/Satire Conservative eCards Day by Day Mallard Fillmore Michael Ramirez Cartoons Political Cartoons Entertainment Happy Slip John Hanlon Reviews Industry/Internet TV Ed Driscoll Johnny Dollar Popehat Roger L. Simon Hangouts Drudge Report Linkiest Lucianne Memeorandum Twitchy Talkers Hugh Hewitt KFI – Los Angeles Kirby Wilbur Lars Larson Laura Ingraham Mark Levin Michael Graham Michael Smerconish Mike Gallagher Radio Vice Online Roger Hedgecock Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Tammy Bruce Tony Katz Hot Air Affiliates Brian Maloney Going Red Investigative Project Jawa Report Suitably Flip Feeds  Subscribe in a reader Recent Tags Donald Trump trump Russia Jeff Sessions Federal Bureau of Investigation Barack Obama speech ObamaCare wiretap kellyanne conway travel ban mattis Obama Chuck Schumer recusal White House house Hillary Clinton GOP wiretapping Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Nancy Pelosi Paul Ryan Yemen president trump amusement park grumble guns michonne rick sword thread toss Walking Dead zombies China Iran Iran deal Japan missiles North Korea South Korea THAAD Allison Stanger charles murray middlebury protest comey diplomacy flynn © 2006-2017 Hot Air | Designed by The Blog Studio | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | About | Advertise | Mobile Site
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health VT Cancer Foundation Forum RSS Feed Newsletter Sign-Up Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT LIve & Net Radio YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Government & Politics Civil Liberties & Freedom Corruption Democracy & Elections Foreign Policy Legislation Veterans Administration (VA) History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Food, Wine & Travel Charities, Giving & Foundations Economy & Business Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) PTSD Heroes Of Interest Education Environment Humor Peace, Causes & Activism Religion Veteran Service Organizations (VSO's) Media Military WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Business Directory Editorial Board-Staff Books Custom Weapons Apps Polls Job Center Contact Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search Have we forgotten we have an accused child rapist in the White House? Manbij: Turkey Asks Russia and US to “Attack their own allies…and themselves” Guardian: President Donald Trump is the most powerful cornered animal in the world Trump signs new executive order on immigration Syrian troops attacking east to capture water treatment plant on Lake Assad Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason NEO – Welcome to Dubai and Globalist Insanity 2017 Syrian War Report – March 6, 2017: Govt Troops Rapidly Advancing In Aleppo Province ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. View Latest Posts >>> Must Read: China Prepares To Expand Its Sphere Of Influence By South Front on March 4, 2017 China Expands Its Strategic Airlift Capability, …from SouthFront Although combat aircraft such as the J-31 stealth fighter and J-15 aircraft carrier strike aircraft have made most of the headlines, China has made significant accomplishments in the realm of military transport, long range maritime patrol and carrier borne AEW&C aircraft over the past year. First operational in 2016, the Y-20 military transport is now the largest such aircraft in production in the world. Roughly the size of the Boeing C-17 Globemaster, the Y-20 is a crucial component in China’s growing ability to expand its strategic power projection capabilities. After initially expressing a need for 400 of these aircraft, the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) later stated that this number was revised to 1000. AVIC began production of the AG600 seaplane in July of 2016. The AG600 is a large flying boat, capable of landing and taking off on water, or on land-based airstrips, as it has a conventional, retractable tricycle landing gear. It is similar in size to a Boeing 737 or Airbus 320 airliner, and the largest seaplane currently in production anywhere in the world. The stated role of the aircraft is search and rescue, firefighting and humanitarian relief; however, it may also be slated to supplement the Harbin SH-5 in long range anti-submarine warfare (ASW) patrols and aerial reconnaissance. When the Liaoning CV-16 was commissioned into service with the PLA Navy (PLAN) in 2012, its reliance on Z-18J airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) helicopters was immediately identified as a weakness. The ski-jump STOBAR operation of the Liaoning and second aircraft carrier currently under construction, cannot support the operation of a large, fixed wing AEW&C aircraft. CATOBAR operations, utilizing a steam or electromagnetic catapult are required to aid such large and heavy aircraft in taking off from aircraft carriers. Further evidence that China plans on building a third aircraft carrier that allows for CATOBAR operations are the discovery of what appears to be a fixed wing AEW&C aircraft, similar in appearance to the U.S. Navy’s Northrop Grumman E-2 Hawkeye, at the Wuhan testing facility. Whether this aircraft is a prototype or a mock-up is not yet known. The large scale production of the Y-20 is a significant achievement of China’s state owned aviation industry, and forecasts China’s growing desire for a robust strategic airlift capability. Not only can the Y-20 transport a large amount of cargo or troops over a great distance, but it can even transport main battle tanks and other armored vehicles. With a maximum payload weight of 73 short tons, the Y-20 can transport the PLA’s most modern Type 99A or Type 96 MBTs, and any IFVs and APCs now in service. The aircraft has a maximum range exceeding 10,000 km (6,200 miles), and can carry a reduced payload of 40 short tons a range of 7,800 km. (4,850 miles). Range with the maximum payload of 73 short tons is approximately 4,500 km. (2,800 miles). Very similar in design, dimensions and appearance to the Boeing C-17 Globemaster and Ilyushin IL-76, the Y-20 was built to fill the roles of strategic airlift, paratroop transport, and heavy airdrop missions. It is slightly larger than the IL-76, yet smaller that a C-17. With the C-17 no longer being produced by Boeing, having halted production in 2015, the Y-20 is now the largest military transport aircraft currently in production. As China makes a concerted effort to secure its strategic interests both close to home, and as far away as the Horn of Africa, a viable strategic airlift capability is seen as essential. With a reported short takeoff ability of 700 meters, the Y-20 can supply troops and supplies to any of China’s island outposts in the South China Sea that have an airstrip, such as Woody Island, Fiery Cross Reef, Mischief Reef or Subi Reef. Any military operations in response to territorial incursions on the part of other claimants to disputed territories in the region that required invading and occupying land would greatly depend on sufficient strategic airlift support. With tensions between China and the Philippines significantly lessened with the new Duterte administration, and cordial relations with Malaysia and Brunei, the likelihood of such a scenario has greatly reduced since last summer. The aircraft can also greatly aid the PLA in maintaining the new military base at Doraleh, Djibouti. The new military base is located just eight miles from Camp Lemonnier, the largest U.S. military facility on the continent of Africa, and will serve as a logistics base capable of supporting Chinese maritime interests in the Indian Ocean, The Mediterranean and the Persian Gulf. The Japanese Self Defense Forces also operate a small logistics support center adjacent to Camp Lemonnier, and will apparently be expanding this facility in response the Chinese project. The question of Taiwan, and any future attempt to retake it by force of arms, would require a massive amphibious and airlift commitment. China lacks both at present, but as Southfront has diligently documented recently, the PLA and PLAN have greatly expanded and modernized their amphibious warfare capabilities. Any invasion of Taiwan would require not only a sizeable amphibious armada, but a substantial strategic airlift effort. The acquisition of up to a thousand Y-20s goes a long way towards building the nucleus of such a force.The development of the AG600 maritime aircraft is a case study that clearly confirms the growth of China’s aviation industry. Developed by AVIC as an amphibian aircraft meant to serve a host of civilian and military duties, although AVIC is downplaying any military role for the plane, it was designed and built in roughly two years. The Harbin SH-5, which the AG600 will replace, took a fledgling Chinese aviation industry nearly 15 years to design and produce, and only a since production run yielding 6 aircraft was the result. AVIC has received orders for 17 aircraft so far, all for the domestic market. Although the aircraft can accommodate 50 passengers, no commercial airlines have expressed interest in the design so far. It is more likely that the AG600 will be utilized by the PLAN as a long range maritime patrol aircraft. With much in common with the ShinMaywa US-2 seaplane utilized by the Japanese Maritime Self Defense forces (JMSDF), the AG600 will fill a similar role in the PLAN. The US-2 currently operates as an air-sea rescue (SAR) and maritime patrol/surveillance aircraft. It is also quite likely that the AG600 will be further developed into an anti-submarine (ASW) patrol aircraft like its predecessor the Harbin SH-5. As China strengthens its position in the South China Sea and continues to develop the defense infrastructure on a number of man-made islands, a long range SAR aircraft will be a great asset is support of PLAN and PLAAF air patrols operated from these islands. The AG-600 is equipped with retractable landing gear, and can operate from an airfield as well as from water. The reported maximum range of the AG600 is approximately 4,500 km. (2,800 miles). After decades of investing in its indigenous aviation industry, one with humble beginnings, and learning as much as possible from both Russian and U.S. aircraft design, the nation has achieved the ability to develop a real strategic airlift capability. Although still reliant on Russian aircraft  engine production to a large degree in its most modern aircraft, Chinese analogs of many other Russian designs have definitely afforded the Chinese aviation industry greater independence. The maturity of this industry in just the last decade has impressed its peers in both Russia and various Western nations. The resources and funding allocated to acquiring strategic airlift on the level expressed in official government press briefings and reported by state run media in China all communicate an obvious desire to expand the ability to both project power and respond strategically to challenges to Chinese national interests on a global scale. China is rapidly breaking free from its regional power status, and will continue to gain greater influence in global economic, political, and military spheres. China may communicate its peaceful intentions through diplomatic channels; however, it is sending a quite different message in real terms as it continues to develop and fortify its position in the South China Sea and the Horn of Africa. China is wisely seeking to protect the vital trade lanes that are its very life blood. The economic benefit from this trade has enriched the nation and helped to bring it out of an era of stagnation and subjugation to outside interests. China is once again rising to a level of global influence and importance that it has enjoyed for the overwhelming majority of its more than 5,000 years of history. It is crucial to note that over the vast majority of that same history, China has largely adopted a strategically defensive military posture, very rarely engaging in military campaigns of expansion against its neighbors. By further solidifying its position in the South China Sea, China is wisely occupying the “central position” as part of a larger defensive strategy to protect the vital trade lanes and resources that will ensure its continued prosperity. One thing is clear, China is developing the military means to defend its position as a world power and is sending a clear message to its peers that it will no longer subordinate its own national interests to those of others, regardless of their global power status. A viable aircraft carrier force and a large strategic air lift capability send a clear message to the United States and Japan, that China is determined and quite capable of securing and defending its national interests on a global scale. This increasingly assertive posture need not lead to military conflict; however, an even more assertive United States has already bristled at the possibility of relinquishing any amount of control over what it sees as its sole, global sphere of influence. Related Posts: Trump’s Nuclear Doctrine May Involve China in Strategic Arms Reduction ISIS expands the influence in Libya SouthFront: China expands security reach in Central Asia Trump Tells AIPAC: I’m Not Here to Pander–and Then Proceeds to Pander Trump’s Nationalism facilitating China’s rise to Global Leadership The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on March 4, 2017, With 1550 Reads Filed under Military. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 4 Responses to "Must Read: China Prepares To Expand Its Sphere Of Influence" wjabbe  March 5, 2017 at 5:02 pm China has many intelligent and industrious people. They have an aptitude for mathematics, physics, chemistry, science and engineering. A few years ago they constructed a 30 story hotel in two weeks! I had a friend many years ago at Berkeley Sheng Ma. He brought pirated copies of many of our textbooks but when most of us finished our undergraduate degrees he had taken all the advanced graduate level physics and most mathematics courses as well. He quickly became a professor of physics in the UC system. Unfortunately he died of cancer. He was a wonderful kind human being. He lived at the co op where I lived Oxford Hall where everyone worked 5 hours per week to keep costs down. I was manager in my last semester. Sheng was a genius level student. Americans must wake up and stop treating some of these other great countries with contempt. One of these days we are going to be taught a hard rude lesson. There are now many populations of the world better than we are. Log in to Reply wjabbe  March 6, 2017 at 10:02 am http://library.ucsd.edu/speccoll/findingaids/mss0100.html Quote from above link: “General correspondence contains Ma’s letters to and from researchers and visiting professors he sponsored, colleagues at other universities, and the administrators of his department. In addition, this subseries includes Ma’s letters to editors and publishers of scientific journals in his capacity as a referee. Also included are Ma’s recommendation of Bernd Matthias for a Nobel Prize in physics and a letter to Ma’s congressman protesting the violation of human rights in Israel.” This quote shows he was not just a top theoretical physicist working in the ivory tower of statistical mechanics, but also had the courage to speak up about human rights issues. He evidently started out as a research associate for Bruckner at UC San Diego in 1966, promoted to tenure position Associate Professor about 1971 and full professor in 1975. He tragically died in 1983 of lung cancer. His name was spelled Shang-keng Ma. Mr. Jang  March 5, 2017 at 12:13 am just had a week in Beijing, Shanghai and Hong Kong, Dr. Only one word to describe it: Wow. I think I might just have witnessed the future. The purchasing power alone. Not difficult to project that into future ‘defense’ capabilities coming down the pipe The sooner the Koreans and Japanese ditch the American dead-weight firmly ensconced in their ‘sphere (literally, given the size of some o’ these guys and their dependents – that right there’s a whole lot of calories – and bored dudes) and start talking/trading more with Papa Beijing, the better for them. It is just so effing obvious that that way forward is the future for them. (Could that be why Park was ditched and Moon had his ass kicked back to New York after barely a scratch n’ sniff, I wonder? The next few months, and the THAAD decision – yay or nay, will soon reveal all.) Log in to Reply Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta  March 4, 2017 at 3:55 pm Please view the above “Must Watch” video in conjunction with today’s VT “Intel Drop.” Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments Have we forgotten we have an accused child rapist in the White House? Manbij: Turkey Asks Russia and US to “Attack their own allies…and themselves” Guardian: President Donald Trump is the most powerful cornered animal in the world Trump signs new executive order on immigration Syrian troops attacking east to capture water treatment plant on Lake Assad Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason NEO – Welcome to Dubai and Globalist Insanity 2017 Syrian War Report – March 6, 2017: Govt Troops Rapidly Advancing In Aleppo Province Bitter Harvest: Stalin’s genocidal famine on the big screen? Democrats and Pizzagate? The Debate – 2017 French Presidential Election Trump accuses Obama of wiretapping his tower A Dose of Very Nasty Truth: Trump Clears Rearming Al Qaeda in Yemen, US Troops to Train Terrorists Manbij: Turkey-Led Euphrates Shield Suffers Heavy Casualties in Failed Attack on US/SDF Positions “False flag” just entered mainstream vocabulary – THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING VT Syria: Trump looks for a share in Syria after Aleppo and Palmyra liberation False Flag: Assad has used chemical weapons again Guardian: ‘Gun for hire’: how Jeff Sessions used his prosecuting power to target Democrats Maria Zakharova to CNN reporter: “stop spreading lies and fake news” Intel Drop: Trump Blunders in Korea and Syria are Not Survivable Babylonian Endgame – Hell on Earth (9282) Exclusive: Russia Issues Ultimatum to Turkey (8995) The Rothschilds Own John McCain (7029) Intel Drop: Trump Blunders in Korea and Syria are Not Survivable (4902) The Khazarian Cabal still cannot forgive Mel Gibson (4243) Democrats and Pizzagate? (3756) Video of Israel’s Secret Nuclear Program by Arab Media Causes Panic (2994) Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason (2944) Breaking: Attorney General Sessions Met with Russians, Lied Under Oath…”Lock Him Up!” (2907) The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) (2872) Amelius: Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason Garry Compton: Blockbuster: Russiagate II, The Saga of Treason Well Aware: Bitter Harvest: Stalin’s genocidal famine on the big screen? David Odell: Guardian: President Donald Trump is the most powerful cornered animal in the world PQ: The Khazarian Cabal still cannot forgive Mel Gibson David Odell: Have we forgotten we have an accused child rapist in the White House? Poppadop: Trump accuses Obama of wiretapping his tower Roger scott: NEO – So Much More Than Nukes Aftab shah: Democrats and Pizzagate? VT Readers Poll Is it acceptable for foreign government to intervene and participate in the Election of a U.S. President? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive VT Radio Shows PUNISH RADIO with Johnny Punish SHORT END OF THE STICK with Mike Harris TCK RADIO with Eric Gajewski TRUTH JIHAD with Kevin Barrett Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja Camillo Mac Bica,.. Denis G. Rancourt Dr. Ashraf Ezzat Ed Mattson F. William Engdahl Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Kevin Barrett Michael Chester Michael Shrimpton Nahed Al-Husaini Press TV Preston James, Ph.D South Front Stuart Littlewood Personal Finance View all Mountain of mortgage paperwork wears down borrowers Mountain of mortgage paperwork wears down borrowers Sound Money Is Rising at the State Level Home loan sweeteners disappear National News View all D-Day veterans delight as fallen comrades finally get proper memorial D-Day veterans delight as fallen comrades finally get proper memorial Head of state veterans home at King reassigned amid turmoil Dreams for Veterans Fulfills U.S. Marine Corps Reservist Final Dream Foundation News View all Meet Veterans Today Cancer Foundation Executive Director Jacquie Salinas Meet Veterans Today Cancer Foundation Executive Director Jacquie Salinas Cancer Care for Our Veterans VA Research on Cancer Career News View all Stand Down helps veterans Stand Down helps veterans Faulconer’s Homeless Veterans Program Quietly Misses Deadline New bill could help veterans impacted by ITT shutdown Network News View all VT Pro-Trump or Anti-Trump? VT Pro-Trump or Anti-Trump? Esteemed mental health author SJ Hart joins Veterans Today News team VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN   Listen Live Radio TV Video Royal Road of the Cross: On the Advantages of Tribulations Mass Graves in Ireland and the Roots of Genocide Mike Harris: Nahed Al Housaini and Dr. Bassam Baraka in Syria with an update Speaking Truth to Empire discusses strategic nonviolent intervention in lethal conflict areas Do You Really Wanna Build A Wall? NFL Star Refuses to Go to Israel TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH From Veterans Today Network Trump Opens McCains Treasonous Can of Worms NEO – Has Trump Been Secretly Stripped of His Presidency? Breaking: How the Trump regime was manufactured by a war inside the Deep State (Update!) The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Exclusive: Trump, Netanyahu Used Flynn to “Catfish” Putin Babylonian Endgame – Hell on Earth Exclusive: Russia Issues Ultimatum to Turkey Pravda: First Lady Melania Trump lost in America Top 5 Most Racist Countries in the World The Zionist-Christian Alliance and the Great Deception Marine Prayer Request for Darkhorse not what it seems Russia calls for elimination of New World Order Busted: Trump Sends Secret FBI Task Force to Stage False Flag, Blame Vets at Standing Rock VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble The Fall of David Bowie Israel gets caught trying to create World War III—again The Rothschilds Own John McCain NEO – America’s Civil War has begun with Balkanization to follow Part III: Abuse of American Men and castration of Mind and Heart JOHN MCCAIN: AID AND COMFORT Angelina Jolie is scared to expose pedophiles in Hollywood The Industry Killed Prince “You think our country’s so innocent?” USA stole MH-370 and killed the passengers Kabbalah or Jewish magic is at the core of the New World Order Trump right about Hanoi John McCain 22 Billion Dollars found: Photos of a Mexican drug lord’s home after being raided Breaking: The Idiot Can’t Even Read Raping German Women and Children as a Form of Revenge After WWII (Part I) Jacob Rothschild is Guilty for the Conspiracy Against Humankind U.S. Representative Maxine Walters: Russia is invading Korea! Down Here on the Farm (Part II) 35 Things the Ruling Cabal Does Not Want You to Know BREAKING EXCLUSIVE: Trump wants Zionist Mercenary Kapo to Control All US Security and Intel Functions Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) Intel Drop: Trump Blunders in Korea and Syria are Not Survivable Qatari princess having sex with seven men Hellstorm: The Rape and Mass Murder of German Women after WWII GAMMA RADIATION REPORT: YRTW SOL No 3 and 4 Over 4,000 people came to this breakthrough 9/11 truth event! The Khazarian Cabal still cannot forgive Mel Gibson Sandy Hook Hoax: How we know it didn’t happen Steve Bannon is preparing Trump for a holy war Trump and Bannon’s Yemen Disaster and Shame, Hiding Behind the Dead Breaking: Trump and Netanyahu: 6 Million to Be Transported to “Safe Zones” Pravda: Trump: Sit down, shut up and listen! Gen. McMaster is right! There is no “radical Islamic terrorism” “Anti-Semitism” Is Morally and Intellectually Imploding CIA Head, Pompeo Leaked Fake “All Clear” to Media in Russiagate Coverup Democrats and Pizzagate? The Roots of Trump, Violence Won’t Be Enough (video) Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video VT Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Policy | Job Board | Job News | Money | Forums | Net Radio | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Veterans Today Cancer Foundation | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Speaking of Dividends A Test of Payout Health Free cash flow and earnings growth are important criteria of strong payout providers. But don’t ignore credit ratings. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography March 4, 2017 When it comes to assessing the health of a company’s dividend, strong free cash flow and earnings growth are often cited as key clues. Another important one that can get overlooked is a company’s credit rating. “What you want is a margin of safety,” says Scott Davis, portfolio co-manager of the Columbia Dividend Income fund (ticker: LBSAX). “The... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site 3 years on, MH370 next-of-kin launch campaign to start new search News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Asia Pacific 3 years on, MH370 next-of-kin launch campaign to start new search When asked about this private search, Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said 'everyone can come in and help' and that next-of-kin had come up with good proposals. By Sumisha Naidu, Malaysia Correspondent, Channel NewsAsia Posted 04 Mar 2017 17:45 Updated 04 Mar 2017 17:55 Wife of Paul Weeks - who was on MH370 - Danica Weeks and her two kids at a remembrance event marking three years since the plane disappeared. (Photo: Sumisha Naidu) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A KUALA LUMPUR: The next-of-kin of those onboard the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 have launched a campaign to initiate a privantely funded search for the plane, almost three years after the Boeing 777 vanished off radar screens. The Australian, Malaysian and Chinese governments announced a suspension of the underwater search for the Beijing-bound aircraft in July 2016 after more than two years of scouring a zone determined by experts in the southern Indian Ocean. "I hope the journey we are on will come to a stop once we find the plane," - Jacquita Gomes, wife of #MH370 in-flight supervisor Patrick. pic.twitter.com/l1cpv0z4U3— Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) March 4, 2017 Speaking at an event marking the third year since its disappearance on Saturday (Mar 4), the families said they are hoping to kick-start an alternative search in an area further north of the previous search zone - based on debris findings and drift modeling analysis - but it would require at least US$15 million. When asked about this private search, Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said "everyone can come in and help" and that next-of-kin had come up with good proposals. "We will discuss this," he said, when asked if the Malaysian government would contribute to the private search. "The government of Malaysia has and always will stand with you," - Transport Minister @liowtionglai to loved ones of those onboard #MH370 pic.twitter.com/dG5UzKSUEI— Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) March 4, 2017 He added that two more suspected pieces of debris were found about two weeks ago in South Africa, bringing the total amount of suspected debris found to 27 pieces. Of the 27, only three have been confirmed to be from MH370 due to "its unique manufacturing serial numbers confirmed by Boeing", while five are only almost certain to be from MH370 "due to lack of serial numbers, but is confirmed to be part of a Boeing 777". The only missing Boeing 777 in South Indian Ocean is MH370, said the Transport Minister, and the rest of the debris are still being verified and analysed. "Speaking of debris management, currently, we have a standard operating procedure by means of a MOU (memorandum of understanding) with states along the African coasts including Madagascar, Mauritius and Maldives," Liow said in his speech at the remembrance event. "Upon discovery of a debris, the respective authorities in that particular state will notify Malaysia and send us a high-resolution photo. “If the debris is an object of interest - for example, materials of an aircraft - the respective authorities will take custody of the item. "Then we will either send a team to retrieve (the object of interest) from the authorities in that country or we will get help from our nearest foreign mission to take custody, or if the area is too remote we will make arrangements with the authorities over there to courier the debris back to Malaysia," Liow said.   - CNA/ek Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Spaceflight NASA Signs Agreement with Boeing for Soyuz Seats By Jeff Foust, SpaceNews Writer | March 3, 2017 04:30pm ET MORE A Soyuz spacecraft being prepared for an ISS mission last year. A NASA deal with Boeing gives the space agency access to up to five additional Soyuz seats, including three in 2019. Credit: Victor Zelentsov/NASA WASHINGTON — NASA has quietly signed a contract with Boeing for up to five additional Soyuz seats to provide for both additional U.S. crewmembers on the International Space Station and margin for commercial crew delays. NASA made the deal in a modification to the Vehicle Sustaining Engineering Contract the agency has with Boeing for ISS operations. Other than the formal contract modification notification, posted Feb. 21, NASA did not announce the agreement beyond a statement published without fanfare on the agency's website. The agreement covers two Soyuz seats on flights in the fall of 2017 and spring of 2018, with the option for three seats on Soyuz flights in 2019. The total value of the contract modification, including the optional seats, is $373.5 million, or an average of $74.7 million per seat. NASA's most recent contract with the Russian state space corporation Roscosmos for six Soyuz seats on 2018 missions has an average per-seat price of $81.7 million. NASA disclosed in a Jan. 17 procurement filing that it was evaluating an unsolicited proposal from Boeing for the Soyuz seats. Boeing obtained the seats from Russian company RSC Energia as part of a settlement between the two companies for a legal dispute involving Sea Launch. Boeing won a judgment of more than $320 million against Energia from a federal court in May 2016, but subsequent legal filings indicated that the two companies were negotiating a settlement. The procurement filing was a procedural step before NASA and Boeing could begin negotiations for the sole-source contract. In mid-February, Boeing officials said negotiations with NASA for the Soyuz seats were ongoing. The near-term seats take advantage of open seats on Soyuz flights created after Roscosmos announced plans to temporarily reduce the size of its crew from three to two people, a move that takes effect in April. An additional U.S. crewmember, NASA claims, can result in a 50 percent increase in overall crew time for research on the ISS. NASA has planned to add an additional crewmember once commercial crew vehicles, capable of carrying four or more people at a time, entered service. NASA has not disclosed who will fly to the station on those two near-term Soyuz seats. "Crew assignments are going through the standard process that all [ISS] Expedition assignments follow," NASA spokesman Dan Huot said Feb. 27. "Once that process has been completed, we'll announce the assignments." The compressed timeframe would likely limit the available astronauts for those near-term seats to those who are already training or have recently completed training as backups for missions, or those who have recently flown missions themselves. Crew selections are typically made a year or more in advance of the missions: on Jan. 4, NASA announced that astronauts Drew Feustel and Jeanette Epps would fly to the ISS in March and May of 2018, respectively. The options for three seats in 2019 provide a cushion for NASA to ensure access to the ISS should commercial crew vehicles under development by Boeing and SpaceX suffer delays. "Although both commercial crew vehicles are on track right now to start flying in 2019, it seemed to us it might make sense to NASA to have some insurance just in case," John Elbon, vice president and general manager of space exploration at Boeing, said in a Jan. 17 interview. A U.S. Government Accountability Office report Feb. 16 concluded that Boeing and SpaceX were likely to suffer additional delays in the development of their commercial crew vehicles, delaying their NASA certification from the second half of 2018 until 2019. NASA, in a response to the report, said it was developing a contingency plan for ISS access that would be completed by March 13. Since the report, executives with both Boeing and SpaceX have argued that their vehicles remain on schedule for test flights planned for late this year through the middle of 2018. SpaceX Chief Executive Elon Musk reiterated plans to fly NASA astronauts in 2018 during a Feb. 27 conference call with reporters to discuss his company's plan to send two people on a circumlunar mission in late 2018, a mission he said would fly after SpaceX's first crewed missions to the ISS. A potential gap in access had concerned NASA and its advisors, given that it was too late using traditional procurement methods for NASA to purchase Soyuz seats directly from Roscosmos for 2019 missions. The Boeing deal has relieved at some of those people. "It was good to assure accessibility to ISS and take some schedule pressure off, as it was being perceived, on commercial crew," said James Bagian, a member of the NASA Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, during a Feb. 23 meeting of the panel at the Kennedy Space Center, alluding to the Boeing deal. "While we want commercial crew to proceed with all due haste, we don't want schedule to have unnecessary pressure that could compromise safety." This story was provided by SpaceNews, dedicated to covering all aspects of the space industry. Editor's Recommendations Get More Space Industry News from SpaceNews Flying Boeing's 'Starliner' - New Simulators Teaching Astronauts | Video Photos: Meet the 'Boeing Blue' Spacesuit for Starliner Capsule Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Technology & Science CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Technology & Science Quirks & Quarks Blog Spark Photo Galleries Analysis Can SpaceX really send people around the moon by 2018? 'Not that you can't do it, it's just that they haven't done it yet,' says astronaut Chris Hadfield By Nicole Mortillaro, CBC News Posted: Mar 03, 2017 4:28 PM ET Last Updated: Mar 03, 2017 7:19 PM ET SpaceX announced that it will carry two space tourists around the moon by 2018. (SpaceX) Related Stories 'Not just a dream': Elon Musk aims to get humans on Mars within 10 years Study finds cosmic rays increase heart risks for Apollo astronauts As humanity eyes Mars mission, new report warns of dangers of 'space brain' SpaceX to fly 2 people around the moon by next year External Links SpaceX Falcon 9 Heavy NASA (Note: CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has announced the company plans to send two private citizens into orbit around the moon by 2018. But how realistic is Musk's goal? In the aerospace industry, there's a saying: space is hard. It may seem like an obvious conclusion, but the challenges of such a project are unlike those in any other type of industry. And while SpaceX has certainly proven that it can overcome hurdles, there's a lot the private company needs to address before sending people to orbit the moon. SpaceX to fly 2 people around the moon by next year SpaceX rocket explodes on launch pad One big one is that SpaceX hasn't launched a crewed vehicle into space. Along with Boeing, SpaceX is contracted for the next generation of crewed vehicles that will send people to the International Space Station. The first unmanned test of their Crew Dragon spacecraft is slated for the end of 2017. But that's unlikely to happen: on Feb. 16, the U.S. Government Accountability Office noted delays by Boeing and SpaceX, stating that, if they continue, both companies could see their certifications to fly people into space delayed until 2019.  This artist's concept shows a SpaceX Crew Dragon docking with the International Space Station, as it would during a mission for NASA's Commercial Crew Program. (SpaceX) Then there's the rocket. SpaceX has had great success with its Falcon 9, but it still hasn't tested the Falcon 9 Heavy. Once completed, the Heavy will be the most powerful rocket in the world. SpaceX boasts it "restores the possibility of flying missions with crew to the moon or Mars." But the Heavy is well behind schedule: it was originally slated for a test flight in mid 2015. The date was moved three times in 2016, and now it has been pushed back from early 2017 to mid-2017.  Based on these two crucial steps to getting people to the moon, it appears that a date that is just over a year away could pose a challenge. Still, it doesn't mean it's impossible. 'What you're doing is taking these guys and putting them in bed for total bed rest for six days.' — Richard Hughson, space researcher SpaceX has been setting ambitious goals from the start, having launched several crew resupply missions and even landing the first stage of its Falcon 9 rocket back on Earth. "Five years ago, even three years ago, that would have been an audacious, crazy fantasy," Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield told CBC News. "And yet now, people are sort of disappointed when it doesn't work perfectly. So I wouldn't discount it." NASA pays $80 million a seat Going to space is not only hard, it's expensive. At the moment, with no crew launch vehicle of their own, NASA is dishing out roughly $80 million per seat to the Russians in order to get its astronauts to the ISS. The cost for a SpaceX mission to the station is estimated to be around $58 million. In the 1960s, the cost of the entire Apollo program was roughly $20 billion (not adjusted to today's value). While Musk isn't proposing a lunar program yet (give him time), it's still going to cost millions of dollars to get there. In 2009, Cirque du Soleil founder Guy Laliberté paid $35 million to Space Adventures Ltd. to hitch a ride on a Russian Soyuz rocket to the ISS. ​ Canadian spaceflight participant Guy Laliberté (centre) aboard the International Space Station on Oct. 2, 2009 with, left to right, Nicole Stott, Jeffrey Williams, Michael Barratt and European Space Agency astronaut Frank De Winne. (NASA Handout/Reuters) Obviously getting to the moon will be a lot more expensive. But clearly, the two individuals who have paid SpaceX have the money to do it. Still, the question will be whether SpaceX can continue to send astronauts to the ISS and these seemingly frivolous trips to the moon. ​Physical effects Human bodies were not built for space. We can't even go to a altitude of 8,000 metres without almost killing ourselves. Heading in the other direction, even with breathing apparatus, at a depth of about 30 metres our bodies begin to feel the effects of the change in pressure. Going to space for any length of time creates even more challenges. Richard Hughson, senior director of research at the  Schlegel-University of Waterloo Research Institute for Aging, studies the effects of space on astronauts. There are a lot of effects, including decreased bone density, cardiovascular responses, eyesight changes and muscle atrophy. The effects are seen in astronauts in long missions, such as those spending six months on the ISS, but they begin almost as soon as an astronaut becomes weightless. If the trip to the moon is about the same as the Apollo missions, it would last six days. While this is a fraction of the time astronauts spend on the ISS, the SpaceX passengers are likely to experience some of the effects, including muscle atrophy. Chris Hadfield performing a periodic fitness evaluation during his stay on the International Space Station. Astronauts need to exercise in order to prevent muscle atrophy and bone degeneration. (NASA) "Essentially what you're doing is taking these guys and putting them in bed for total bed rest for six days," Hughson told CBC News. Then there's the issue of radiation: astronauts in low-Earth orbit are shielded by our magnetic field against harmful cosmic rays. Anyone heading to the moon doesn't have the luxury.  Last year, a study found Apollo astronauts were five times more likely to die from heart disease compared to shuttle astronauts. What will be the effects on the SpaceX passengers? Space tourism SpaceX has said it is already training the future astronauts and plan to do more flights like this one, with the ultimate destination of Mars. Hadfield said Musk`s timeline is likely to be moved. "It's not that you can't do it, it's just that they haven't done it yet," he said. And while Musk is renowned for setting ambitious goals, it doesn't make the prospect of ordinary (and extremely wealthy) citizens any less exciting. People like the two passengers, Hadfield said, are opening the doors to making space more accessible.  "I think the people who help finance that mission will get that sort of pride out of it," he said. "Not just the bragging-rights pictures, but also that the fruit of their labour is going to help enable the moon to be part of the much more normal human experience here within this next generation. That's pretty exciting." Musk plans to get humans to Mars within 10 years Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines 'You don't get a 2nd chance to react': Plan reveals crucial moments in 9/11-style attack in Canada video 'Grow a spine ... and punish people who commit fraud,' NDP tell Liberals over tax dodge reports Snowbirds may soon be allowed 8 months in U.S., but could risk provincial health benefits read comments U.S. responds to North Korea by readying anti-missile defence system across border read comments Tax court judge attended party hosted by law firm linked to KPMG Latest Technology & Science News Headlines Diamonds discovered for 1st time in Manitoba Why Google Home is spreading a fake story about Barack Obama plotting a coup read comments Arctic sea ice may vanish even if world achieves climate goal, study says read comments Canadian Space Agency narrows astronaut candidates to 32 Unhealthy, polluted environments kill 1.7 million children each year: WHO Quirks & Quarks Don't pee in the pool, Bees Play Ball, and Lucid Dreaming Ideal setting for alien life, Fort Mac rebounds and more Most Viewed What happens when a Canadian border agent asks to search your phone? Canadian Space Agency narrows astronaut candidates to 32 Time for a 'use it or lose it' rule for Canadian streaming rights, advocates say Oldest traces of life on Earth found in Quebec, dating back roughly 3.8 billion years As Arctic warms, Canada's glaciers playing major role in sea level rise U.S. suspends fast processing of high-tech H-1B visa applications Facial recognition technology is coming to Canadian airports this spring Sketching science: Meet the fossil artist who reconstructs 'lost worlds' IBM's Watson computer gets job fighting cybercrime Wireless networks of Telus, Bell and Rogers 'evenly matched,' report finds Don't Miss How Canadians are keeping Black Lives Matter website online The Current Fun and games: Why we should take time to play Antimatter Scientists measure antimatter atom for 1st time Blog Climate change as seen from space: Bob McDonald Who would want access to 1 billion Yahoo accounts? Canadians couldn't stop Googling Drake, Trump in 2016 Opinion A tech company that cares — now that would be innovative Profile 'This game is not over yet:' Arctic researcher has hope we can turn corner on climate change Snapchat, Skype, BBM not protecting users' privacy, says Amnesty International 'Invulnerability illusion' leaves younger people exposed to web frauds WW1 U-BOAT Engineers stumble on WWI German submarine sunk by 'sea monster' TOMATOES Study explains why tomatoes lose their flavour in the fridge Rigorous rules proposed for recreational drone flyers, documents show Rockstar Games announces Red Dead Redemption 2 for fall 2017 release Rural reboot: Salinas, Calif., turning crop pickers into computer programmers Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Aircraft News-March 3, 2017 Aircraft News-March 3, 2017 Mar 3, 2017 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Gallery: Innsbruck Airport brings winter tourists to the the Austrian Alps Advertisement Aeromexico agreed to lease a second Boeing 787-9 from Air Lease Corp. for delivery in June 2018. BOC Aviation took delivery of its 200th Boeing aircraft, a 737-800 for Malaysia’s Malindo Air. Airbus signed an industrial partnership agreement with the Japanese aerospace industry designed to expand and strengthen their cooperation. CDB Aviation Lease Finance, a wholly owned Irish subsidiary of China Development Bank Financial Leasing, delivered one new Airbus A320-200neo to SAS Scandinavian Airlines. The aircraft represents CDB Aviation’s first out of six A320-200neos as part of a sale-and-leaseback transaction with the Scandinavian flag carrier. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Aircraft News-March 22, 2016   Aircraft News-March 1, 2016   Aircraft News-Feb. 24, 2017 Aircraft News-March 10, 2016   Ryanair to add 50 aircraft in 2017   Blogs & Commentary Mar 1, 2017 blog 10 good and bad indicators for US aviation under Trump It’s still early days in the US Trump administration, but here’s a few thoughts on the outlook for aviation, good and bad, given what little we have seen and heard so far....More Mar 1, 2017 blog Is European aviation broken? When parking costs more than your flight, it’s clear something is fundamentally wrong with the European airline business model....More Feb 27, 2017 blog Express cargo’s big shift Express cargo companies are scrambling to keep up with the e-commerce monster they helped spawn....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Mar 3, 2017 Article American’s Parker: Gulf carriers threaten US hub-and-spoke system In another indication that there is a renewed push against the expansion of the major Gulf carriers in the US, American Airlines chairman and CEO Doug Parker said he was “highly confident” that the new Trump administration would address the issue....More Mar 3, 2017 Article JetBlue, Alaska, Atlas push back against US majors on Gulf issue The CEOs of JetBlue Airways, Alaska Airlines and Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings continue to push back against American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and United Airlines on the issue of alleged Gulf airline subsidies....More Mar 2, 2017 Article Boeing CEO Muilenburg lauds Trump’s ‘engagement’ with aviation Boeing chairman, president and CEO Dennis Muilenburg praised US President Donald Trump at the US Chamber of Commerce Aviation Summit in Washington DC March 2, describing him as “very much engaged with industry … [with] a great curiosity and a great affinity for airplanes and aerospace.”...More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Press Esc to close Tuesday 07 March 2017 News updated at 2:47 PM IST Archives Weather Max: 33.1°C Min : 23.8°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Elections   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   ePaper    Tempers flare as Kohli-Smith showdown continues      Australia reach 101 for 6 at tea against India      Sharmila vs Ibobi Singh in phase-II of Manipur polls tomorrow      Sharmila vs Ibobi Singh in phase-II of Manipur polls tomorrow      Sharmila vs Ibobi Singh in phase-II of Manipur polls tomorrow      Two-thirds Indians have to pay bribe, highest in Asia-Pacific: Survey      Reliance Cap sells Paytm stake for Rs 275 cr      8 injured in blast in Bhopal-Ujjain passenger train      Six persons taken into custody for raping minor girls      India set Australia 188-run target in second Test      Economy to grow 7.1% in FY17, Dec qtr GDP surprising: Fitch      US deploys anti-ballistic missile defense system to S Korea      Fisherman shot dead by Lankan Navy; fishermen protest      Hospital reports clearly state Jayalalithaa died on Dec 5: TN govt      India's stand consistent, well known: Rijiju on Durrani's remark      Pak-based terror groups fund terrorism in J-K through charity      Tibet's 2nd largest airport terminal opened close to India      Campaigning ends for final leg of polls in UP, Manipur      Campaigning ends for final leg of polls in UP, Manipur      Campaigning ends for final leg of polls in UP, Manipur      Campaigning ends for final leg of polls in UP, Manipur      Surrogacy a joke, Johar could have adopted a poor child: Azmi      SBI to hike minimum balance for savings a/c; hit 31 cr people      SC to examine appeal against dropping of charges in Babri case      Auction fails again for Mallya's Kingfisher House, Goa Villa      Indo-Oman joint army exercise begins in Himachal Pradesh      PM makes impassioned plea to voters at final UP rally      PM makes impassioned plea to voters at final UP rally      PM makes impassioned plea to voters at final UP rally      China hikes defence budget to USD 152 billion      Akhilesh made UP No.1 in murder, loot: Amit Shah      Akhilesh made UP No.1 in murder, loot: Amit Shah      Akhilesh made UP No.1 in murder, loot: Amit Shah      Mumbai: MLA rides bullock cart, presses for lifting ban on rural sport      Netflix inks pact with Airtel & others, bets on local content      Maha to seek K'taka's help to check female foeticide in border areas      AIIMS hands over Jaya's medical report to TN govt      Overseas investors excited about India, says Sinha      No relief for Prajapati from SC      Hindu Americans oppose 'negative portrayal' of Hinduism by CNN      India calls for early adoption of anti-terror convention by UN      26/11 attack carried out by Pak-based terror group: Pak ex-NSA      'Losing respect' for Virat Kohli for sledging, says Ian Healy      Chinese media warns India against Dalai's visit to Arunachal      Pujara, Rahul shine as India fightback with 126-run lead      Volunteers fan out across Varanasi for SP-Cong alliance      Volunteers fan out across Varanasi for SP-Cong alliance      Volunteers fan out across Varanasi for SP-Cong alliance      North Korea fires missiles, three reach Japan waters      FBI joins Kent shooting probe, Bera says hate crimes on rise     Next Story Diary case:&#8200;MLC files complaint with police Read more >> You are here: Home » State » Boeing in talks with state govt to set up manufacturing facility Boeing in talks with state govt to set up manufacturing facility P M Raghunandan, Bengaluru, March 4, 2017, DHNS US firm discusses land availability near B'luru, tax incentives In a development that gives a big boost to the aviation industry in Karnataka, aerospace major Boeing is holding talks with the state government on setting up a new aircraft manufacturing facility near Bengaluru. Top officials of the state government held discussions with representatives of Boeing recently. Availability of land close to Bengaluru, tax incentives and special packages the government can offer to the company were discussed. But nothing has been finalised yet, nor has the company submitted a formal proposal to the government on its investment plans, sources in the government said. “We are holding talks with Boeing. The company has plans to set up a new manufacturing facility near Bengaluru. Talks are still in preliminary stages,” Industries Minister R V Deshpande told DH. The minister, however, refused to divulge details on the company’s investment plans. Boeing recently launched its Engineering and Technology Centre in Bengaluru. A few months ago, the US aircraft manufacturer had revealed that it was keen on investing in a new futuristic Indian factory under the ‘Make in India’ initiative. The company had said that it wants to create an entire aviation ecosystem for building its fighter aircraft, F/A-18 Super Hornet. The F/A-18 Super Hornet is a twin-engine, supersonic, multirole fighter jet capable of landing and taking off from an aircraft carrier. But it is not clear whether the company is holding talks with the state government on establishing the factory near Bengaluru. AP too is wooing Sources in the Commerce and Industries department said that neighbouring Andhra Pradesh is also wooing Boeing to invest there. Andhra Pradesh has been aggressive in attracting investments. But, the Karnataka government is not lagging behind in this regard. Karnataka has an edge over other states as Bengaluru is an aviation hub, the sources added. The sources said one of the reasons for the state government to hurriedly approve a proposal to relax land allotment rules for industrial purposes, is to compete with Andhra Pradesh in attracting Boeing. Projects coming in single unit complex bracket will get land on lease-cum-sale basis and absolute sale deed for the land will be issued to the investor after 15 years, as per the government’s decision. Hitherto, land for industrial purposes was given only on 99 years lease. The Andhra Pradesh government has already simplified its land allotment rules.   Tweet Go to Top Videos Tokens from History: An exhibition of rare coins comes to Bengaluru Cabbies on Strike: Ola and Uber drivers begin fast Meet the Skycats: They perform death-defying stunts at 15,000 ft Daredevil Birds: Breathtaking aerobatic displays at Aero India Beauty in the Sky: Aero India begins with dazzling display Aero India 2017( Feb 14-18) India Upbeat Menthya Gojju Pudi (Methi Gravy powder) Bow wow! : A park designed for doggies Lions attack safari vehicle in Bannerghatta Videos Congress, SP, BSP have different culture of... European Space agency launches latest satellite Wall Street slips on Trump comments Kansas killing: Bengaluru residents stage candlelight vigil... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Hard work more powerful than Harvard: PM 2.Sikh man injured in US after stranger shoots him 3.Varsities should be place of debate, not violence: Prez 4.Hitting campuses Left and Right 5.I take back my 'harsh' words on Sehwag: Javed Akhtar 1.How to catch the rain? 2.'Hate' video says Indians have 'ravished' US Midwest (Video) 3.The legacy of Tipu's armouries 4.Yoga classes may help reduce depression: study 5.Sourcing energy from space 1. Trump signs new travel ban targeting six Muslim nations, leaves Iraq out 2. 'Hate' video says Indians have 'ravished' US Midwest (Video) 3. BJP's decision to pull out of mayoral polls boon for Sena 4. Amulya gets engaged to ex-corporator's son 5. 'Sudeep cooked for all of us ' Photo Gallery Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray with Aditya Thackeray take part in the victory procession of new... Prime Minister Narendra Modi addessing the Parivartan Sankalp Rally at Rohaniya in Varanasi on ... RJD chief Lalu Prasad at an election rally in support of Congress-SP candidates in Varanasi ... Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister and SP leader Akhilesh Yadav at an election rally in Jaunpur on ... Bhojpuri actor Ravi Kishan, who recently joined BJP, during an election road show in favour of party Prime Minister Narendra Modi feeding cows during a visit to the Garwaghat Ashram in Varanasi on .... Vice President M Hamid Ansari with the President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo and his spouse Iriana ... Nobel Prize winner and child rights activist Kailash Satyarthi at a felicitation function for women Members of Non-Gazetted Police Pensioners Welfare Forum demand implementation of OROP and payment... BSF jawans patrolling the Indo-Bangladesh International Border in Agartala on Monday... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Trump's Boeing Love Creates Contradictions By Brooke Sutherland Photographer: Sean Rayford/Getty Images Industrials Brooke Sutherland Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News. Follow @blsuth Facebook Twitter Email Print Share March 3, 2017 12:41 PM EST BOEING CO/THE -1.25 At Closing, March 6th 180.93 USD CATERPILLAR INC +0.54 At Closing, March 6th 95.66 USD As President Donald Trump visited a Boeing Co. factory two weeks ago and pledged to "fight for every last American job," the aerospace giant was working on cutting more than 1,000 positions.   Boeing has earned multiple pats on the back from Trump in the past few weeks including a "God Bless Boeing" acclaim at the end of that South Carolina speech, while its CEO Dennis Muilenburg has become downright chummy with the president. In light of Trump's America First agenda, it deserves some of that praise: Boeing is the largest U.S. exporter and pays good wages for high-level manufacturing work. And yet, Boeing's employment numbers aren't exactly moving in the direction that a president who bills himself as a job saver might want. Trending Down Total employment at Boeing has been declining over the past few years Source: Bloomberg, company filings In December -- a full two months before Trump's effusive praise on the factory floor -- the $113 billion plane maker told employees that tough competition and fewer sales opportunities in commercial aerospace after years of booming demand would force it to ramp up layoffs. A plan to trim 8 percent of that division's workforce in 2016 implied 6,600 job cuts. On Thursday, we learned some details as to how many more positions could be eliminated this year: Boeing approved 1,500 voluntary layoffs for mechanics, while 305 engineers and technical workers are also leaving voluntarily, per Bloomberg News. Air Brakes Analysts are forecasting a slowdown in Boeing sales after several years of big growth on the back of the booming commercial aerospace demand Source: Bloomberg Boeing has said it may also have to consider involuntary cuts. Who knows how many jobs might eventually be rendered unnecessary by the robotics and automation Boeing's CEO said this week are crucial to new product innovation and maintaining U.S. leadership in aerospace and defense. Boeing isn't doing anything wrong. To keep paying workers that it doesn't need flies directly in the face of free-market capitalism and would surely irk shareholders who are already worried about cash flow and margins. And it does need to invest in technology and automation to make its business more efficient and stay competitive. It's just another reminder that corporate realities will likely force even Trump-approved companies to make decisions he doesn't like. Caterpillar Inc., of "I love Caterpillar" fame, is another example. Here's what the company's head of investor relations Amy Campbell had to say earlier this week: “Our strategy has been to build where we sell product, and so we build Chinese product in China. I think if there was a desire to build that product in the U.S., I don’t know that the Chinese would be all that excited to accept it back in China.” Beyond that, the manufacturing jobs that Caterpillar provided 40 years ago just don't exist anymore because of automation, she said. Taxing Times Caterpillar shares slumped on news of the raid at its offices. But this made-of-Teflon stock was actually up slightly on Friday. Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Trump may have other reasons to be disappointed in Caterpillar these days, after multiple government agencies raided the construction-machinery maker's offices this week. The raid appears at least partly connected with a probe into Caterpillar tax policies that a Senate investigative committee in 2014 found allowed it to avoid paying $2.4 billion in taxes. Caterpillar told the committee it had complied with U.S. tax laws and now says it's cooperating with authorities. While Trump has acknowledged he used legal loopholes to avoid paying personal federal income taxes, he's also said that companies that pursue other tax-saving moves like inversions "have no loyalty to this country." There's a pattern of contradictions here. Broad promises to save every U.S. manufacturing job could actually work against Trump's objective to make America "start winning again." Perhaps Trump himself has realized this and that's why we haven't heard any Twitter rants about these Boeing job reductions. He also seems to have backed off -- or forgotten? -- earlier criticism about Boeing's "massive" plant in China. (It's not massive). While Trump lamented the loss of factories since China joined the World Trade Organization to a joint session of Congress this week, he's had no specific public words for Boeing or Caterpillar on this matter lately. Except the broad platitudes keep coming and in the end, that's hampering a real discussion about the effect of globalization and technology on manufacturing and the investments that are needed in education and training. Tax reform and fewer regulations alone aren't going to cut it.    This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. The closest thing Boeing has had to a big-league jobs announcement since Trump's election victory was a December proclamation that Iran's national airline's order for 80 aircraft would "support" nearly 100,000 U.S. jobs within "the U.S. aerospace value stream." Translation: thanks to this new influx of money, there's now less of a risk that 100,000 people employed at Boeing or its suppliers will have to be laid off. If Trump succeeds in ramping up defense spending, that could create jobs in other parts of Boeing's business. But the potential for a defense-related stimulus hasn't stopped him from attacking other companies' job plans (see: United Technologies Corp.'s Carrier division).   Boeing builds airplane interiors specifically designated for that market and the billions of dollars in sales Boeing has gotten from China over the years help support U.S. manufacturing jobs. To contact the author of this story: Brooke Sutherland in New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net Noble's 2020 bonds yield 7.8% What's Cooking? Noble Preps for a Sale. Or At Least Its Bonds Do Markets Christopher Langner China's interest Best brains Talent scouts Trump's Gift to China Tech Hiring Tech Tim Culpan Good Stuff Good Stuff The Singapore stock benchmark is up 11.2 percent this year, making it the second best performing in Asia Source: Bloomberg False Dawn Singapore Stocks Are Floating on Foam Markets Christopher Langner Year-on-year driver signups, January +60% Default position Uber Should Worry About India's DUD Autos Andy Mukherjee Does It Look Like It's in Play? Does It Look Like It's in Play? The average analyst price target calls for a 16% rebound in WebMD's stock over the next 12 months. Can it find an acquirer willing to pay that or more? Source: Bloomberg Contraindication WebMD's Deal Prognosis: Not Great Deals Tara Lachapelle Range-Bound Range-Bound After surging at the end of 2016, Treasury yields have bounced around to start 2017 Source: Bloomberg We're With Stupid Smart Money Risks Looking Dumb on Bonds Markets Lisa Abramowicz Westpac shares, YTD +4.8% Tough Crowd Aussie Banks' X Factor Finance David Fickling Dear Shareholder Arconic's 'We Alone Can Fix It' Message Falls Flat Deals Brooke Sutherland What's Probably Not First On Rosneft Investors' Wish Lists Wind Power Solar Vortex Saudi Aramco Should Stay Out of the Sun Energy Liam Denning The premium Standard Life is paying Nil Standard Aberdeen Picking a Fight Over Scottish Funds Deals Chris Hughes Champions League price $1.5 billion Champions League Playing Soccer With Billionaires Isn't Cheap Media Leila Abboud Doubling Up Doubling Up Peugeot shares climbed as the carmaker announced its agreement to buy Opel Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Opel Purchase Peugeot Pimps Its Ride Autos Chris Bryant The Four Year Itch The Four Year Itch Yields on German and Dutch government bonds are inseparable at the short end, where the ECB's giving free funding Source: Bloomberg Measly Yield Dutch Investors Doze as Wilders Looms Markets Marcus Ashworth Macron's poll lead over Le Pen 27%-25.5% Risk of Loss Hedge Funds Risk French Election Sting Finance Lionel Laurent Going Local Going Local While foreign chipmakers in China will remain restrained, domestic companies are set to drive capital expenditure in the industry Source: Bernstein Surfeit of chips Toshiba, Peak Memory, and a Crisis Averted Tech Tim Culpan Capital Confidence Capital Confidence A Deutsche Bank capital hike would strengthen its Basel III Tier 1 Common Ratio Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Shrink & Grow Deutsche Bank: New Plan, Same Man Finance Lionel Laurent Money Bags Money Bags By 2016, mainland Chinese developers accounted for 26 percent of buyers of Hong Kong land sold by the government, and 65 percent of bidders. Sources: Hong Kong Lands Department, JLL don't panic Sympathy for the Hong Kong Property Devil Real Estate Nisha Gopalan Combined market value £11 billion Double Scotch Better Together for Scottish Fund Managers Deals Chris Hughes Big Shift Big Shift Traders have substantially boosted their expectations for a March Fed rate hike Source: Bloomberg Dazed and Confused Bonds See Gloom Where Stocks See Zoom Markets Lisa Abramowicz Consol's Better Bet Gas Consolation Consol Mines the Trump Rally to Exit Coal Energy Liam Denning Big Hit Big Hit WPP shares fell the most in more than eight years Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Calm Down Someone Tell WPP Animal Spirits are Back Media Leila Abboud Exchange Mergers LSE on the Rebound Finance Chris Hughes Amount of potential food buyout targets is nearly €50 billion Sausage Roll-Up Europe's Food Buyout Boom Can Finally Start Consumer Andrea Felsted Value of shares sold $3.2 billion Bailing Out Buyout Firms Head for the Exit Deals Chris Hughes
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 83 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest DOT wants to open Mexico City up to U.S. low-cost airlines JetBlue, Southwest and Alaska Airlines would be among big winners in DOT proposal. Post to Facebook DOT wants to open Mexico City up to U.S. low-cost airlines JetBlue, Southwest and Alaska Airlines would be among big winners in DOT proposal.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2lmxuvV {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs DOT wants to open Mexico City up to U.S. low-cost airlines Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 11:21 a.m. ET March 3, 2017 | Updated 12:28 p.m. ET March 3, 2017 79 Shares This file photo shows a JetBlue aircraft taking off within view of two Southwest Airlines jets at Bob Hope Airport in Burbank, Calif.  (Photo: Reed Saxon, AP) There would be more competition on flights between the United States and Mexico City, if a tentative Department of Transportation proposal issued Thursday becomes permanent. And New York’s JFK airport would see new flights on three Mexican budget airlines, all part of an effort to open up U.S.-Mexico flight options at the two capacity controlled airports. The DOT proposal detailed how the agency would reallocate flight “slots” that Delta and Aeromexico were required to give up at Mexico City and JFK in order to win approval for a joint-venture business relationship. In exchange for the approval, the department required the airlines to surrender government permits for 24 pairs of takeoffs and landings at Mexico City’s airport and additional slot pairs at JFK. The goal was to prevent the airlines from dominating those congested and popular airports because they would have controlled half the slots at Mexico City. Alaska Airlines, JetBlue and Southwest tentatively received multiple slots to add service at Mexico City’s main international airport. JetBlue received six “slot pairs” while Alaska and Southwest each got four. MORE: Alaska Air begins merger with Virgin America, promises 'more to love' (full story continues below) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America begin merger process  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Sporting the airline's recently updated livery, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in May 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America operated its busiest hub in San Francisco, where it has become one of the city's most notable carriers.  AP Fullscreen An image showing the tails of Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America was known for its trendy and irreverent image. Every year near Christmas, the carrier performed 'Operation Chihuahua Airlift' to send rescued chihuahuas to homes on the East Coast.  PR NEWSWIRE Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes with the company's newest livery and tail logo, left, and the old livery are shown April 4, 2016, at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Ted S. Warren, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft are seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Aug. 12, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America sparked a major fare war when it tried to create a 'focus city' at Dallas Love Field. Here, one of the airline's planes is seen at Love Field in April 2014.  AP Fullscreen A new Alaska Airlines 737 painted with a Boeing centennial theme arrives during a kickoff celebration for Boeing's 100th anniversary month on June 30, 2016, in Seattle.  Genna Martin, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's distinctive red tails have become a common site at San Francisco International Airport.  JOHN G. MABANGLO, EPA Fullscreen Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden speaks to a crowd during the Alaska Airlines Plane Pull with Russell Wilson and Joel McHale at The Museum of Flight in Seattle on July 28, 2015.  Matt Mills McKnight, AP Images for Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America CEO David Cush, third-left front row, is applauded and showered with confetti as he rings the opening bell at the Nasdaq market to mark his company's IPO in New York on Nov. 14, 2014.  Richard Drew, AP Fullscreen In this file photo from Nov. 14, 2016, fueling manager Jarid Svraka looks on as he fuels an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 jet with a new, blended alternative jet fuel at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America flight attendants line the red carpet during a news conference at Dallas Love Field on April 25, 2014.  Max Faulkner, Fort Worth Star-Telegram via AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line a terminal in Seattle on Dec. 16, 2015.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America's inaugural flight between Los Angeles an Dallas Fort Worth International Airport comes in for a landing in Texas on Dec. 1, 2010.  LM Otero, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' "Salmon-Thirty-Salmon" themed Boeing 737-800 is one of several unique paint jobs flying for the carrier. It's seen here in Anchorage on Oct. 4, 2012.  Mark Thiessen, AP Fullscreen Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 painted with the airline's new tail logo and livery takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 26, 2016.  HANDOUT/EPA Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events. Here he greets staff at the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events.Here he participates in festivities for the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's hub at San Francisco put it into head-to-head competition with rival United on many routes.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes line-up at the terminal at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 13, 2009.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen This airline painted in the colors of the Portland Timbers Major League Soccer team has been one of several special liveries to fly for Alaska Airlines over the years.  Courtesy of Alaska Air Group Fullscreen Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle, Wash in April of 2016. Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle on April of 2016. [Via MerlinFTP Drop]  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen Seen here in 2011, Virgin America performed a splashy makeover in creating its ticketing space at San Francisco International Airport.  Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The warm orange hues of a summer sunset envelope an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets over the Olympic mountain range as an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxis to its gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 747-400 lands within view of an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska and Delta Air Lines jets pass one another at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 departs LAX on Nov. 7, 2015, as a trio of international tails await their next flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Mexican discount carrier Volaris would receive nine slot pairs if the DOT’s tentative decision becomes permanent, which is usually the case. In aviation vernacular, a “slot” refers to a takeoff or landing spot at airports where schedule are capacity controlled. A “slot pair” would give an airline the ability to perform one round-trip flight. Per the proposal, the airlines receiving the 24 Mexico City slots would use them to fly more than a dozen routes from the Mexican capital. (Scroll down for the full list) The DOT also proposed reallocating the six slots Delta and Aeromexico are giving up at New York JFK. Those would go to Mexican low-cost carriers that currently have a small presence there. VivaAerobus would get two slot pairs at JFK while Interjet and Volaris would get one. All of those slots would be used for Mexico City service, per the DOT's Show Cause order. The slot reallocation would occur in two phases, with 14 Mexico City and two JFK slots changing hands this year and the rest in 2018. Scroll down for the full breakdown of the DOT’s proposal to reallocate the Mexico City (MEX) slots: JetBlue rolls out special 'Blueprint' livery on Embraer E190 FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn JetBlue rolls out special 'Blueprint' livery on Embraer E190  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. JetBlue provided this undated photo of an Embraer E190 painted in the carrier's new "Blueprint" special livery.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue's new "Blueprint" special livery was unveiled on this Embraer E190 in Boston on Feb. 18, 2017.  JetBlue Fullscreen A close up of JerBlue's new "Blueprint" special livery on one of the carrier's Embraer E190 jets.  JetBlue Fullscreen A close up of JerBlue's new "Blueprint" special livery on one of the carrier's Embraer E190 jets.  JetBlue Fullscreen JetBlue provided this photo of an Embraer E190 painted in the carrier's new "Blueprint" special livery.  JetBlue Fullscreen A close up of JerBlue's new "Blueprint" special livery on one of the carrier's Embraer E190 jets.  JetBlue Fullscreen A close up of JerBlue's new "Blueprint" special livery on one of the carrier's Embraer E190 jets.  JetBlue Fullscreen A close up of JerBlue's new "Blueprint" special livery on one of the carrier's Embraer E190 jets.  JetBlue Fullscreen A close up of JerBlue's new "Blueprint" special livery on one of the carrier's Embraer E190 jets.  JetBlue Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 9 2 of 9 3 of 9 4 of 9 5 of 9 6 of 9 7 of 9 8 of 9 9 of 9 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Alaska Airlines (four slot pairs) Los Angeles (two pairs), San Diego, San Francisco "We are excited to serve Mexico City nonstop from our three largest California gateways," John Kirby, Alaska Airlines’ VP of capacity planning at Alaska Airlines, said in a statement. "Service to Benito Juarez International Airport enhances Alaska Airlines' expansive West Coast network and gives our valued guests access to the largest metropolitan area in the Western Hemisphere." JetBlue (six slot pairs) Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles and Orlando (two pairs each) “We applaud the DOT for its efforts to open this market to competition,” JetBlue spokesman Doug McGraw said in a statement to Today in the Sky. “This is a big win for our customers. Greater access will allow us to offer a better schedule in Mexico City, and bring even more of JetBlue’s great service and low fares to this market.” Southwest Airlines (four slot pairs) Fort Lauderdale, Houston Hobby (two pairs), Los Angeles VivaAerobus (three slot pairs*) Las Vegas, New JFK (two pairs) Volaris (eight slot pairs*) Chicago O’Hare; Denver; Los Angeles; New York JFK; Oakland; Ontario, Calif.*; San Antonio; San Jose, Calif.*; Washington Dulles * = Volaris would split one slot pair between two destinations, offering service to San Jose four days a week and to Ontario three days a week. Additionally, the DOT says that since Volaris intends to its flights to Chicago and Oakland at flight times beyond the peak slot controls, the agency "is relying on the carrier to obtain those slots from the airport's slot administrator." In practice, that means those off-peak two slot pairs -- if they can be obtained -- would essentially in addition to the 24 that are otherwise being reallocated at Mexico City. Contributing: Bart Jansen Reno: The biggest little freight hub you’ve never heard of FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Reno: The biggest little freight hub you’ve never heard of (photos)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Packages bound for Bradley International Airport, near Hartford, CT, board a Southwest Airlines jet at Reno-Tahoe International Airport in Reno, NV on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A reel of package tracking stickers extends out onto the floor as an employee affixes the stickers to packages at a Southwest Airlines freight facility in Reno, Nevada on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet takes off from a cloudy Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen An employee with Southwest boards a forklift inside of a big rig at the company's freight office at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Monday, February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet lands at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers move pallets of freight around a Southwest Airlines cargo facility at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Jami Mathisen, an employee at Southwest Airlines' freight office in Reno, Nevada, checks paperwork ahead of the morning rush on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen One of the first Southwest Airlines' flights of the day from Reno, NV awaits a load packages at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Southwest Airlines ramp worker Mark Rusche, far right, catches a break with coworkers before the day begins at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Ramp workers load boxes onto a Southwest Airlines flight early in the morning on February 15, 2016 at Reno-Tahoe International Airport in Reno, Nevada.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Paperwork collects on a desk at Southwest Airlines' cargo facility at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A pallet of freight weighs in at 514 pounds, according to a scale in Southwest Airlines' freight office at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 15 2 of 15 3 of 15 4 of 15 5 of 15 6 of 15 7 of 15 8 of 15 9 of 15 10 of 15 11 of 15 12 of 15 13 of 15 14 of 15 15 of 15 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lmxuvV Most Popular 10 best places to see this summer’s solar eclipse 1.7k Shares Indianapolis airport considers updating 9-year-old terminal 57 Shares Lightning strike briefly shuts LaGuardia runway as storms delay flights 73 Shares Climate, friendly businesses make Delaware beaches a year-round destination 203 Shares Moving art: Swedish subway stations wow visitors 145 Shares The 10 biggest snow days of this epic ski season 1.4k Shares
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News 1,800 unionized Boeing employees accept buyouts Boeing eliminated 7,400 positions in 2016 and said it expects to eliminate a similar number this year. By Ed Adamczyk   |   March 3, 2017 at 10:47 AM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo March 3 (UPI) -- More than 1,800 unionized employees of Boeing will leave the company through voluntary buyouts, two unions announced. Personnel cuts in Boeing's commercial aircraft division, where the formerly Seattle-based company has about half of its 75,000 employees, were announced in December. The International Association of Machinists, which represents workers in Washington State, said about 1,500 of its members will accept the offered buyouts, which include a week of severance pay for every year of service and six months of medical coverage. The Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace, representing engineers and aircraft inspectors, said 305 members will also accept buyouts, involving the same severance pay but only three months of medical coverage. Nonunion employees were also offered buyouts, but Boeing did not offer information on how many accepted the offer. Boeing cut 7,400 jobs at its Washington State plants in 2016, and Ray Conner, vice chairman of the company, warned in December that additional cuts would follow, citing "fewer sales opportunities and tougher competition." In 2016, Boeing slashed 2,100 jobs held by machinists' union members, all through attrition or voluntary buyouts. Bill Dugovich of the engineers' union said Boeing told union officials to expect 2017 personnel reductions to be "in line with last year." About 1,200 members of the engineers' union lost their jobs at Boeing in 2016, 350 coming through involuntary layoffs. Boeing spokesman Paul Bergman said additional cuts are expected, commenting, "Every few months, there's going to be another group going through this." In February, President Donald Trump visited a non-union Boeing plant in South Carolina as it unveiled the company's newest plane. "Already, American industry is roaring back. Jobs is one of the primary reasons I am standing here today as your president," Trump said at the unveiling. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories U.S. Navy orders 12 new fighter aircraft from Boeing Boeing workers in South Carolina reject union representation Boeing receives $983M contract for aircraft engineering Comments Topics: Donald Trump Trending President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos Next Article U.S. 'dreamer' facing deportation without hearing, lawyer says Latest Headlines President Trump: What the new White House has done so far -7608232 seconds ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- In his first days in office, President Donald Trump has taken action on issues including healthcare, abortion, trade and oil pipelines. House Republicans show long-awaited plan for ACA replacement 9 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- House Republicans on Monday released details of their long-awaited healthcare plan to repeal and replace former President Obama's Affordable Care Act. HUD chief Carson takes heat for saying slaves were 'immigrants' 9 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- Newly-confirmed Housing Secretary Ben Carson made his first address to his staff Monday, which drew substantial criticism for remarks he made about slavery. Supreme Court: Racial bias in jury room can violate right to fair trial 11 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Monday that the presence of racial bias in juror deliberations can violate defendants' constitutional right to an impartial jury. GM to lay off 1,100, end third shift at Michigan plant 11 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- General Motors announced plans to lay off 1,100 workers at its plant in Lansing, Mich. UPI Latest Trending Stories North Korea likely preparing to strike U.S. military bases in Japan Pentagon investigating nude photos on Marines Facebook group HUD chief Carson takes heat for saying slaves were 'immigrants' President Trump: What the new White House has done so far Donald Trump signs revised order, excluding Iraq from travel ban PHOTOS 2017 Oscars: Best of red carpet President Trump: The first 100 days Emma Watson's red carpet style In photos: Manish Arora show at Paris Fashion Week Trump's Cabinet members sworn in 2017 Spirit Awards Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Extreme NASA secures up to five more seats on Russian Soyuz missions NASA secures up to five more seats on Russian Soyuz missions By Ryan Whitwam on March 3, 2017 at 7:30 am Comment NASA is hoping to begin sending astronauts up to the International Space Station in the coming years with the aid of private space firms like SpaceX and Boeing. However, the agency is planning for the worst and securing an alternate means of transport. No, the Shuttle isn’t being brought out of mothball. NASA has inked a deal with Russian space agency Roscosmos (via Boeing) for as many as five more seats on Soyuz capsules. Boeing acted as an intermediary for NASA on this deal, which covers two confirmed seats for launches in March and September of 2018. That’s before the expected start of the Commercial Crew Program that will see the SpaceX Dragon 2 and Boeing CST-100 take humans into space on ISS runs. There have been a few delays in these programs, so NASA is hedging its bets. The two confirmed round-trip seats will cost NASA $74.7 million. But hey, that includes checked luggage! This figure is slightly less than the $81.7 million Russia got the last time the agency booked travel in 2015. The savings are largely thanks to Boeing’s involvement. Russia recently decided to lower its ISS crew complement from three to two cosmonauts, which freed up some spots. Boeing got access to the seats as part of a long-running legal battle with Russian space contractor RSC Energia. The American firm was apparently willing to let them go for less than Russia would have. What about the other three seats? NASA has the option to buy them, if there’s a need. These will be for launches in 2019 and beyond. At that time, the Commercial Crew Program should be up and running. The first manned test flights of Dragon 2 and CST-100 for NASA are currently targeting the middle of 2018 for manned flights, but that schedule might not hold. SpaceX Dragon V2 In the event these spacecraft are not ready by 2019, NASA will have those three extra seats available for purchase. One or two of them might go to astronauts from the ESA, JAXA, or another spaceflight partner for which NASA handles transport to the ISS. NASA and Roscosmos have agreed on a “ride-sharing” arrangement when the Commercial Crew Program is up and running. At least one American will be on each Soyuz launch and one Russian will be on each SpaceX or Boeing launch. This ensures at least one crew member from each nation is on the ISS at all times. The cost for NASA to reach the ISS should go down dramatically when it can buy seats from SpaceX and Boeing. Tagged In science space nasa spacex international space station iss russia Boeing soyuz Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Future Windows 10 updates will require 35-65% less space, offer better Windows Update controls Mar 6 The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild really struggles on the Wii U Mar 6 NASA proposes building artificial magnetic field to restore Mars’ atmosphere Mar 6 The Nintendo Switch can’t back up saved games, has no dead pixel warranty, and shouldn’t be used near aquariums Mar 6 ET deals: Save 33% on Acronis True Image 2017 Mar 6 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Amazon Web Services makes another deal, acquiring Thinkbox media rendering tech company GeekWire Deals: This Python 3 Bootcamp will jumpstart your coding education Major League Baseball is first to allow the use of a device to collect player biometrics in games Geared Up! The new Xbox Game Pass, and the future of smartphone design Twitch ‘Pulse’ adds Facebook-like social media tool to streaming giant’s front page IBM and Salesforce connect Watson and Einstein in new artificial intelligence alliance Yahoo launches text-based chatbot called Captain to help organize family schedules Dick’s Drive-In lovers crash the Seattle burger joint’s website trying to cast votes for next location ThinkGeek opening another Washington state store with Tacoma Mall location coming this spring Netflix will reportedly launch a choose-your-own-adventure show later this year Expedia to keep satellite office in hometown of Bellevue after departing for Seattle in 2019 IBM plans to deliver ‘industry first’ quantum computers via the cloud NY Knicks nix music and video during game — does NBA basketball look and sound better this way? One giant leap: Jeff Bezos shows off Blue Origin’s shiny new BE-4 rocket engine Seattle Genetics cancer drug clinical trials will go forward after FDA lifts hold Amazon closes cable store that resold packages from Comcast and Frontier Microsoft Azure adds new data analytics, voice and facial recognition to its government cloud Trump’s revised immigration order will suspend travel from six majority Muslim nations but won’t bar visa-holders or Iraqis uZoom raises more cash to grow 1-to-1 live streaming platform with new e-commerce play The spectacular characters and ridiculously awesome cosplay of Emerald City Comicon Amazon explains big AWS outage, says employee error took servers offline, promises changes Amazon Web Services outage reveals critical lack of redundancy across the internet Inside Tableau’s new Seattle HQ: An ode to data visualization, collaboration and landscaped dog art Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Report: Amazon plans to bring Alexa and cloud-based deep learning tools to call centers Amazon quiet on big AWS outage, but an explanation could come soon Update: AWS cloud storage back online after outage cripples popular sites How the tech industry uses H-1B visas and what could change under President Trump Seattle’s population is growing at nearly double the rate of Silicon Valley but it still lags behind as an innovation hub Citing schedule slips, Spaceflight rebooks 89 satellites on SpaceX’s launch list Tech vet revs up The Shop, a club for car lovers with a new Ethan Stowell restaurant under the hood Microsoft’s ‘Azure Stack’ for on-premises servers will use pay-as-you-go cloud pricing model Jeff Bezos and Blue Origin propose ‘Amazon-like’ delivery to the moon in 2020 Watch Uber CEO Travis Kalanick have it out with a driver over the direction of the company Amazon wins 3 Oscars in a first for streaming studio — and Jeff Bezos gets a fun shout-out Startup Spotlight: VendorHawk makes software for the new world of SaaS Microsoft employees donate a record $142M to non-profits, and have a lot of fun along the way Chemotherapy, surgery and David Bowie: How music helps cancer patients heal In new immigration twist, U.S. suspends option to pay for faster H-1B visa processing Startup Spotlight: LevelTen Energy makes it easier for corporations to buy clean power Trending: Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Space & Science Boeing OKs buyouts for 1,800 union workers, and more job cuts are expected by Alan Boyle on March 2, 2017 at 5:44 pmMarch 4, 2017 at 8:34 pm Comments   Share  88 Tweet Share  5 Reddit Email Buy tickets to the GeekWire Bash here! Boeing has approved the first wave of voluntary layoffs for union workers. (GeekWire Photo) Boeing has approved buyouts for  more than 1,800 union workers, marking the start of a new round of job reductions that’s expected to continue through the year. The voluntary layoffs include 1,500 machinists and 305 engineers, representatives of the workers’ unions told GeekWire today. Boeing Commercial Airplanes is reducing non-union positions as well, but the company isn’t providing numbers for those classifications. The company said in December that it would have to continue last year’s downward trend in employment to stay competitive with Airbus, its European aerospace rival. Last year’s job reductions amounted to about 8 percent of the workforce in Boeing’s commercial airplane division, going from roughly 82,500 to a little more than 76,000 employees by the end of 2016. The reductions were achieved through voluntary and involuntary layoffs as well as attrition. About 1,200 engineers were laid off during all of last year, said Bill Dugovich, a spokesman for the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace, or SPEEA. He said 350 of those layoffs were involuntary. Dugovich expects this year’s totals to be about the same. “We know there’s going to be more,” he said. A spokeswoman for Machinists Union District 751, Connie Kelliher, said her union doesn’t know how many more will be laid off this year. She said about 1,000 machinists took voluntary buyouts last year, but there were no forced layoffs. The 1,800-plus buyouts that were approved as of the end of February will take effect over the course of the rest of the year, typically starting in April. Laid-off machinists are to receive one week’s pay for every year of service, up to 26 weeks of pay, plus six months of standard medical benefits, Kelliher said. Engineers will get similar levels of severance pay, but typically only three months of standard medical benefits. Those who are laid off due to a shift in work location could get more, Dugovich said. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Tickets are now on sale for our biggest event of the year: The GeekWire 6th Anniversary Bash on March 15th. The GeekWire Bash has it all: ping-pong, dodgeball, foosball, beer pong, video games, arcades, tricycle races, sumo wrestling, drinks, table top games, massages, a beer dispensing robot, cornhole and MORE. Get your tickets today for Seattle’s biggest, geekiest tech party! Comments Share  88 Tweet Share  5 Reddit Email Previous StoryStartup Spotlight: VendorHawk makes software for the new world of SaaS Next StoryJeff Bezos and Blue Origin propose ‘Amazon-like’ delivery to the moon in 2020 Filed Under: Science • Transportation  Tagged With: aerospace • Aviation • Boeing • Employment GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Boeing takes steps to trim 4,000 jobs; more layoffs may be on the way After 8 percent reduction, Boeing plans more job cuts amid shift in airplane market Boeing plans to ‘reduce employment’ as it looks to cut costs Boeing names next CEO for commercial airplanes and sets up aviation services unit Previous StoryStartup Spotlight: VendorHawk makes software for the new world of SaaS Next StoryJeff Bezos and Blue Origin propose ‘Amazon-like’ delivery to the moon in 2020 Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: This Python 3 Bootcamp will jumpstart your coding education GeekWire Deals: Finally, watch Netflix, Hulu, HBO, and more—offline—with PlayOn Most Popular on GeekWire Amazon explains big AWS outage, says employee error took servers offline, promises changes Amazon Web Services outage reveals critical lack of redundancy across the internet Inside Tableau’s new Seattle HQ: An ode to data visualization, collaboration and landscaped dog art Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Senior Mobile EngineerDistiller Software Engineer – ToolsOfferUp E-commerce ManagerPacific Market International (PMI) × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More ERP Financials: Insight into Bridging Business & Technology Read More MicroSynbiotiX wins Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More ERP Financials: Insight into Bridging Business & Technology Read More MicroSynbiotiX wins Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Blue Origin's latest rocket engine is finally complete NASA proposes guarding Mars' atmosphere with a magnetic shield Moon mission will test an anti-radiation vest for astronauts Latest in Science Google's AI-powered translator works with three more languages 6h ago View Robots could wear flesh to help form transplants 9h ago View AI predicts how athletes will react in certain situations 10h ago View Public Access' time is done, but a better Engadget community awaits 13h ago View Image credit: Virgin Orbit save Save share Virgin Galactic forms new company for low-cost smallsat launches The new spinoff called 'Virgin Orbit' will be based on the LauncherOne system. Mariella Moon, @mariella_moon 03.03.17 in Space Comments 376 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Virgin Orbit Richard Branson's Virgin Group now has three private space companies. The newest addition is called Virgin Orbit, and it will focus on low-cost small satellite launches based on the company's LauncherOne system. If you'll recall, LauncherOne uses a two-stage rocket dropped from a carrier aircraft. Its earlier iterations could only carry up to 500 pounds of payload. Orbit will use a modified Boeing 747 called "Cosmic Girl" that'll allow the system to ferry a bigger rocket with heavier cargo to Low Earth Orbit. The new company already has a 180,000-square-foot manufacturing facility in Long Beach, California that employs 200 employees, since LauncherOne has been operating under Virgin Galactic for quite some time now. Virgin Orbit, however, will be headed by Dan Hart, who was with Boeing for 34 years before Branson's group recruited him. He served as Boeing's Vice President of Government Satellite Systems, leading the development of various aerospace products. Branson said his company has been striving to make space more accessible "by manufacturing vehicles of the future, enabling the small satellite revolution and preparing commercial space flight for many more humans to reach space and see our home planet." Going forward, Virgin Galactic will focus on human spaceflight as Orbit takes over smallsat launches. The Spaceship Company, Virgin Group's other space venture, will continue designing and testing aerospace vehicles. Virgin Group promises to reveal more info about its new spinoff in the coming months, complete with new websites to establish Orbit's brand identity. Source: Virgin Galactic (1), (2) In this article: richardbranson, science, smallsatellites, space, virgingalactic, virginorbit 376 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in Internet New York Times reporters' tweets will appear in its paper edition But not on the site (yet). By D. Lumb,  1h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in AV How to stop the Nintendo Switch's Joy-Con from losing sync All it takes is a soldering iron, a piece of wire and a little bravery. By T. Seppala,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in AV How Sonos made the new Playbase sound a lot better than it should It took three years to figure out how to get great audio from this pizza box of a speaker. By N. Ingraham,  4h ago save Save share View 4h 7 4h ago in Transportation VW's 'Sedric' self-driving car could chauffer you or strangers All it takes to summon Sedric is a press of The Button. By T. Seppala,  4h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Business The Switch is the fastest-selling console in Nintendo history And 'Zelda' is the best-selling launch title the company's ever seen. By T. Seppala,  5h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Snapchat IPO CERAWeek SXSW Trader Talk CNBC Disruptor 50 Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Transportation Boeing gets 1,880 union workers to take voluntary layoffs Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 3:59 AM ETReuters SHARES Getty Images A Boeing ground test crew member examines a Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Boeing Co has accepted 1,880 voluntary layoffs from its union machinists and engineers in the Seattle area, the unions said on Thursday, part of the jet maker's drive to cut costs through job reductions and other measures. Boeing's machinists union, the touch labor that builds airplanes near Seattle, said about 1,575 workers had taken voluntary layoffs by the deadline in February. Boeing's white-collar union said Boeing accepted 305 members for voluntary layoffs in January. Last year, Boeing cut about 1,200 white-collar union jobs - 850 through voluntary layoffs and 350 through involuntary reductions, said Bill Dugovich, spokesman for the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace. "Boeing has told us to expect about the same number of total layoffs in 2017 as 2016," he said. The job reductions had been announced last year and workers had until Feb. 1 to apply. "These are all voluntary, where people planned to retire or had other plans," said Connie Kelliher, a spokeswoman for the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751. Cost-cutting drive Boeing said it did not have a specific target number for its job reductions at the commercial airplane unit but was sticking with the broad plan of reducing jobs it outlined in December. "We are reducing costs and aligning employment levels to business and market requirements," spokesman Paul Bergman said. "Employment reductions will come through a combination of attrition, leaving open positions unfilled, voluntary layoff program and in some cases, involuntary layoffs." Boeing offered the buyouts to workers last year as part of an 8 percent workforce reduction at its commercial airplane business. The unit had about 74,600 workers at the end of February. Boeing said in December it would cut an as-yet-undetermined number of jobs in 2017. No machinists have had involuntary layoffs for several years, Kelliher said. Boeing's shares closed down 0.5 percent at $182.99 on the New York Stock Exchange. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA ---
   English | Malay | Mandarin | | Español ABOUT BERNAMA Organisation Management Committee Who's who BERNAMA Services Client's Charter Helpdesk Organisation Chart Map to BERNAMA GENERAL General Main News List State News 1Malaysia Perspectives On Current Issues POLITICS Politic Main News List N03 Tanjung Datu By-Election BUSINESS Business Main News List Markets SPORTS Sports Main News List FEATURES Features Main News List WORLD World Main NAM News Network (NNN) News List E-NEWSLETTER WEB TV ARCHIVED INFOGRAPHICS Microsite ›› Banking & Finance   • Auto   • Aviation   • Maritime   • Education   • Property   • Youth   • eBiz  S News Who's Who WORLD › NEWS Boeing Opens Office In Kenya As It Expands Presence In Africa NAIROBI, March 3 (BERNAMA-NNN-KBC) -- United States plane maker Boeing Company will be opening two new offices in Kenya and South Africa, marking a significant milestone for the company as it continues to expand its international presence. The Nairobi office will be headed by Chamsou Andjorin as Director for Government Affairs and Market Development. J. Miguel Santos, the Managing Director for sub-Saharan Africa, and Director of International Sales, Africa for Boeing Commercial Airplanes, will head the two new offices and is based in Johannesburg. A Boeing statement quoted Santos as saying that taking the necessary steps to establish a firm presence on the continent was an obvious choice. "Africa is not new territory for Boeing. Since the introduction of the jet airplane, Boeing aircraft have formed the backbone of the continent's commercial fleet and Boeing continues to be one of the largest US-based companies doing business on the continent," he added. "The aerospace industry needs to start paying closer attention to Africa, because this continent is clearly on the move economically and all the trends are pointing in the right direction for the expansion of the sector. Our job is to be ahead in understanding these emerging trends and opportunities." Boeing International was established in 2001 and is responsible for the company's international strategy and corporate operations outside the United States. -- BERNAMA-NNN-KBC >> Newslist Previous Top Stories North Korea's Decision Only Worsens The Situation - Najib PM Condemns North Korea For Effectively Holding Malaysians Hostage North Korean Embassy Officials, Staff Prohibited From Leaving Malaysia - Ahmad Zahid Other News Headlines Shafie Apdal Ignored Aspiration Of Malaysians In Sabah, Claims UPKO Youth- politic Melaka To Benefit From Economic Growth - Chief Minister- business Malaysia Whip Fiji 11-1 To March Into WHL R2 Quarterfinals In Dhaka- sports MQA Now Decides On The Recognition Of Qualifications- features Indian Nationals 'Wary' Of Migrating To US- world Most Read News North Korea's Decision Only Worsens The Situation - Najib Police Believe Suspects In Jong-nam's Murder Still At North Korean Embassy 'Hadi's Bill' Listed In Order Paper Of Dewan Rakyat Home | Sitemap | Contact Us | General | Politics | Business | Sports | Features | World | Full News List | Archived News | RSS Feeds © 2017 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| Security Policy This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 35.0.1 & Internet Explorer 8.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution Contact us 03-26939933 | E-mail helpdesk@bernama.com
Mon, 27 February 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Boeing Data Analytics to Support Management of flydubai 737 MAX Fleet flydubai is to add Software Distribution Tools to the list of Boeing services the airline utilizes to enhance maintenance and engineering operations across its growing 737 fleet. The agreement, which extends to flydubai’s 737 MAXs, builds on flydubai’s current implementation of Boeing’s Airplane Health Management on the airline’s Next-Generation 737s and 737 MAXs. “Boeing’s Airplane Health Management and other software tools allow flydubai to proactively initiate planning for necessary repairs, strengthening the efficiency of our 737 fleet operations,” said Mick Hills, Senior Vice President, Engineering and Maintenance at flydubai. “By reducing the maintenance and ground time for our fleet, these solutions ultimately help to benefit on-time arrivals and departures for our customers.” Boeing Software Distribution Tools included in the new agreement include the Loadable Software Airplane Parts Librarian and software management solutions that provide cost savings by enhancing the efficiency of flydubai maintenance operations. flydubai operates an all-Boeing fleet of Next-Generation 737-800s. The airline took delivery of its 50th airplane in September 2015, and is continuing to expand its fleet. In January 2014, the airline announced an order for 75 737MAXs, with the first delivery scheduled this year. See other recent news regarding: flydubai, Boeing, Solutions. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Renaissance Resort to Open in Pattaya Dusit Signs Wetland Park Resort in Nanjing Accor to Take Over 26 Hotels in Brazil Air Cargo: FTKs Up 6.9% in January 2017 Peninsula Appoints Dir. of Global Comms Executive Appointments at Yotel 2nd Global 7000 Joins Flight Test Program Travix Appoints VP Customer Ops New Hotel Adds 587 Rooms to Impact Muang Thong Thani Smiths Detection to Enhance Security at Kansai Airport Al Bait Sharjah to Open Q4 2017 Peninsula Appoints VP of Marketing Jack Bain's Bar at 137 Pillars House in Chiang Mai SITA to Enhance Aeromexico's Network Connectivity QinetiQ Orders Four Airbus H125s Thai Airways Waives Ticket Change Surcharge Saab Signs Deal with NATS to Deliver Remote Tower Demonstrator Renowned Architect Relaunches Luxury Bali Resort Amadeus Makes Rail Travel More Accessible Lockheed Hybrid Aircraft Targets China Prague Airport to Upgrade Communications Movenpick Signs New Hotel in Saudi Arabia Precision Aviation Expands Inventory for AW139 Boeing Proposes MH-139 as UH-1N Huey Replacement Diethelm Appoints Group Product & Contracting Director airberlin Appoints SVP Commercial Strategy & Distribution Beneteau Establishes RHQ in Hong Kong Delta Launches New Boarding Process in Atlanta Emirates to Upgrade A380 Experience Accor Opens First Mercure Hotel in KL A321neo Powered by CFM LEAP-1A Engines Receives TC Finnair, Skyscanner and Amadeus Join Forces EgyptAir and Etihad Airways to Codeshare airberlin Appoints Chief Commercial Officer Solar Power for Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal FCS Relocates Global HQ to Singapore Air Caraibes Receives First A350-900 Dusit Thani Extends Bangkok Lease; Unveils New Plans King's Cup Elephant Polo to Take Place in Bangkok 9-12 March Singapore Pilots Account-Based Ticketing System for Public Transport Korean Air Unveils First B787-9 Movenpick Opens Serviced Apartments in Bangkok, Thailand First Anantara Hotel in Europe to Open 1 April Travelport Receives NDC Aggregator Cert from IATA Mexico Attracted 35 Million Int. Arrivals in 2016 Ascott Marunouchi Tokyo to Open 30 March APAC Airlines Carried 26.8m Pax in January Pan Pacific Appoints CEO Hong Kong Airlines Appoints CMO Radisson Blu Opens in Jammu, India Aviary Bintaro Hotel Appoints GM pentahotels Appoints Corporate Director of Revenue Management Elbit to Exhibit at Air Warfare Symposium Wyndham Takes Over Hotel in Surabaya MHG Signs First Hotel in South Korea Garuda's Citilink Gets First A320neo Ascott Opens lyf@SMU Boeing to Support flydubai's Fleet CWT Appoints VP Customer Experience Delta Appoints Vice President - Seattle TG Says It's Prepared for Runway Repairs Sophie Hulgard Joins Carlson Wagonlit Travel Keeping Business Travelers Satisfied Korean Air Takes Delivery of First B787-9 APAC Hotels Report RevPAR Increase ATR Opens Training Center in Miami CNF Airport Implements Arinc Solutions Qatar to Launch Yanbu and Tabuk Flights Peach Aviation Partners AsiaPay Thai Lion Air Partners Amadeus RBH Takes Over Hotel in Blackpool, England IATA Welcomes Entry into Force of WTO TFA Randy Smith Receives HSMAI's 2016 Albert E. Koehl Award IONSCAN 600 Receives CAAC Approval India's Zoom Air Takes Delivery of CRJ200 HSH Breaks Ground on Peninsula Hotel in Yangon United Airlines Launches Basic Economy Spa Carriage Added to Belmond Royal Scotsman Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR for Hotels in USA Grand Europa Hotel to Become W Prague Boeing to Provide UAE with C-17 Support Travelodge Appoints COO - U.K. and Spain Vietjet to Establish Center of Aviation Technology in Saigon Super Bowl 51 Gives Hotels in Houston CBD 851% RevPAR Boost New Satellite to Increase APAC Connectivity airberlin to Expand Fleet with Three A330-200s Exec Appointments at Mantra Group Hotel Cosmo Kuala Lumpur Appoints GM Kenya Airways Signs B787-8 Deal with Etihad Mapletree Acquires Oakwood Worldwide JAL and China Airlines to Expand Codeshare Flights Mantra Rebrands Airlie Beach Hotel in Australia Emirates Adds Advanced Paid Seating to Travelport Hard Rock Signs First Hotel in China Disney Explorers Lodge in HK to Open April SpiceRoads Launches Kyushu Onsen to Onsen B787-10 to Take Off in Coming Weeks Dusit Appoints Two Vice Presidents Ananda Hua Hin Appoints Tovey as GM Show More Travel News Boeing Defence Australia Appoints MD Melia Signs Fifth Hotel in Vietnam Air Canada Launches Montreal-Shanghai Flights Juneyao Airlines Orders Five Boeing 787-9s Thailand - Japan MICE Road Show in March Paul Stevens Appointed CEO of Accor Plus Air India Takes Delivery of First A320neo HK Airlines Introduces New Amenity Kits Delta to Expand Free Meal Service in USA Akaryn Appoints Cluster GM in Phuket Vietjet Reports 2016 Revenue of US$1.21 Billion Movenpick Residences Ekkamai Appoints RM Dusit and Prince Hotels Launch Staff Exchange Programme 598,952 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract Air Astana to Increase London Flights Garuda to Launch Jakarta - Moscow Flights Honeywell to Implement New Airfield Lighting at Changi Airbus to Transfer Four Test Aircraft to Museums Jet Airways to Use Fuel Efficiency Software Air Canada Signs New Deal with Travelport 4,763 Hotels Under Contract in U.S.A. Vietjet to Launch Danang - Seoul Flights Tourism Accelerators Accepting Projects in Mekong Region Air Canada to Increase Tel Aviv Flights Delta to Acquire More Aeromexico Shares H.I.S. to Adopt Amadeus cytric Travel & Expense Qatar to Launch Skopje Flights in June Murcia Hosts Conference on Smart Destinations 308-Room Hotel G Singapore Grand Opens JAL to Open Renovated Sakura Lounge in Bangkok Avis Signs New Travelport Deal Gulf Air's FFP Partners Agoda PointsMax Cebu Pacific Flew Over 19m Pax in 2016 Hurawalhi Island Resort Opens in Maldives Movenpick Hotel Doha Appoints GM Hahn Air Signs Interline Agreement with Eurostar Roland de Bonadona to Receive Lifetime Achievement Award Cebu Pacific Takes Delivery of ATR 72-600 with Titanium Seats Hawaii Island Air Signs Smart Parts Deal for Q400 Viajes El Corte Ingles Commits to Global Code of Ethics for Tourism Hudson Theatre in New York Reopens AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17s Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Renaissance Resort to Open in Pattaya Dusit Signs Wetland Park Resort in Nanjing Accor to Take Over 26 Hotels in Brazil Air Cargo: FTKs Up 6.9% in January 2017 Peninsula Appoints Dir. of Global Comms Executive Appointments at Yotel 2nd Global 7000 Joins Flight Test Program Travix Appoints VP Customer Ops New Hotel Adds 587 Rooms to Impact Muang Thong Thani Smiths Detection to Enhance Security at Kansai Airport Al Bait Sharjah to Open Q4 2017 Peninsula Appoints VP of Marketing Jack Bain's Bar at 137 Pillars House in Chiang Mai Redesigned SITA to Enhance Aeromexico's Network Connectivity QinetiQ Orders Four Airbus H125s Thai Airways Waives Ticket Change Surcharge NATS in Remote Tower Demonstrator Deal with Saab Renowned Architect Relaunches Luxury Bali Resort Amadeus Makes Rail Travel More Accessible Lockheed Hybrid Aircraft Targets China Prague Airport to Upgrade Communications Movenpick Signs New Hotel in Saudi Arabia Precision Aviation Expands Inventory for AW139 Boeing Proposes MH-139 as UH-1N Huey Replacement Diethelm Appoints Group Product & Contracting Director airberlin Appoints SVP Commercial Strategy & Distribution Beneteau Establishes RHQ in Hong Kong Delta Launches New Boarding Process in Atlanta Emirates to Upgrade A380 Experience Accor Opens First Mercure Hotel in KL A321neo Powered by CFM LEAP-1A Engines Receives TC Finnair, Skyscanner and Amadeus Join Forces EgyptAir and Etihad Airways to Codeshare airberlin Appoints Chief Commercial Officer Solar Power for Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal FCS Relocates Global HQ to Singapore Air Caraibes Receives First A350-900 Dusit Thani Extends Bangkok Lease; Unveils New Plans King's Cup Elephant Polo to Take Place in Bangkok 9-12 March Singapore Pilots New Ticketing System for Public Transport Korean Air Unveils First Boeing 787-9 Movenpick Opens Serviced Apartments in Bangkok, Thailand First Anantara Hotel in Europe to Open 1 April Travelport Receives NDC Aggregator Cert Mexico Attracted 35 Million Arrivals in 2016 Ascott Marunouchi Tokyo to Open 30/3 APAC Airlines Carried 26.8m Pax in January Pan Pacific Appoints CEO Hong Kong Airlines Appoints CMO Radisson Blu Opens in Jammu, India Aviary Bintaro Hotel Appoints GM pentahotels Appoints Corporate Director of Revenue Management Elbit to Exhibit at Air Warfare Symposium Wyndham Takes Over Hotel in Surabaya MHG Signs First Hotel in South Korea Garuda's Citilink Gets First A320neo Ascott Opens lyf@SMU Boeing to Support flydubai's Fleet CWT Appoints VP Customer Experience Delta Appoints Vice President - Seattle TG Says It's Prepared for Runway Repairs Sophie Hulgard Joins Carlson Wagonlit Travel Keeping Business Travelers Satisfied Korean Air Takes Delivery of First B787-9 APAC Hotels Report RevPAR Increase ATR Opens Training Center in Miami CNF Airport Implements Arinc Solutions Qatar to Launch Yanbu and Tabuk Flights Peach Aviation Partners AsiaPay Thai Lion Air Partners Amadeus RBH Takes Over Hotel in Blackpool, England IATA Welcomes Entry into Force of WTO TFA Randy Smith Receives HSMAI's 2016 Albert E. Koehl Award IONSCAN 600 Receives CAAC Approval India's Zoom Air Takes Delivery of CRJ200 HSH Breaks Ground on Peninsula Hotel in Yangon United Airlines Launches Basic Economy Spa Carriage Added to Belmond Royal Scotsman Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR for Hotels in USA Grand Europa Hotel to Become W Prague Boeing to Provide UAE with C-17 Support Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Manufacturers > Boeing CEO Muilenburg lauds Trump’s ‘engagement’ with aviation Boeing CEO Muilenburg lauds Trump’s ‘engagement’ with aviation Mar 2, 2017 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 US Chamber of Commerce president and CEO Thomas Donohue and Boeing chairman, president and CEO Dennis Muilenburg US Chamber of Commerce/Twitter Related Media Photo Gallery: Boeing rolls out first 787-10 Advertisement Boeing chairman, president and CEO Dennis Muilenburg praised US President Donald Trump at the US Chamber of Commerce Aviation Summit in Washington DC March 2, describing him as “very much engaged with industry … [with] a great curiosity and a great affinity for airplanes and aerospace.” Muilenburg hosted the president Feb. 17 at Boeing’s North Charleston, SC plant for the rollout of the new 787-10. “The fact that we’re having this open dialogue, and business has a voice at the table, and he’s taking on things that are going to make it better for business and economic growth—things like tax reform, regulatory reform and trade policy—these are all things that are going to be good for business,” Muilenburg said. “Being able to have that open dialogue [with] somebody who listens and engages—I think it was a very good opportunity. So we’re encouraged by that. And it was also a chance to show the value of aerospace on some of [his] economic initiatives.” “With the new administration coming onboard some of the opportunities to make the right political decisions—things like tax reform, trade policy, things that will enable aerospace growth—those are really important things to do,” Muilenburg said. “[With] engagement by all of us to get a few really important things done that allow us to invest in aerospace, to grow jobs, we have a window to do that.” Muilenburg also discussed the president’s opinion on Air Force One: “We have had a few conversations about Air Force One, including the current jet as well as the next generation Air Force One. Those have been very productive conversations. What I like is his direct engagement on the new Air Force One—talking about how we streamline requirements and certification, to get a better airplane, get it sooner, and to get it at lower cost.” “[These are] all good objectives,” Muilenburg said. “In fact it aligns with what we are trying to do more broadly and regulatory reform and how do we leverage things like commercial certification for military jets. I think that’s a great example of how we can drive efficiency and drive more economic growth.” Additionally, Muilenburg offered an assessment on Boeing’s investment in overseas manufacturing, particularly in China. “Just as we invest in jobs here in the US, we invest around the world to create sustainable presence in depth and that’s what I like to think of as a model of sustainable, value-added smart globalization,” Muilenburg said. “It’s the kind of investment that allows us to grow in the world while we grow here.” “In China we’re standing up the 737 finishing center and what that will do is take delivery of airplanes from our US manufacturing lines and then outfit them in final form for seats and paint for our Chinese customers,” Muilenburg said. “Now that’s value-added presence and depth in China. [And] it’s value-added depth here in the US and its part of what fuels our 737 production line and it’s a way for us to add job and grow around the world. That’s the kind of smart, sustainable globalization we like to think of. Globalization is not about moving jobs out of the US, it’s about making the right smart investment so we can grow jobs around the world.” “I think that kind of relationship with China, with a trade policy that supports it, is one that enables mutual growth. It’s good. It’s good for all of us,” Muilenburg said. “[If] we take a look at the future of the commercial airplane market over the next 20 years, we believe the world will need north of 39,000 new commercial airplanes. Around 6,800 of those are in China. It’s a very important market for the future and growing in China and sustaining the aerospace industry in China also allows us to grow jobs and add jobs in the US. It’s one of the reasons we’re ramping up our 737 production line.” Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing names GE’s McAllister new Commercial Airplanes CEO   Commercial aircraft manufacturers remain bullish on Latin America   Airbus, Boeing log nearly $62 billion in airliner deals at Farnborough   Boeing posts $2.3 billion 3Q profit, boosts 2016 revenue guidance   Boeing’s Conner: Ex-Im Bank supports 1.4 million US aerospace jobs 2   Blogs & Commentary Mar 1, 2017 blog 10 good and bad indicators for US aviation under Trump It’s still early days in the US Trump administration, but here’s a few thoughts on the outlook for aviation, good and bad, given what little we have seen and heard so far....More Mar 1, 2017 blog Is European aviation broken? When parking costs more than your flight, it’s clear something is fundamentally wrong with the European airline business model....More Feb 27, 2017 blog Express cargo’s big shift Express cargo companies are scrambling to keep up with the e-commerce monster they helped spawn....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Mar 3, 2017 Article American’s Parker: Gulf carriers threaten US hub-and-spoke system In another indication that there is a renewed push against the expansion of the major Gulf carriers in the US, American Airlines chairman and CEO Doug Parker said he was “highly confident” that the new Trump administration would address the issue....More Mar 3, 2017 Article JetBlue, Alaska, Atlas push back against US majors on Gulf issue The CEOs of JetBlue Airways, Alaska Airlines and Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings continue to push back against American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and United Airlines on the issue of alleged Gulf airline subsidies....More Mar 2, 2017 Article Boeing CEO Muilenburg lauds Trump’s ‘engagement’ with aviation Boeing chairman, president and CEO Dennis Muilenburg praised US President Donald Trump at the US Chamber of Commerce Aviation Summit in Washington DC March 2, describing him as “very much engaged with industry … [with] a great curiosity and a great affinity for airplanes and aerospace.”...More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home World news Boeing gets 1,880 union workers to take voluntary layoffs Boeing gets 1,880 union workers to take voluntary layoffs Boeing has accepted 1,880 voluntary layoffs from its union machinists and engineers in the Seattle area, the unions said. By: Reuters | New Delhi | Published: March 3, 2017 5:45 AM Boeing’s machinists union, the touch labor that builds airplanes near Seattle, said about 1,575 workers had taken voluntary layoffs by the deadline in February. (Reuters)Boeing Co (BA.N) has accepted 1,880 voluntary layoffs from its union machinists and engineers in the Seattle area, the unions said on Thursday, part of the jet maker’s drive to cut costs through job reductions and other measures. Boeing’s white-collar union said Boeing accepted 305 members for voluntary layoffs in January. Last year, Boeing cut about 1,200 white-collar union jobs – 850 through voluntary layoffs and 350 through involuntary reductions, said Bill Dugovich, spokesman for the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace. “Boeing has told us to expect about the same number of total layoffs in 2017 as 2016,” he said. The job reductions had been announced last year and workers had until Feb. 1 to apply. “These are all voluntary, where people planned to retire or had other plans,” said Connie Kelliher, a spokeswoman for the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751. Boeing said it did not have a specific target number for its job reductions at the commercial airplane unit but was sticking with the broad plan of reducing jobs it outlined in December. “We are reducing costs and aligning employment levels to business and market requirements,” spokesman Paul Bergman said. “Employment reductions will come through a combination of attrition, leaving open positions unfilled, voluntary layoff program and in some cases, involuntary layoffs.” You may also like to watch this video Boeing offered the buyouts to workers last year as part of an 8 percent workforce reduction at its commercial airplane business. The unit had about 74,600 workers at the end of February. Boeing said in December it would cut an as-yet-undetermined number of jobs in 2017. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Jammu and Kashmir: 12 terrorists raid policeman's house in Shopian Medanta air ambulance crash: Naresh Trehan expresses grief Indo-Israel ties set to grow with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit Panama papers leak: Supreme Court asks Centre to file reports in four weeks Show zero tolerance towards 'State-sponsored terror': India to IORA Two-thirds Indians have to pay bribe, highest in Asia Pacific: Survey 3D-printed, lifelike blood vessel network created Donald Trump's travel ban not against Muslims: US officials Jammu and Kashmir: Contractual NHM employees protest in Srinagar; police use water canons Sourav Ganguly attacks Ravi Shastri again, says 'maybe he never saw me lead the team' Egypt's Eman Ahmed ready to shed the tag of world's heaviest woman, loses 120 kg in less than a month  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Assembly Elections 2017 News नारियल जूस या अनानास: राहुल गांधी का मजाक उड़ाने की कोशिश में गलती कर गए पीएम मोदी और अमित शाह, देखें वीडियो मणिपुर : बीजेपी दफ्तर पर हमला, कार्यकर्ताओं ने लगाया कांग्रेस पर आरोप, कहा- यह उनकी बौखलाहट है देवरिया में अखिलेश का मोदी पर निशाना, पीएम की गोद तो इतनी बड़ी है कि सभी सहयोगी दलों को गोद में बिठाया Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire destroys home near Ridgefield Arrest made in child abduction at hospital Vancouver students march for immigrants, minorities Vancouver Public Schools inclement weather waiver granted Vancouver mom appears in court for drug case House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Man, 27, arrested in Washougal homicide investigation Triple-murder suspect Brent Luyster pleads not guilty Rain, snow mix delays schools, create slick roads Off Beat: Railway not just a place to make a living, but a place to live House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Southwest Washington lawmakers are determined to prove to their counterparts in Oregon that they are ready to revive conversations about… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Community notebook: Free tennis gear giveaway at VTC on Saturday, March 11 Local MMA fighter seeks to keep his star rising Gonzaga reaches 20th straight WCC final Buscher steps down as Skyview girls basketball coach Trail Blazers-Timberwolves game postponed by slick court Weekly high school sports schedule, March 6-11 A tweak here and there could improve RPI Closeness means more than a trophy to Union Stanford rallies past OSU to win Pac-12 tournament Clark draws Whatcom in NWAC Tournament opener Closeness means more than a trophy to Union The Titans don't play for hardware. They play for each other. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories GM eliminating shift at plant; 1,100 jobs affected Organization hosts event to help new entrepreneurs Third Parkrose Hardware open for business Self-storage facility proposed near Vancouver Mall Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier Losses for banks pull U.S. stocks further from record highs Google may have missed a big chance to become a major smartphone maker Trump cheers Exxon plan to spend $20 billion on Gulf Coast projects Make yourself at home in new office Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Vic LeGall is the quintessential Northwest outdoors enthusiast. He owned his own sailboat by age 12 and has enjoyed a… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle Chrissy Teigen reveals postpartum depression battle Vancouver man’s heart condition keeps him from ‘Ninja’ dream   Simone Biles to go for gold on ‘Dancing With Stars’ U.S. poet laureate says use your voice Brain cheers texting and driving ‘Zodiac’ still terrifying, relevant ‘Moonlight’ stars head from Oscars to school Battle Ground woman walks across Spain, twice, and finds her pace Don’t let giving give you a hassle Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle BANGKOK — Tossing coins in a fountain for luck is a popular superstition, but a similar belief brought misery to… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Time to Talk About Bridge Pitts: Newspapers have always had value as watchdogs Letter: Speak out against tyranny Letter: Continue to allow snow tires Letter: Work for liberty and justice for all Letter: Keep the air clean Letter: Beware progressive ideology In Our View: Oil Terminal Just a Bad Idea Jayne: Sky isn’t falling, it’s just dirtier under President Trump Ambrose: Trump moves forward Editorial Cartoons March 5-11 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has A Story: Snaking through canyon an adventure to remember Spotlight on youth Battle Ground schools get grant for new program An old club gets new life in Vancouver Volunteer Opportunities Nonprofit will award more than $1 million in scholarships this year Stonier brings family flag for Day of Remembrance VolunTEENS clean up community center Student youth group volunteers with St. Vincent de Paul High-schoolers head to court for mock trial tournament Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses Back-to-back spills of liquid substances in an alleyway in Uptown Village recently left some neighborhood businesses fuming. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Boeing’s Gresham factory to get more work By Mike Rogoway, The Oregonian Published: March 2, 2017, 3:53 PM A   A PORTLAND — Boeing said Thursday that its Gresham, Ore., factory will start making additional parts for three of its flagship jets, bringing work in house that had previously been done by a supplier in another country. The Gresham facility will start making a component known as a flap actuation system, used to extend and retract wing flaps during flight. Boeing says the parts add lift for take-off or increase drag when an aircraft needs to slow down. Boeing employs more than 1,600 at its 87-acre site along Northeast Sandy Boulevard. The new work won’t bring additional jobs, according to the company, but enables the site to maintain its current size. “As we gain in productivity each year, if you don’t bring new work in then your size shrinks,” said Don Hendrickson, a Boeing finance manager in Gresham. The decision to stop outsourcing the work reflects improved manufacturing technology within Boeing, according to Hendrickson. He said the company is continually adding capabilities to its equipment, and so it’s now more efficient to do some work internally than to hire contractors. Boeing declined to say where the flap actuation system had been made previously. Boeing operates in Gresham under three separate packages of local property tax exemptions, including one that took effect last year valued at more than $10 million. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Home Habari za Nyumbani Politics Business Immigration Live TV NTV LIVE KTN Live Citizen Live KISS TV K24 TV LIVE Inooro TV KASS TV Fountain TV TV Capital FM Videos Citizen TV Videos KTN Videos NTV Videos K24 Videos DIASPORA VOICE XYZ Show Radio Capital Kiss Homeboyz Kenyan Gospel HOT 96 FM Kameme Hope 90.7 TRUTH FM Inooro FM Kass Radio Maisha Radio Citizen Uptown West Musyi FM Events Community Parties Religious Obituaries Music Kenyan Music African Music Gospel Music Singles Search 71.7 F Dallas Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Submit OPED/BLOG Contact Us Jambonewspot.com Home Habari za Nyumbani Politics Business Immigration Live TV NTV LIVE KTN Live Citizen Live KISS TV K24 TV LIVE Inooro TV KASS TV Fountain TV TV Capital FM Videos Citizen TV Videos KTN Videos NTV Videos K24 Videos DIASPORA VOICE XYZ Show Radio Capital Kiss Homeboyz Kenyan Gospel HOT 96 FM Kameme Hope 90.7 TRUTH FM Inooro FM Kass Radio Maisha Radio Citizen Uptown West Musyi FM Events Community Parties Religious Obituaries Music Kenyan Music African Music Gospel Music Singles Home Business Boeing opens Nairobi and SA offices with eye on Africa deals Business Boeing opens Nairobi and SA offices with eye on Africa deals By Jambo - March 4, 2017 0 1096 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter US-based aerospace and defence company Boeing International is set to open a Nairobi office as it seeks to tap new Africa deals. Boeing, which has been weighing options of opening an office either in Kenya or Ethiopia to gain a foothold in the eastern Africa market, will also open another office in Johannesburg, South Africa. Chamsou Andjorin, the Boeing director of government affairs and market development, will head the Nairobi office while the Johannesburg office will be headed by Joao Miguel Santos, Boeing’s managing director for sub-Saharan Africa, a South African media report said. “Africa is not new territory for Boeing. Since the introduction of the jet airplane, Boeing aircraft have formed the backbone of the continent’s commercial fleet and Boeing continues to be one of the largest US-based companies doing business on the continent,” Mr Santos was quoted by South African media confirming the development. “The aerospace industry needs to start paying closer attention to Africa, because this continent is clearly on the move economically and all the trends are pointing in the right direction for the expansion of the sector. Our job is to be ahead in understanding these emerging trends and opportunities.” The US giant, which is the supplier of Kenya Airways and Ethiopian Airlines’ fleet of Dreamliners and other Boeing planes, had until now had a presence only in North Africa. Kenya and Ethiopia have recently been racing to attract foreign direct investments into their economies with creation of special economic zones and promises of lower costs of doing business including cheap electricity. “Talent and comparative advantage will guide us in our choice of location in the region,” said Boeing’s senior vice president Marc Allen on the sidelines of an American business forum in Nairobi in 2015. Mr Allen said the firm’s areas of interest include research, engineering and analytics. The world’s largest aerospace company projects Africa would be in need of 1,150 new airplanes over the next 20 years as the most recent Current Market Outlook report predicted that air traffic to and from the continent is expected to grow by about 6.1 per cent annually. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleKenya’s mobile money system MPESA vulnerable to illegal transactions, US warns Next articleUSCIS Will Temporarily Suspend Premium Processing for All H-1B Petitions Jambo RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business US giant GE fines Kenya Sh80m for delayed leasing equipment pay Business Ngong Road to get new design, one bridge, three footbridges Business Kenya’s mobile money system MPESA vulnerable to illegal transactions, US warns MOST POPULAR POSTS Kenyan couple In Louisiana charged with desertion after leaving 2 year-old in car while... Jambo - March 2, 2017 4 LAKE CHARLES - A Leesville, LA, couple was arrested after they left their two year-old sleeping in their car while they gambled at a... [VIDEO] Obama steps out in New York, crowd goes wild Jambo - February 24, 2017 0 Hundreds of onlookers caught a glimpse of former President Barack Obama who had just finished attending a meeting in New York and they could... He saw Sh200,000 fall from a bag in Nairobi. What he did next will... Jambo - March 6, 2017 0 By Jambonewspot.com reporter A Kenyan took to social media to express his/her gratitude for a stranger who saved them the loss of Ksh200,000. The unidentified person... Mshamba Marekani: Kenyan Cougars in the US luring young men arriving freshly from Kenya... Jambo - February 24, 2017 0 Mshamba Marekani is assailing those Kenyan cougars in the US who are destroying young men with potential just because they are innocent and desperate... Book your flight now, pay later PLOTS FOR SALE PADDY’S FARMERS CHOICE SAUSAGES Jambonewspot on Facebook MUNJUNI TAX SERVICES TRUCKING Live Traffic Feed Feedjit Widget EDITOR PICKS He saw Sh200,000 fall from a bag in Nairobi. What he... March 6, 2017 [PHOTOS] How the Nairobi and Mombasa railway terminals are coming up March 6, 2017 Trump eases up on travel ban with new executive order March 6, 2017 POPULAR POSTS Kenyan couple In Louisiana charged with desertion after leaving 2 year-old... March 2, 2017 [VIDEO] Obama steps out in New York, crowd goes wild February 24, 2017 He saw Sh200,000 fall from a bag in Nairobi. What he... March 6, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Habari za Nyumbani11419 Video1401 Diaspora News892 Business662 Obituaries310 Immigration261 Opinion215 Events190 Features172 ABOUT USServing the Kenya Diaspora News Needs Contact us: info@jambonewspot.com FOLLOW US © Copyright 2017 Jambonewspot.com RSS Feed MORE STORIES Kenya to go ahead with nuclear power plan August 25, 2015 How 23-year-old built one of Kenya’s top deal-making law firms March 26, 2015
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 3/4/2017 7:12 AM New Richard Branson venture dedicated to launching small satellites Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic has decided to break off its satellite launcher program into its own company called Virgin Orbit. Bloomberg photo by Chris Ratcliffe.   Christian Davenport The Washington Post     The celebrity space tourists that Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic plans to shoot into space in the coming years may get most of the attention. But over the past couple of years he's been increasingly focused on another space venture -- one that would launch small satellites into orbit. Now Virgin Galactic officials have decided to break off the satellite launcher program, and make it its own company. Called Virgin Orbit, the California-based firm is seeking to enter a market that has attracted a lot of interest in recent years, as the size of satellites, once huge and expensive, have shrunk in size and cost. The new company is to be led by Dan Hart, who spent 24 years at Boeing where he most recently ran its satellite programs. In a statement, Branson said the new venture fits into his ethos of opening up the cosmos "by manufacturing vehicles of the future, enabling the small satellite revolution, and preparing commercial space flight for many more humans to reach space and see our home planet." In an interview in 2015, he said he "never even thought of satellites when we thought of Virgin Galactic originally. I just thought of human space travel and a personal desire to go to space and trying to make dreams come true and so on. And then embarking on that, suddenly you realize there's another whole aspect to this. Which is equally as exciting, really." Virgin Orbit would join a growing number of companies developing rockets designed specifically for carrying smaller payloads into space. And it comes as a number of companies have proposed putting up large constellations of small satellites-some the size of a shoebox-that could do everything from monitor crop yields, take images of Earth and provide internet and communications. Backed by a $1 billion investment from Google and Fidelity, Elon Musk's SpaceX has announced plans to launch nearly 4,500 satellites that would beam internet service to Earth. Boeing has a similar plan, as does a London-based company called OneWeb. SoftBank, the Tokyo-based telecommunications firm, recently announced that it is investing $1.7 billion to merge OneWeb with Intelsat. As interest grows in the new generation of satellites, many companies are sensing an opportunity. Vector Space Systems, founded by a pair of entrepreneurs who were involved in the early days of SpaceX are developing a new rocket designed for smaller payloads. As is Rocket Labs, which is based in New Zealand and California. Carissa Christensen, the chief executive of consultancy Bryce Space and Technology (formerly known as Tauri Group Space and Technology), said there are about three dozen small satellite launch vehicles at various stages of development-likely resulting in winners and losers. "The market cannot support that many vehicles," she said. "There's going to be a shakeout." Failed ventures, however, are not "indicative of a broken system," she said. Much of the initial start-up money for these small satellite companies is coming from venture capital firms that "are generally risk tolerant. So you get starts and stops. You get companies that try and fail," she said. Virgin Orbit may begin with an advantage. It already has several commercial and government customers signed up, said George Whitesides, who oversees Virgin's commercial space portfolio. It operates in a 180,000 square-feet manufacturing site in Long Beach, Calif. with 200 employees. The company plans to "air launch" its two-stage rocket-meaning it would be tethered underneath the wing of a 747 airplane that Branson dubbed "Cosmic Girl" and that would fly to an altitude of 35,000 feet or so. The rocket would be released and then shoot off to space. Whitesides said the company would "launch when we're ready" but that it hopes to complete a test flight by the end of the year. Virgin Galactic also air launches its spaceplane, SpaceShipTwo, which is designed to fly two pilots and six passengers into space. The latest version of the spacecraft had its third successful test flight when it was released from its mother ship last week. It then glided back down to Earth without firing its engines. Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Washington Post BizTech Newsletter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Spaceflight Bezos and Blue Origin Reportedly Pitch 'Amazon-like' Delivery for the Moon By Jeff Foust, SpaceNews Writer | March 4, 2017 07:00am ET MORE Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos poses in front of his rocket. Credit: Blue Origin Jeff Bezos' space company, Blue Origin, reportedly pitched the new administration on setting up an "Amazon-like" delivery service for the moon. In a January white paper circulated within NASA and the Trump transition team, Blue Origin proposed developing a cargo lander called Blue Moon that could support a future lunar base at the south pole, where there are both deposits of water ice and regions in almost constant sunlight. The Blue Moon spacecraft could fly on a number of launch vehicles, including Blue Origin's New Glenn vehicle under development. [Washington Post] More News China launched a new version of its Kaituozhe small launch vehicle late Thursday. The Kaituozhe-2 rocket lifted off from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre at 6:53 p.m. Eastern and placed a satellite called Tiankun-1 into orbit. The solid-fueled Kaituozhe-2 rocket, likely based on an ICBM, is capable of placing payloads of up to 350 kilograms into orbit. Tiankun-1 will be used for remote sensing and telecommunications experiments. [gbtimes] At least five companies have filed proposals for V-band satellite constellations in response to a concept from Boeing. Those companies met a March 1 deadline set by the FCC to respond to a Boeing proposal last year for a constellation of up to 2,956 satellites in low Earth orbit that would provide broadband communications in the little-used V-band part of the spectrum. The proposals submitted include a 7,518-satellite system by SpaceX as well as concepts from OneWeb, Telesat, O3b and Theia Holdings. [SpaceNews] NASA's MAVEN Mars spacecraft performed a maneuver this week to avoid a potential collision with the Martian moon Phobos. MAVEN adjusted its orbit Tuesday to avoid the "high probability" it would collide with Phobos on March 6. The orbits of the spacecraft and the moon intersect, and on that day the two would have passed through the same point just seven seconds apart. The incident is the first time MAVEN has had to maneuver to avoid a potential collision with a moon or another spacecraft. [SpaceNews] The Air Force is reviewing the orbit-raising propulsion system used on Lockheed Martin military satellites. The Air Force started the review of the propulsion system after an undisclosed problem on a recent spacecraft. The propulsion system is part of the A2100 bus, which is used on several Lockheed military and commercial satellite programs. The review has delayed the Air Force's acceptance of the first GPS 3 satellite, although the spacecraft is still scheduled for launch in the spring of next year. [Bloomberg] A company best known for building cameras for planetary missions has won a contract for a satellite servicing program. Malin Space Science Systems won a $10.9 million contract from the Naval Research Lab to provide the camera for DARPA's Robotic Servicing of Geosynchrous Satellites program. DARPA announced an agreement last month with Space Systems Loral to develop the spacecraft, but Orbital ATK filed suit in a bid to block the deal. DARPA, citing the suit, declined to comment on the camera contract. [SpaceNews] Astro Digital has raised $16.65 million to further development of its Earth imaging satellites and analytics platform. The company said Thursday the Series A round would go towards initial launches of its Landmapper smallsats that will provide medium-resolution Earth imagery, as well as development of a complementary high-resolution satellite system. The company is also developing a software platform that converts the images into industry-specific data for customers. [SpaceNews] China plans to launch the core module of its space station next year. The module, named Tianhe-1, will launch on a Long March 5 heavy-lift rocket next year and be followed by other components, including two modules that will serve as space labs. China expects to complete the station in 2022 and operate it for "dozens of years." [Xinhua] This story was provided by SpaceNews, dedicated to covering all aspects of the space industry. Editor's Recommendations Visit SpaceNews for the Latest Space Industry News 'Roomy' Blue Origin Capsule Provides Incredible Space Tourist Experience | Animation Photos: Glimpses of Secretive Blue Origin's Private Spaceships Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
English En Français My Account AllAfrica By AllAfrica News Sources Media Kit Countries All Countries AlgeriaAngolaBeninBotswanaBurkina FasoBurundiCameroonCape VerdeCentral African RepublicChadComorosCongo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaCote d'Ivoire DjiboutiEgyptEquatorial GuineaEritreaEthiopiaGabonGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea BissauKenyaLesothoLiberiaLibya MadagascarMalawiMaliMauritaniaMauritiusMoroccoMozambiqueNamibiaNigerNigeriaRwandaSenegalSeychellesSierra Leone SomaliaSouth AfricaSouth SudanSudanSwazilandSão Tomé and PríncipeTanzaniaTogoTunisiaUgandaWestern SaharaZambiaZimbabwe Africa-Wide Central Africa Central Africa HomeAngolaBurundiCameroonCentral African RepublicChad Congo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaEquatorial GuineaGabonRwandaSão Tomé and Príncipe East Africa East Africa HomeBurundiComorosDjiboutiEritreaEthiopiaKenyaMadagascar MauritiusRwandaSeychellesSomaliaSouth SudanSudanTanzaniaUganda North Africa North Africa HomeAlgeriaEgyptLibyaMoroccoTunisiaWestern Sahara Southern Africa Southern Africa HomeAngolaBotswanaLesothoMalawiMozambique NamibiaSouth AfricaSwazilandZambiaZimbabwe West Africa West Africa HomeBeninBurkina FasoCameroonCape VerdeCote d'IvoireGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea Bissau LiberiaMaliMauritaniaNigerNigeriaSenegalSierra LeoneSão Tomé and PríncipeTogo Topics All Topics AIDSAfrica on the MoveAgribusinessAid and AssistanceArms and ArmiesAsia, Australia, and AfricaAthleticsBankingBook ReviewsBooksBusinessCapital FlowsChildrenClimateCommoditiesCompanyConflictConstructionCorruptionCurrenciesDebtEbolaEcotourismEducationEnergyEntertainment EnvironmentEurope and AfricaExternal RelationsFood and AgricultureGame ParksGovernanceHealthHuman RightsICTInfrastructureInnovationInternational OrganisationsInvestmentLabourLand and Rural IssuesLatin America and AfricaLegal AffairsMalariaManufacturingMediaMiddle East and AfricaMigrationMiningMusicMusic ReviewsNGO NutritionOceansOlympicsPeacekeepingPetroleumPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthPrivatizationRefugeesReligionScienceSoccerSportStock MarketsSustainable DevelopmentTerrorismTradeTransportTravelTuberculosisU.S., Canada and AfricaUrban IssuesWaterWildlifeWomenWorld Cup Entertainment Entertainment HomeBook ReviewsBooksMusicMusic Reviews Business Business HomeAgribusinessBankingCapital FlowsCommoditiesCompanyConstruction CurrenciesDebtEnergyICTInfrastructureInvestmentLabour ManufacturingMiningPetroleumPrivatizationStock MarketsTradeTransport Conflict Conflict HomeArms and ArmiesPeacekeepingRefugeesTerrorism Environment Environment HomeClimateOceansWaterWildlife Health Health HomeAIDSEbolaMalariaNutritionPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthTuberculosis Sport Sport HomeAthleticsOlympicsSoccerWorld Cup Travel Travel HomeEcotourismGame Parks Development Aid and Assistance Education Environment Food and Agriculture Health Women BizTech Business Home Agribusiness Banking Capital Flows Commodities Company Construction Currencies Debt Energy ICT Infrastructure Investment Labour Manufacturing Mining Petroleum Privatization Stock Markets Trade Transport Entertainment Entertainment Home Book Reviews Books Music Music Reviews Sport Sport Home Athletics Olympics Soccer World Cup Africa/World Asia, Australia, and Africa Europe and Africa International Organisations Latin America and Africa Middle East and Africa U.S., Canada and Africa Governance Corruption Governance Human Rights Land and Rural Issues Legal Affairs Media NGO Multimedia Video Audio Document Web Site InFocus Pages PhotoEssays Innovation Sustainability   2 March 2017 The East African (Nairobi) Africa: Boeing Opens Nairobi and SA Offices With Eye On Africa Deals Tagged: Africa East Africa Kenya South Africa Southern Africa Travel tweet share Google+ comment email more Related Topics Africa Africa: $65 Million Grant to Boost Wildlife Conservation in Malawi Africa: Preparing for New Travel Ban, Lawyers Step Up to Help Immigrants Africa: Insurance Vital, but No Magic Bullet to Fight Drought in Africa Africa: Malaria Parasites Make Human Hosts Attract Mosquitoes East Africa Tanzania: International Ships Decry Delayed Ratification of Maritime Laws Uganda: 'Regulate Social Media Use in Churches, Schools' Kenya: Marathon Champ Samuel Wanjiru Killed, His Mother Tells Inquest Kenya: National Dialysis Project, the Miracle Kenya Needed in Renal Care Kenya Kenya: Kenyatta, Odinga Come Face-to-Face at Gachagua's Burial Kenya: Report On Doctors' Strike to Be Presented in Court Kenya: Energy Agenda to Sway Voters in August Polls Kenya: Donkey Meat Will Not Harm Your Health and It Is Legal South Africa South Africa: Social Development Minister to Face Committee on Grants Crisis South Africa: 'Gay Is Not Okay' Case to Continue South Africa: Parliament to Consider Final Public Broadcaster Inquiry Report South Africa: Resigning From Parliament a Last Resort - Malema Southern Africa Zimbabwe: Govt Agrees to Pay 2016 Civil Servants Bonuses Zimbabwe: 'Nomad' Mugabe Leaves Again, Aide Claims Trips Are 'Legitimate Spending' Zimbabwe: 25 Killed As Floods Wreak Havoc in Midlands South Africa: Twitterati Hit Back At Mahlobo With #HandsOffSocialMedia By Brian Ngugi US-based aerospace and defence company Boeing International is set to open a Nairobi office as it seeks to tap new Africa deals. Boeing, which has been weighing options of opening an office either in Kenya or Ethiopia to gain a foothold in the eastern Africa market, will also open another office in Johannesburg, South Africa. Chamsou Andjorin, the Boeing director of government affairs and market development, will head the Nairobi office while the Johannesburg office will be headed by Joao Miguel Santos, Boeing's managing director for sub-Saharan Africa, a South African media report said. "Africa is not new territory for Boeing. Since the introduction of the jet airplane, Boeing aircraft have formed the backbone of the continent's commercial fleet and Boeing continues to be one of the largest US-based companies doing business on the continent," Mr Santos was quoted by South African media confirming the development. "The aerospace industry needs to start paying closer attention to Africa, because this continent is clearly on the move economically and all the trends are pointing in the right direction for the expansion of the sector. Our job is to be ahead in understanding these emerging trends and opportunities." The US giant, which is the supplier of Kenya Airways and Ethiopian Airlines' fleet of Dreamliners and other Boeing planes, had until now had a presence only in North Africa. Kenya and Ethiopia have recently been racing to attract foreign direct investments into their economies with creation of special economic zones and promises of lower costs of doing business including cheap electricity. "Talent and comparative advantage will guide us in our choice of location in the region," said Boeing's senior vice president Marc Allen on the sidelines of an American business forum in Nairobi in 2015. Mr Allen said the firm's areas of interest include research, engineering and analytics. The world's largest aerospace company projects Africa would be in need of 1,150 new airplanes over the next 20 years as the most recent Current Market Outlook report predicted that air traffic to and from the continent is expected to grow by about 6.1 per cent annually. Africa Rich Environmentalists Oppress Poor People Environmentalism remains enduringly popular among the world's rich elite. Activists would like us to believe they are… Read more »   Copyright © 2017 The East African. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (allAfrica.com). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 700 reports a day from more than 150 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us. More From: East African Sudan: Sudan Rebels Hand Over Prisoners of War East Africa: Kenya Polls - Radio Stations Warned Over Hate Speech Uganda: Stock of Reserves up By U.S.$139 Million East Africa: India Woos Rwanda, Uganda to Expand Footprint in East Africa Kenya: Agriculture Insurance Premiums Likely to Drop Kenya: World Bank Team Probes Contested Water Project Kenya: President Signs Anti-Money Laundering Bill to Law East Africa: NSE Firms Get Nod to Cross-List Exchange Traded Funds in East Africa Africa: Strict Rules Keep African Firms Away From Stockmarkets Zimbabwe: Zimbabwe Pleads for Aid As Rains Wreak Havoc East Africa: East Africa On Track to Boost Energy Access, Says World Bank Kenya: Slum Dwellers Eke Out a Living From Bones Uganda: Uganda Gets U.S.$24 Million to Ease Climate Change Kenya: U.S. - Kenya's Mobile Money System Vulnerable to Illegal Transactions Kenya: Serengeti Beer Enters Kenya Market Tanzania: Tanzania to Triple Power Output, Double Connections Kenya: Dadaab Camp Closure On Target, Says UN Zimbabwe: Mugabe Flies to Singapore for Treatment East Africa: E-Cargo Tracking System to Save Costs On Northern Corridor East Africa: Kenya Joins Uganda, Rwanda in E-Cargo Tracking System Uganda: Uganda Deports Rwandans As More Cross Over Africa: Boeing Opens Nairobi and SA Offices With Eye On Africa Deals East Africa: Edible Oils Now On EAC List of Sensitive Goods Sudan: President Bashir Names His Deputy Prime Minister Kenya: Kenya Mints 900 New Dollar Millionaires As Wealth Gap Widens Congo-Kinshasa: Civilians Fleeing Eastern DR Congo Clashes Africa: Africa's Moving, One Step Forwards, Two Steps Back Rwanda: UNHCR Gives Refugees $4m to Go Back Home East Africa: Tanzania Left Out As Kenya, Uganda Rwanda Launch Joint Tourism Portal Uganda: Govt Takes Over Troubled Telecom Africa: General Motors to Exit East Africa With Sale of Stake to Isuzu Sudan: The Condom Divide in Sudan Related Africa East Africa Kenya South Africa Southern Africa Travel InFocus: Africa Drought Spreads in The Horn of Africa Taking A Walk on the Wild Side #WorldWildlifeDay South Africa: Attacking Immigrants Not Patriotic - Thabo Mbeki German Government Unveils its 'Marshall Plan' With Africa Highlights of AfDB President's Official Visit to Sudan Tanzania Left Out As East African Partners Launch Tourism Portal Global Fund Controversy Raises Questions Billions Needed to Avoid Famine - UN South Africa Deports 97 Nigerians Rise of Africa’s Small & Medium Size Enterprises - Robin Sanders Follow AllAfrica Top Headlines: Africa Africa: Rich Environmentalists Oppress Poor People Africa: $65 Million Grant to Boost Wildlife Conservation in Malawi Africa: Preparing for New Travel Ban, Lawyers Step Up to Help Immigrants Africa: Insurance Vital, but No Magic Bullet to Fight Drought in Africa Africa: Malaria Parasites Make Human Hosts Attract Mosquitoes Africa: Factbox-From New Beans to Ancient Plants, Drought-Busting Crops Take Root Africa: How Can Young People Strengthen the African Union? Africa: Frost & Sullivan Applauds Rockley Photonics for Its Potential to Scale Up Data Centers Through Silicon Photonics Africa: Exegy Adds Iex Data to X-Port Service Africa: African Press Review 6 March 2017 Africa: First Global Fintech Fund for the Underserved Closes With U.S.$141 Million in Capital Contributions Africa: CAF Election - Galadima Wants Pinnick, Stakeholders to Bury Differences Africa: Shoprite Condemns South Africa's Xenophobic Violence Africa: Tanzania Created 200 Millionaires in 2016 Africa: African Bankers Scrutinize German Minister's 'Marshall Plan' East Africa: India Woos Rwanda, Uganda to Expand Footprint in East Africa Most Popular Africa across allAfrica.com Africa 1 Africa: Tanzania Created 200 Millionaires in 2016 2 Africa: How Can Young People Strengthen the African Union? 3 Africa: Preparing for New Travel Ban, Lawyers Step Up to Help Immigrants 4 Africa: Shoprite Condemns South Africa's Xenophobic Violence 5 Africa: Malaria Parasites Make Human Hosts Attract Mosquitoes 6 Africa: Sex, Whistles and Shutdowns - Inside Africa's Non-Protesters' Protesting Toolbox 7 Africa: Africa's First Lady 8 Africa: First Global Fintech Fund for the Underserved Closes With U.S.$141 Million in Capital Contributions 9 Africa: African Bankers Scrutinize German Minister's 'Marshall Plan' 10 Africa: Drought, Conflict Worsen Food Security in Africa - FAO across allAfrica.com 1 Nigeria: Buhari Calls Obasanjo, Bello From London 2 Nigeria: Speak to Me to Convince Nigerians You Are Healthy, Fayose Tells Buhari 3 Nigeria: As Naira Gains, Neighbouring Countries Ease Rush for Nigerian Goods 4 Nigeria: Court Dissolves Actor Emeka Ike's Marriage 5 Nigeria: Despite Losing Billions to MMM, Nigerians Flock to New Ponzi Scheme 6 Nigeria: Consent, Kissing and Groping in Nigeria's Reality TV Show 7 Nigeria: Buhari Calls Obasanjo, Kogi Governor 8 Nigeria: Outrage in Kano As Bride Gives Birth to Baby Boy a Day After Marriage 9 Kenya: No Salary for University of Nairobi Striking Lecturers 10 Nigeria: How Amaechi and Buhari Induced Nigeria's Recession Don't Miss Hello? Who is Nigeria's President Buhari Calling Now? Court Dissolves Nollywood Actor Emeka Ike's Marriage Gambian HIV Patients Tell of Jammeh's 'Herbal Treatment' - VIDEO Liberia Mourns Death of Popular Musician Former Zambian First Lady Dies Entertainment Nigeria: Pro-Kwankwaso Kano Singer, Zazzabi, Released On Bail(Premium Times) South Africa: Ladysmith Black Mambazo - Three Decades Later and Still Strong(This is Africa) Nigeria: Consent, Kissing and Groping in Nigeria's Reality TV Show(This is Africa) Liberia: Young Musician Meets Tragic End(New Dawn) Zimbabwe: Muridzo Fails to Perform At Festival(The Herald) Nigeria: Kano Musician Zazzabi Released On Bail(Daily Trust) Zimbabwe: Mai Titi Turns to Music(The Herald) Zimbabwe: Local Sculptors Blast NAMA(The Herald) Nigeria: BBNaija - No Eviction Next Sunday After Uriel, Kemen Sent Packing(Premium Times) Nigeria: #BBNaija Fans React to Kemen's Disqualification(Vanguard) Migration Nigeria: Presidency Asks Nigerians to Postpone U.S. Trips(Daily Trust) Nigeria: Govt Cautions Citizens Against Travelling to U.S.(Premium Times) Nigeria: Dabiri-Erewa Advises Nigerians to Shelve Non-Essential Travel to U.S.(This Day) South Africa: Targeting Immigrants, Again(AfricaFocus) South Africa: Border Management Authority Should Be Created - JCPS(News24Wire) Somalia: Immigration Director Reaches Baidoa City(Shabelle) South Africa: 'Africa Is for All Africans' - March Against Xenophobic Attacks(News24Wire) Africa: 'Control' Is the New Core of Germany's Refugee Policy(Al Jazeera) Libya: Dozens of People Feared Dead in Shipwreck Off Libya(Al Jazeera) South Africa: South Africa - Deportations Not Connected to Xenophobia(Deutsche Welle) Refugees Ethiopia: Eritrean's Struggle to Find Work Causing Secondary Migration - Report(ODI) Africa: Preparing for New Travel Ban, Lawyers Step Up to Help Immigrants(VOA) South Africa: Targeting Immigrants, Again(AfricaFocus) Sudan: White Nile Hosts Over a Hundred Thousand Southern Refugees(SNA) Sudan: Families Who Fled Jebel Marra Clashes Face Food Shortage(Radio Dabanga) Sudan: Hassabo Calls for Support to Refugees for South Sudan(SNA) Uganda: 4,000 Congo Refugees Arrive at Rwamwanja Camp(Monitor) Cameroon: Voluntary Return Home for Nigerian Refugees in Cameroon?(Deutsche Welle) South Africa: 'Africa Is for All Africans' - March Against Xenophobic Attacks(News24Wire) Congo-Kinshasa: Civilians Fleeing Eastern DR Congo Clashes(East African) Food and Agriculture Ethiopia: Drought Emergency Spirals in Ethiopia Amid Major Aid Shortages(Thomson Reuters Foundation) Nigeria: Country Faces No Threat of Famine - Agriculture Minister Ogbeh(Premium Times) Kenya: Donkey Meat Will Not Harm Your Health and It Is Legal(Nation) South Africa: Local Poultry Industry 'Being Destroyed' by European Imports?(Daily Maverick) Zimbabwe: 250 000t Grain in Reserves - Agriculture Minister(The Herald) Africa: Insurance Vital, but No Magic Bullet to Fight Drought in Africa(Thomson Reuters Foundation) Kenya: Save the Elephants - Beehive Fences Help Protect Small-scale Farms from Crop Raids(VOA) Zimbabwe: A Bumper Maize Harvest Is Upon Us, Let's Prepare(The Herald) East Africa: Nyusi to Attend Indian Ocean Rim Summit(AIM) Rwanda: Rwandan Products Feature At Singapore International Expo(New Times) Agribusiness Malawi: Chaponda to Be Backbencher in Parliament - No Show Since Fired As Minister(Nyasa Times) Nigeria: Country Faces No Threat of Famine - Agriculture Minister Ogbeh(Premium Times) Zimbabwe: 250 000t Grain in Reserves - Agriculture Minister(The Herald) Uganda: Panic As Airport Expansion Displaces Agriculture Workers(Monitor) Zimbabwe: A Bumper Maize Harvest Is Upon Us, Let's Prepare(The Herald) Uganda: Govt Plans Shs 54bn for Early-Maturing Seeds(Observer) Uganda: NFA, District Boss Clash Over Grazing Licenses(Monitor) Nigeria: Nigeria Does Not Need Ministers for Agriculture, Health, Atiku Says(Premium Times) Rwanda: Rwandan Products Feature At Singapore International Expo(New Times) Kenya: Herders Receive Animal Feeds to Prevent Deaths(Nation) Infrastructure East Africa: Uganda, Kenya Send Officials to China for Railway Money(Monitor) South Africa: MEC Ismail Vadi Launches Heidelberg-Springs Road Project(SA Govt) South Africa: Sanral Takes Big Step Towards Economic Transformation(News24Wire) Angola: Cuanza Norte - Governor Announces New Energy Projects for Province(ANGOP) South Africa: Infrastructure MEC Blames Contractor's Shoddy Work for Collapse(News24Wire) South Africa: Western Cape Faces 'Worst Drought in 100 Years'(News24Wire) South Africa: Search for Trapped People At Charlotte Maxete Hospital Completed(News24Wire) South Africa: Cape Town Stands By List of Top 100 Water Users(News24Wire) South Africa: Charlotte Maxeke Hospital Remains Open(SAnews.gov.za) South Africa: Charlotte Maxeke Hospital to Remain Open After Roof Collapse(News24Wire) AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 700 news and information items daily from over 150 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Lagos, Monrovia, Nairobi and Washington DC. © 2017 AllAfrica Privacy Contact Subscribe to AllAfrica via RSS For Advertisers AllAfrica - All the Time
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Airlines Boeing sounds out SpiceJet and Jet Airways on 737 MAX-10 aircraft Boeing sounds out SpiceJet and Jet Airways on 737 MAX-10 aircraft Source : By : Rachit Vats and Ankit Ajmera Last Updated: Sat, Mar 04, 2017 13:47 hrs Tweet Mail Print Boeing Co has approached India's SpiceJet Ltd and Jet Airways Ltd as it gauges airlines' interest in its 737 MAX-10 aircraft, the stretched version of the yet-to-be-delivered 737 MAX narrow-body jetliner, a senior executive said. Indian carriers are rapidly expanding to meet demand in the world's fastest-growing aviation market, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the country's biggest cities. "We have presented it to both the airlines what the airplane looks like, and it's in a very preliminary stage," Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president, Asia Pacific and India sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, told Reuters. "If you are flying to the metros this (737 MAX-10) will be a perfect airplane, because runways are long, demand is there, frequency is already there." Airplane makers typically line up orders before deciding whether to formally undertake building a new aircraft. SpiceJet and Jet Airways have the option to substitute some of their existing orders of MAX planes with the MAX-10, Keskar said. In January, budget airline SpiceJet agreed to buy 100 new 737 MAXs aircraft with an option for 50 more, while Jet Airways had 75 orders for the 737 MAX through January 2017. SpiceJet and Jet Airways did not respond to requests for comment. Boeing is creating up to five versions of MAX, which will replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997 and offer greater fuel efficiency. The company has been looking at the feasibility of the 737 MAX-10 - the biggest aircraft in the MAX family - to take on rival Airbus, which has had strong sales of its A321neo, its largest single-aisle aircraft. The first MAX model in production, the MAX-8, is on track to reach customers by mid-year. The A321neo competes with Boeing's MAX-9, which carries a list price of $116.6 million and seats as many as 220 passengers. The A321neo seats as many as 236 and has a list price of $127 million. Keskar said the incremental cost to operate the MAX-10 is going to be very little and airlines may face slightly higher costs on fuel, food and an extra cabin attendant. "But your potential gain in the revenue will be phenomenal," he said. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28240.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28870.00 (-0.45%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28610.00 (-0.38%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27650.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28270.00 (-0.14%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Military Boeing unveils MH-139 helicopter to replace Huey David SzondyMarch 4th, 2017 2 pictures The MH-139 is intended to replace the US Air Force's UH-1N “Huey” fleet(Credit: Boeing)View gallery - 2 images Boeing isn't just angling to replace the US Air Force's jet trainers, but its helicopters as well. On Thursday at the Air Force Association Air Warfare Symposium in Orlando, Florida, the company unveiled its MH-139 helicopter. It will be entered into the UH-1N Replacement Program competition to find a replacement for the US Air Force's venerable UH-1N "Huey" multi-role helicopter fleet, in service since 1970. The MH-139 is based on the Leonardo Helicopters AW139, of which there are 900 in service with more than 250 governments and private companies. Designed for day and night operations in a variety of climates, the AW139 is powered by two Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6 engines with full digital electronic engine control (FADEC) that give the aircraft an airspeed of 165 kt (190 mph, 306 km/h). Inside, there's a glass cockpit with advanced avionics and a four-axis digital autopilot with auto-hover. According to Boeing, the MH-139 is more economical than other competitors and can save up to US$1 billion over 30 years. "The Huey replacement is of vital importance to the Air Force, and the MH-139 is the right solution for those missions," says Judy Fedder, director of Global Sales & Marketing, Boeing Integrated Logistics. "The fact that the AW139 is being built today on an active production line will speed it to meet the time-critical demand following the competition." Source: BoeingView gallery - 2 images Boeing unveils MH-139 helicopter to replace Huey 1 / 2 Tags #US Air Force #Helicopters #Boeing Share this article Show 6 comments   Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Master genes trigger cascade of damage to other genes after brain trauma Sedric forms a canvas for the autonomous VW Group car of the future Hybrid VTOL fixed-wing drone flies for 2+ hours Huawei Watch 2 vs. LG Watch Sport Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Military Boeing unveils MH-139 helicopter to replace Huey Raytheon laser sight improves shot speed and accuracy Origami-inspired bulletproof shield can stop a .44 Magnum "Q" gadgets from WWII up for auction USS Enterprise decommissioned after half a century of service The US Navy's new wonder material is synthetic hagfish slime Royal Navy gets new eyes in the skies US Army's hoverbike takes flight BAE explores airborne laser deflector shield concept Helmet sensors to record blast exposure in at-risk soldiers US military seeks biodegradable bullets that sprout plants DARPA's TUNA program completes first phase Editors Choice Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle Compare the latest tech gear Review: Soaring through Northern Patagonia with the Premium Byrd drone Biolite's upgraded CampStove saves some energy for later Review: Kawasaki Vulcan S cruises affordably in style Gallery: F1 teams come to grips with a new formula for 2017 What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? Zoltan Istvan on transhumanism, politics and why the human body has to go Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 Counting the days: Our five most anticipated upcoming buildings Clive Sinclair's nephew creates a C5 for today Safety last: Russian hoverbike is equally amazing and horrifying Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News BetterInvesting Magazine Releases May Stock To Study And Undervalued Stock Choices For Investors’ Informational And Educational Use MADISON HEIGHTS, Mich., March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Editorial Advisory and Securities Review Committee of BetterInvesting Magazine today announced The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA) as its May 2017 “Stock to Study” and Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) as its May 2017 “Undervalued Stock” for investors’ informational and educational use. “The committee cited Boeing’s large backlog and the likelihood of continued high demand for airplanes for an extended period in selecting the company,” said Adam Ritt, editor of BetterInvesting Magazine. “For the Undervalued selection, the committee discussed Target’s strong market position and potential for stock price improvement given the recent pullback.” Check BetterInvesting’s May issue for more details about these selections. Go to the trial version of BetterInvesting’s online tools to study the investment potential of Boeing and Target by viewing their fundamental data and applying judgments. Committee members are Robert M. Bilkie, Jr., CFA; Daniel J. Boyle, CFA; Marisa Bradbury, CFA; Philip S. Dano, CFA; Donald E. Danko, CFA; Maury Elvekrog, CFA; and Walter J. Kirchberger, CFA. As stated, the BetterInvesting committee’s Stock to Study and Undervalued Stock choices are for the informational and educational uses of investors and are not intended as investment recommendations. BetterInvesting urges investors to educate themselves about the stock market so they can make informed decisions about stock purchases. About BetterInvesting BetterInvesting is a national nonprofit organization that has been empowering individual investors since 1951. Founded in Detroit, the association (formerly known as National Association of Investors Corporation) was borne out of the conviction that anyone can become a successful long-term investor by following commonsense investing practices. BetterInvesting has helped more than 5 million people become better, more informed investors by providing webinars, in-person events, easy-to-use online tools for analyzing stocks, a monthly magazine and a community of volunteers and like-minded investors. For more information about BetterInvesting, visit its website at www.betterinvesting.org or call toll free (877) 275-6242. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook.   SOURCE BetterInvesting CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Investments Opinions, Markets, Surveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Saga Communications, Inc. Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend of $0.30 per Share Next PostNext Wayfair CEO Niraj Shah to Present at the 2017 UBS Global Consumer and Retail Conference Search Recent Posts Embedded Systems Academy veröffentlicht “Technology Guide” zur Sicherheit von Controller Area Networks (CAN) Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders La Visual Industry Promotion Organization et les laboratoires de recherche KADOKAWA ASCII procèdent au lancement d’un « Catalogue de contenus japonais » disponible via un site Web Proudly powered by WordPress
07/03/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 07/03/2017 North Korea-Malaysia: political 'hostage-holding' Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Holding our citizens hostage, is in total disregard of all international law." Najib Razak Prime Minister of Malaysia World 07/03/2017 Irish PM set to widen probe into Church-run homes Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""truly appalling"" Enda Kenny Irish Prime Minister World 06/03/2017 Iraq off 'banned list' in new Trump US travel order Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "A watered down ban is still a ban" Chuck Schumer US Senate Democratic Leader Business 06/03/2017 Deutsche Bank seeking eight billion euros from new share sale Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 06/03/2017 Philippines: Ex-policeman links Duterte to 200 deaths Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I can't take to my grave these dark and evil secrets" Arturo Lascanas Retired Policeman Business 06/03/2017 Greek leader Tsipras upbeat despite major downward growth revision Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Greece has already turned a page" Alexis Tsipras Greek Prime Minister Business 06/03/2017 Huge PSA Opel-Vauxhall deal to transform European car market Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We're confident that the Opel-Vauxhall turnaround will significantly accelerate with our support" Carlos Tavares PSA Chief Executive World 06/03/2017 Ukraine-Russia court battle over 'terrorism' claims Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I want the world to understand that there wasn't any annexation" Lada Litvak Sevastopol resident more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Boeing sounds out Indian carriers on 737 MAX-10 aircraft Aa Aa Now Reading: Boeing sounds out Indian carriers on 737 MAX-10 aircraft 03/03/2017 Boeing sounds out Indian carriers on 737 MAX-10 aircraft REUTERS 03/03/2017 By Rachit Vats and Ankit Ajmera (Reuters) – Boeing Co <BA.N> has approached India’s SpiceJet Ltd <SPJT.BO> and Jet Airways Ltd <JET.NS> as it gauges airlines’ interest in its 737 MAX-10 aircraft, the stretched version of the yet-to-be-delivered 737 MAX narrow-body jetliner, a senior executive said. Indian carriers are rapidly expanding to meet demand in the world’s fastest-growing aviation market, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the country’s biggest cities. “We have presented it to both the airlines what the airplane looks like, and it’s in a very preliminary stage,” Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president, Asia Pacific and India sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, told Reuters. “If you are flying to the metros this (737 MAX-10) will be a perfect airplane, because runways are long, demand is there, frequency is already there.” Airplane makers typically line up orders before deciding whether to formally undertake building a new aircraft. SpiceJet and Jet Airways have the option to substitute some of their existing orders of MAX planes with the MAX-10, Keskar said. In January, budget airline SpiceJet agreed to buy 100 new 737 MAXs aircraft with an option for 50 more, while Jet Airways had 75 orders for the 737 MAX through January 2017. SpiceJet and Jet Airways did not respond to requests for comment. Boeing is creating up to five versions of MAX, which will replace the current 737 “NG” introduced in 1997 and offer greater fuel efficiency. The company has been looking at the feasibility of the 737 MAX-10 – the biggest aircraft in the MAX family – to take on rival Airbus <AIR.PA>, which has had strong sales of its A321neo, its largest single-aisle aircraft. The first MAX model in production, the MAX-8, is on track to reach customers by mid-year. The A321neo competes with Boeing’s MAX-9, which carries a list price of $116.6 million and seats as many as 220 passengers. The A321neo seats as many as 236 and has a list price of $127 million. Keskar said the incremental cost to operate the MAX-10 is going to be very little and airlines may face slightly higher costs on fuel, food and an extra cabin attendant. “But your potential gain in the revenue will be phenomenal,” he said. (Reporting by Rachit Vats and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories North Korea 07/03/2017 US begins rolling out missile defence system in South Korea Malaysia 07/03/2017 North Korea-Malaysia: political 'hostage-holding' France 06/03/2017 Francois Hollande and Angela Merkel call for 'multi-speed Europe' Most viewed North Korea 07/03/2017 US begins rolling out missile defence system in South Korea world news 06/03/2017 Watch: Thai vets remove nearly 1,000 coins from turtle France 06/03/2017 Francois Hollande and Angela Merkel call for 'multi-speed Europe' Germany 06/03/2017 Germany's Angela Merkel hits back over 'Nazi' claims by Turkey's President... brussels bureau 06/03/2017 EU agrees on military HQ Editor's choice futuris 06/03/2017 Can farmed fish become vegetarian to reduce the industry's eco-footprint? View 06/03/2017 Robots could destroy society or reinvigorate it - we decide: View View 06/03/2017 Invisible wounds of Syria’s war-scarred children Flashback: one year ago Sport 07/03/2016 Swift is swift but Démare swifter as Frenchman wins Paris-Nice stage 1 brussels bureau 07/03/2016 Turkey demands more cash and faster visa-free travel for migrant help Turkey 07/03/2016 From Turkey to the Greek islands - an insight into the migrant smugglers... corporate 07/03/2016 Avtovaz boss Bo Andersson is out following sales slump Spain 07/03/2016 Gender equality at last...on pedestrian crossings! Editor's choice futuris 06/03/2017 Can farmed fish become vegetarian to reduce the industry's eco-footprint? View 06/03/2017 Robots could destroy society or reinvigorate it - we decide: View View 06/03/2017 Invisible wounds of Syria’s war-scarred children world news 02/03/2017 Mobile privacy explained by kids View 06/03/2017 For trade, think near, think big but mostly think China: View View 06/03/2017 How you can fight Twitter's 357,000 'Star Wars bots'. And more Israel 03/03/2017 Banksy's 'Walled Off Hotel' causes a stir in the West Bank world news 03/03/2017 What are Russians saying about Trump, Jeff Sessions and Sergey Kislyak? world news 02/03/2017 Hungarians don monster masks to scare off winter Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags France European Union Donald Trump USA Brexit Angela Merkel Crime travel ban Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 53-58 We set you thinking Tuesday 7 March 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World South Korea says to 'actively' consider filing WTO complaint against China 1488876704 World Germany's Social Democrats lead Merkel's conservatives: INSA poll 1488874819 World Sudan disappointed at renewal of U.S. travel ban: foreign ministry 1488877598 World UK PM May should call an early election to cope with Brexit: Hague 1488874389 World Turkey military says chief meeting U.S., Russian counterparts on Syria 1488876287 World U.S. starts deploying anti-missile system in South Korea after defiant North's latest test 1488874910 World Malaysia says ready for 'five-year' stake-out at North Korea embassy 1488876420 World Bolivia's Morales will return to Cuba for small operation: media 1488873188 Business Tariff-free Brexit 'really important' for Ford's UK jobs 1488873023 World Malaysian police say foiled attack on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi king visit 1488872888 World Philippine minister asks Duterte to halt second mine review she earlier supported 1488874068 World Iraq security forces take Mosul's main government complex, museum building 1488862720 World What is the Thaad anti-missile system and why is China so against it? 1488862920 Singapore Singapore's mobile digital telco Circles.Life unveils 20GB data for S$20 1488866820 World Philippines' Duterte seeks "happy compromise" between environment and mining 1488873987 Entertainment Singapore designs to be given  global push with Time partnership 1488873700 World China opposes U.S. deployment of THAAD anti-missile system 1488871979 World North Korea bars Malaysians from leaving as murder row boils 1488866056 Entertainment Guitar gods to perform in Singapore 1488870120 World PAS' hudud bill: What is it and why is there concern over it? 1488868800 World Etihad tells travelers to check with U.S. missions after new Trump order 1488868022 World Iraqi forces capture central bank branch in Mosul, IS justice court: military spokesman 1488867320 Business Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns 1488869500 World Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges 1488841354 Lifestyle Multi-million dollar partnership announced for Singapore’s fly-cruise market 1488795360 World 'Hormonal' women need protecting, Indian minister says 1488869280 World Four drug suspects killed as Philippine police resume drugs war operations 1488866350 World Afghan police in volatile south complain of not being paid 1488850266 Singapore Original content and digital investments focus for Mediacorp moving forward 1488868906 Voices Include loose parts in playgrounds 1488868900 Singapore ITEs, polys to take more students based on talents, interests instead of just grades 1488861780 World 7 arrested IS militants had plans to attack Saudi king in KL 1488864240 Singapore Direct School Admission exercise cap raised to 20% for all schools: MOE 1488857040 Singapore More work-study programmes for ITE, tertiary students 1488860280 Sports S'pore Swimming Association to reward clubs for helping to produce national swimmers 1488860400 World Malaysian PM Najib calls on North Korea to release all Malaysians 1488863628 World Malaysian police seal off North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur 1488861996 Entertainment WWE show coming in June? 1488863498 World 11 Malaysians currently trapped in North Korea: Foreign ministry 1488861900 World North Korea says temporarily bans Malaysians from leaving the country 1488858906 World North Korea bans Malaysians from leaving in Kim spat 1488855600 Singapore Yellow taxis less prone to accidents than blue ones: NUS study 1488857460 World Malaysia says North Koreans not allowed to leave: Deputy PM 1488858833 World North Koreans wanted in murder case hiding in embassy-Malaysian police 1488858906 Singapore Normal stream students can take subjects at higher level from Sec One from 2018: MOE 1488858960 Singapore Affiliated schools to reserve 20% of places for non-affiliated students from 2019: MOE 1488857700 World In tit-for-tat, Malaysia bans North Korean embassy officials from leaving country 1488858240 World Australia says no plan for joint South China Sea patrols with Indonesia 1488856940 Singapore Traffic comes to a standstill at Punggol after accident on TPE 1488847500 World US moves parts of controversial missile-defence system to South Korea 1488854040 Business Boeing sounds out Indian carriers on 737 MAX-10 aircraft The logo of Boeing (BA) is seen in Los Angeles. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 11:00 PM, March 3, 2017 Updated: 11:10 PM, March 3, 2017 Boeing Co <BA.N> has approached India's SpiceJet Ltd <SPJT.BO> and Jet Airways Ltd <JET.NS> as it gauges airlines' interest in its 737 MAX-10 aircraft, the stretched version of the yet-to-be-delivered 737 MAX narrow-body jetliner, a senior executive said. Indian carriers are rapidly expanding to meet demand in the world's fastest-growing aviation market, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the country's biggest cities. "We have presented it to both the airlines what the airplane looks like, and it's in a very preliminary stage," Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president, Asia Pacific and India sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, told Reuters. "If you are flying to the metros this (737 MAX-10) will be a perfect airplane, because runways are long, demand is there, frequency is already there." Airplane makers typically line up orders before deciding whether to formally undertake building a new aircraft. SpiceJet and Jet Airways have the option to substitute some of their existing orders of MAX planes with the MAX-10, Keskar said. In January, budget airline SpiceJet agreed to buy 100 new 737 MAXs aircraft with an option for 50 more, while Jet Airways had 75 orders for the 737 MAX through January 2017. SpiceJet and Jet Airways did not respond to requests for comment. Boeing is creating up to five versions of MAX, which will replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997 and offer greater fuel efficiency. The company has been looking at the feasibility of the 737 MAX-10 - the biggest aircraft in the MAX family - to take on rival Airbus <AIR.PA>, which has had strong sales of its A321neo, its largest single-aisle aircraft. The first MAX model in production, the MAX-8, is on track to reach customers by mid-year. The A321neo competes with Boeing's MAX-9, which carries a list price of $116.6 million and seats as many as 220 passengers. The A321neo seats as many as 236 and has a list price of $127 million. Keskar said the incremental cost to operate the MAX-10 is going to be very little and airlines may face slightly higher costs on fuel, food and an extra cabin attendant. "But your potential gain in the revenue will be phenomenal," he said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yuan may be disturbed in short term, but will follow fundamentals in long run: central banker You’re never alone in the office of the future Yellen says rate plans based on current conditions, not possible Trump policy Yellen points to March rate hike as Fed signals end of easy money Years-long dream of European exchange ended in half an hour Yahoo says about 32 million accounts accessed using 'forged cookies' Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer loses bonus, top lawyer resigns in wake of massive security breaches Xi says China must 'unswervingly' crackdown on financial irregularities Women on SGX-listed boards earn 43.2% less than men With businesses split on U.S. border tax, wider reform looks shaky Inside Today World Sudan disappointed at renewal of U.S. travel ban: foreign ministry South Korea says to 'actively' consider filing WTO complaint against China Malaysia says ready for 'five-year' stake-out at North Korea embassy Turkey military says chief meeting U.S., Russian counterparts on Syria U.S. starts deploying anti-missile system in South Korea after defiant North's latest test Business Tariff-free Brexit 'really important' for Ford's UK jobs Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns Consumer Reports to consider cyber security in product reviews VW expects to sanction more employees in emissions scandal: chairman Asian stocks flat, euro slides on French election concerns Sports S'pore Swimming Association to reward clubs for helping to produce national swimmers Young Dutch footballers shoot down aliens before scoring goals Value of S.League stint for Young Lions questioned Quah-Schooling showdown on the cards at NCAA Malaysia wants Asian Cup match against North Korea moved to neutral venue Entertainment Singapore designs to be given  global push with Time partnership Guitar gods to perform in Singapore WWE show coming in June? Netflix commissions original Korean zombie series 'Kingdom' Singaplural presents designs of the future About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing sounds out Indian carriers on 737 MAX-10 aircraft News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing sounds out Indian carriers on 737 MAX-10 aircraft Boeing Co has approached India's SpiceJet Ltd and Jet Airways Ltd as it gauges airlines' interest in its 737 MAX-10 aircraft, the stretched version of the yet-to-be-delivered 737 MAX narrow-body jetliner, a senior executive said. Posted 03 Mar 2017 22:15 The logo of Boeing (BA) is seen in Los Angeles, California, United States, April 22, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Boeing Co has approached India's SpiceJet Ltd and Jet Airways Ltd as it gauges airlines' interest in its 737 MAX-10 aircraft, the stretched version of the yet-to-be-delivered 737 MAX narrow-body jetliner, a senior executive said. Indian carriers are rapidly expanding to meet demand in the world's fastest-growing aviation market, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the country's biggest cities. "We have presented it to both the airlines what the airplane looks like, and it's in a very preliminary stage," Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president, Asia Pacific and India sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, told Reuters. "If you are flying to the metros this (737 MAX-10) will be a perfect airplane, because runways are long, demand is there, frequency is already there." Airplane makers typically line up orders before deciding whether to formally undertake building a new aircraft. SpiceJet and Jet Airways have the option to substitute some of their existing orders of MAX planes with the MAX-10, Keskar said. In January, budget airline SpiceJet agreed to buy 100 new 737 MAXs aircraft with an option for 50 more, while Jet Airways had 75 orders for the 737 MAX through January 2017. SpiceJet and Jet Airways did not respond to requests for comment. Boeing is creating up to five versions of MAX, which will replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997 and offer greater fuel efficiency. The company has been looking at the feasibility of the 737 MAX-10 - the biggest aircraft in the MAX family - to take on rival Airbus , which has had strong sales of its A321neo, its largest single-aisle aircraft. The first MAX model in production, the MAX-8, is on track to reach customers by mid-year. The A321neo competes with Boeing's MAX-9, which carries a list price of US$116.6 million and seats as many as 220 passengers. The A321neo seats as many as 236 and has a list price of US$127 million. Keskar said the incremental cost to operate the MAX-10 is going to be very little and airlines may face slightly higher costs on fuel, food and an extra cabin attendant. "But your potential gain in the revenue will be phenomenal," he said. (Reporting by Rachit Vats and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Boeing sounds out Indian carriers on 737 MAX-10 aircraft Add to ... By Rachit Vats and Ankit Ajmera Reuters Published Friday, Mar. 03, 2017 9:12AM EST Last updated Friday, Mar. 03, 2017 9:12AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Boeing Co <BA.N> has approached India's SpiceJet Ltd <SPJT.BO> and Jet Airways Ltd <JET.NS> as it gauges airlines' interest in its 737 MAX-10 aircraft, the stretched version of the yet-to-be-delivered 737 MAX narrow-body jetliner, a senior executive said. Indian carriers are rapidly expanding to meet demand in the world's fastest-growing aviation market, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the country's biggest cities. "We have presented it to both the airlines what the airplane looks like, and it's in a very preliminary stage," Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president, Asia Pacific and India sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, told Reuters. "If you are flying to the metros this (737 MAX-10) will be a perfect airplane, because runways are long, demand is there, frequency is already there." Airplane makers typically line up orders before deciding whether to formally undertake building a new aircraft. SpiceJet and Jet Airways have the option to substitute some of their existing orders of MAX planes with the MAX-10, Keskar said. In January, budget airline SpiceJet agreed to buy 100 new 737 MAXs aircraft with an option for 50 more, while Jet Airways had 75 orders for the 737 MAX through January 2017. SpiceJet and Jet Airways did not respond to requests for comment. Boeing is creating up to five versions of MAX, which will replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997 and offer greater fuel efficiency. The company has been looking at the feasibility of the 737 MAX-10 - the biggest aircraft in the MAX family - to take on rival Airbus <AIR.PA>, which has had strong sales of its A321neo, its largest single-aisle aircraft. The first MAX model in production, the MAX-8, is on track to reach customers by mid-year. The A321neo competes with Boeing's MAX-9, which carries a list price of $116.6 million and seats as many as 220 passengers. The A321neo seats as many as 236 and has a list price of $127 million. Keskar said the incremental cost to operate the MAX-10 is going to be very little and airlines may face slightly higher costs on fuel, food and an extra cabin attendant. "But your potential gain in the revenue will be phenomenal," he said. (Reporting by Rachit Vats and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$180.93 0.00 (0.00%) Updated March 6 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Reuters AG Airbus SA The Boeing Company Asia-Pacific Jet Airways India Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: 'I have three degrees. Why am I delivering your lunch?' Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Two ways to calculate how much you need to save for retirement Report on Business At age 22 and 23, these sisters have both founded their own startups News Kevin O’Leary calls fine for missing debate unfair News U.S. revises immigration executive order, dropping Iraq from list of banned Muslim-majority countries News Ottawa examining details of new Trump immigration ban: Goodale Report on Business India's gold imports surge on pent-up demand Life Chef Basics: These easy crab cakes make for a tasty appetizer or quick lunch Report on Business PSA promises Opel turnaround after takeover Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking News Nashville Zoo welcomes rare baby clouded Arts Ross King on what inspired his prize-winning Monet biography ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Planning ahead: Some day, your financial adviser will retire, too Report on Business What business students look for when searching school websites More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Notley promotes Alberta’s environmental agenda at energy conference Arts National Film Board seeks female cinematographers, composers, writers Most popular March 7: Your daily horoscope Freeland warns Canadians to beware of Russian disinformation Critics take aim at Trump’s new version of immigration order Travel privileges under review for father of fallen U.S. Muslim soldier; Toronto talk cancelled John Doyle: Larry King and the bizarre, bracing TV that is Russia Today X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Business Search Search SIGN IN Subscribe IraqIraqi Troops Capture Mosul Government Complex From ISIS Militants AustraliaAustralian City Tests Out Female Pedestrian Crossing Lights in a Push for Gender Equality North KoreaKim Jong Nam's Murder Likely Means Dangerous Times Ahead for Members of North Korea's Ruling Family ChinaChinese Authorities Want to Fly Tourists to Disputed Islands stocks Dow Jones Closes at Record High for 12th Consecutive Session Caroline Valetkevitch / Reuters Feb 27, 2017 (NEW YORK) — U.S. stocks ended slightly higher on Monday and the Dow closed at a record high for a 12th straight session, as President Donald Trump said he would make a "big" infrastructure statement on Tuesday. The Dow 's streak of record-high closes matches a 12-day run in 1987, with Boeing and UnitedHealth among the biggest boosts for the Dow on Monday. The S&P 500 also closed at a record high. Energy gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500, with the energy index up 0.9 percent. Trump, who met with state governors at the White House, also said he is seeking what he called a "historic" increase in military spending of more than 9 percent, while he said his administration would be "moving quickly" on regulatory reforms. The comments came ahead of Trump's first address to a joint session of Congress Tuesday evening. Investors are looking for more specifics on Trump's plans, given the hefty gains in the market since the Nov. 8 election. "Things are moving along in terms of the Trump agenda, but we'll get a clearer picture after tomorrow night so that might precipitate some buying or selling," said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama. Hellwig and others said there's potentially more upside than dow nside from the address, given how the market has reacted in recent weeks. Shares of U.S. defense companies - Boeing, Raytheon , General Dynamics and Lockheed Martin - rose after Trump said he would seek to boost Pentagon spending by $54 billion in his first budget proposal. Boeing was up 1.1 percent while UnitedHealth was up 1.4 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 15.68 points, or 0.08 percent, to close at 20,837.44, the S&P 500 gained 2.39 points, or 0.10 percent, to 2,369.73 and the Nasdaq Composite added 16.59 points, or 0.28 percent, to 5,861.90. In its 1987 12-day streak of record-high closes, the Dow rose 9.2 percent compared with just a 3.9 percent gain in the recent record run. While the S&P 500 is up 10.8 percent since the Nov. 8 election, the pace of the rally has slowed this year. Trump's promise a few weeks ago of a "phenomenal" tax announcement helped rekindle the post-election rally, driving the main U.S. markets to record highs. Time Warner ended up 0.9 percent after news that the head of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission does not expect to review AT&T Inc's planned $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner. AT&T slipped 1.3 percent. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.87-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 63 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 143 new highs and 45 new lows. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. SIGN IN SUBSCRIBE Search Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health TIME Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos The Goods TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People The 25 Best Inventions of 2015 Future of Giving Global Trade Know Right Now Next Generation Leaders Person of the Year 2015 Top 10 Everything of 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service Follow TIME SHARE Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing sounds out Indian carriers on 737 MAX-10 aircraft By Reuters Published: 09:10 EST, 3 March 2017 | Updated: 09:10 EST, 3 March 2017 e-mail By Rachit Vats and Ankit Ajmera March 3 (Reuters) - Boeing Co has approached India's SpiceJet Ltd and Jet Airways Ltd as it gauges airlines' interest in its 737 MAX-10 aircraft, the stretched version of the yet-to-be-delivered 737 MAX narrow-body jetliner, a senior executive said. Indian carriers are rapidly expanding to meet demand in the world's fastest-growing aviation market, with most of the growth involving flights into and out of the country's biggest cities. "We have presented it to both the airlines what the airplane looks like, and it's in a very preliminary stage," Dinesh Keskar, senior vice president, Asia Pacific and India sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, told Reuters. "If you are flying to the metros this (737 MAX-10) will be a perfect airplane, because runways are long, demand is there, frequency is already there." Airplane makers typically line up orders before deciding whether to formally undertake building a new aircraft. SpiceJet and Jet Airways have the option to substitute some of their existing orders of MAX planes with the MAX-10, Keskar said. In January, budget airline SpiceJet agreed to buy 100 new 737 MAXs aircraft with an option for 50 more, while Jet Airways had 75 orders for the 737 MAX through January 2017. SpiceJet and Jet Airways did not respond to requests for comment. Boeing is creating up to five versions of MAX, which will replace the current 737 "NG" introduced in 1997 and offer greater fuel efficiency. The company has been looking at the feasibility of the 737 MAX-10 - the biggest aircraft in the MAX family - to take on rival Airbus, which has had strong sales of its A321neo, its largest single-aisle aircraft. The first MAX model in production, the MAX-8, is on track to reach customers by mid-year. The A321neo competes with Boeing's MAX-9, which carries a list price of $116.6 million and seats as many as 220 passengers. The A321neo seats as many as 236 and has a list price of $127 million. Keskar said the incremental cost to operate the MAX-10 is going to be very little and airlines may face slightly higher costs on fuel, food and an extra cabin attendant. "But your potential gain in the revenue will be phenomenal," he said. (Reporting by Rachit Vats and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Happy birthday partner! Ryan Gosling joins Eva Mendes as she celebrates turning 43 with family in Los Angeles His leading lady Corrie's Tina O'Brien admits she's putting off planning her wedding to fiancé Adam Crofts... and says her daughter wants her to wear a 'meringue dress' Anything for her princess! Pregnant Beyonce dresses five-year-old Blue Ivy in £21K silk-chiffon Gucci dress for Beauty And The Beast premiere BBC viewers are left RAGING as it's revealed the winners of Gary Barlow's Let It Shine will only be backing singers and NOT feature as a Take That-style band 'I forgive you for not always being there': Lily Collins pens an open letter to her music legend father forgiving him for 'not being the dad I expected' TV presenter Cherry Healey talks about lunch on the go, her three-year-old son's love of healthy eating as she tries M&S' new sushi  SPONSORED Flop Gear: Two million viewers abandon BBC's tribute act to Clarkson and Co - CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 'I'm maternal': Kate Moss discusses her model protégés as she stages her first talent agency photoshoot for VOGUE magazine The model mother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: One way to pass the time! Lauren Goodger swaps swimwear for lingerie as she flaunts slim figure in lace body on boozy Dubai trip I'm not exactly wealthy, says Joan Collins (who is worth £24million): Star, 83, blasts suggestion she is rich because she has no 'f**** you' money It's Kim the movie star! Kardashian makes her Oceans Eight cameo... and bares her figure in sheer lace gown Back to (big screen) business 'Be beautiful': Irina Shayk stuns in cleavage-baring snapshot of herself in sheer lace bralette Was up front with her Instagram followers He should be so lucky! Window washer stumbles upon Kylie Minogue in her Sydney hotel room and the good sport singer poses for a cheeky snap  'Miss you so much papa!' Sheridan Smith dedicates fourth Olivier Award nomination to late father Colin after being recognised for leading role in Funny Girl 'I didn't see that coming!': Emmerdale fans are left in shock as Joanie Wright suddenly dies minutes after being released from prison Unexpected shock EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm 18 weeks pregnant!' MIC finally teases the moment Binky Felstead tells her gobsmacked pals she's expecting a baby in the first trailer Worse for wear Julianne Hough and Nina Dobrev show some battle scars from wild bachelorette weekend as they return home to Los Angeles EXCLUSIVE: Trouble brewing? Louis Tomlinson gets the coffees in at his LA home as he calls in 'Mad Dog' lawyer to oversee airport bust-up defence  'I love my wife a lot': Joe Manganiello reveals he flew across the country to take wife Sofia Vergara on their first date... as he gushes she is 'the one' 'They are real divas': Call The Midwife's Charlotte Ritchie discusses the perils of working with newborn babies... as she teases upcoming wedding plot Suits you! Emma Watson wears two glamorous outfits for TV appearance...after defending herself as a feminist She means business 'Haters will say it's photoshopped': Kim Kardashian posts tongue-in-cheek Snapchat photo of hourglass figure Poking fun Smooch! Bella Thorne and Chandler Parsons share steamy make-out session during holiday in Mexico Another day, another new beau 'I wanted John Bishop to smash it - all it's done is make me want to smash my TV': ITV's troubled Nightly Show gets a new host but is STILL slammed by fans Rihanna is covered up in HUGE lime green coat... while braless supermodels bare ALL at Fenty x Puma Paris Fashion Week extravaganza Lily Donaldson shows off her incredible figure as she struts onto Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW runway in a tiny yellow crop top and sporty shorts Stella Maxwell leaves nothing to the imagination as she flashes entire underboob at Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW show 'Dream's cousin Reign is the sweetest': Rob Kardashian shares heart-melting video of Kourtney's son kissing his baby daughter A mother's love Playtime! Chrissy Teigen shares fun Snapchat video with daughter Luna after revealing she's being treated for postpartum depression 'She is absolutely stealing this series': Julie Hesmondhalgh is praised for her role as a rape victim... but viewers are left alarmed with police treatment The victim is terrorised again and her husband destroys evidence...The dark secrets were just beginning in Broadchurch, by Jim Shelley  No Bad Blood here! Tom Hiddleston poses backstage with Taylor Swift's longtime pal Ed Sheeran Still pals with her squad despite split Could there be terror on the cobbles? Corrie's Rob Donovan is pictured back at ITV studios after his character got sentenced for 25 years for killing Tina McIntyre  FIRST LOOK! Former Lois & Clark star Teri Hatcher returns to comic book genre as she debuts on Supergirl... as a villain Played Lois Lane  Jennifer Lopez flaunts her ample cleavage and hourglass curves in a figure-hugging grey dress as she films Watch What Happens Live Superstar Adele gifts three-year-old with chronic lung condition tickets to her Brisbane concert... after the little girl used her songs to 'learn to sing again' Smoking hot! Jonah Hill puffs on cigarette as he shows off slimmer frame in denim on solo outing Looked slimmer than ever 'I should f**k Miley Cyrus': Nick Cannon rambles on YouTube after 'leaving the No. 1 show on TV to promote a mix tape' Bizarre clip  'Young love!' Bella Hadid and Yolanda Foster give Anwar and his older girlfriend Nicola Peltz their blessings as they post sweet kissing snap Workout queen! Bella Thorne flashes flesh in revealing mesh top and black bra for aerobics session Not exactly the usual gym gear 'Little legends': Chris Hemsworth posts VERY cute snap of his two sons after overhearing their hilarious advice for not 'being eaten by a crocodile' in Byron Bay Katie Maloney cries after Lisa Vanderpump declines to officiate her wedding on Vanderpump Rules Keeps arguing with her fiancé Doing a Taylor? Kylie Minogue reveals breakup album following her split with Joshua Sasse as she stuns in slinky slip dress at Specsavers event 'Can we please just do it?' Kylie Minogue reaffirms support for Oz marriage equality after ex-fiance Joshua Sasse ditches their Say I Do Down Under campaign  Supermarket sweep! Charlize Theron swaps haute couture for laidback chic as she steps out in a pair of burgundy joggers while grocery shopping in LA Make-up free Mena Suvari works up a sweat at Cycle for Survival to support rare cancer research Got on her bike for charity  The mane attraction! Jennifer Lopez is a modern day Rapunzel as she rocks an impossibly long ponytail Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair! Laura Whitmore shows off her enviably slender pins in a pair of skin-tight leather trousers as she attends musical showcase in Soho  EXCLUSIVE 'I cry when I'm tired and hungry': Jourdan Dunn on toll of modelling, quitting her 'heavy' dependency on psychics and starstruck partying with Beyoncé Who's that? Marion Cotillard sheds demure image with long locks and plumped lips in shots from new film Share sultry photos from her latest comedy 'Chill out people!' Madonna posts sweet snap of newly adopted twins as she teases Rebel Heart DVD release Going strong! Felicity Huffman shines in black dress with plunging neckline at gala with William H. Macy in NYC She's never looked better  Taking tips? Pregnant Cheryl posts adoring comment on pal Kimberley Walsh's mothering snap... as speculation rumbles over baby's birth David Beckham dons his best tweed flat cap to shoot an advert in the park in London... and brings along his beloved pooch Olive as his co-star Fast woman! Rita Ora covers up in quirky off-duty ensemble as she arrives back in Paris for more Fashion Week fun after last week's flying visit to the capital Newly engaged Samira Wiley hits Miami for bachelorette party with OINTB costars Danielle Brooks and Uzo Aduba Carole King stuns the West End cast of Beautiful as she makes a surprise visit to see them perform her hits Left the leading lady of the musical gobsmacked Flying solo! Makeup free Ruby Rose leaves Sydney Airport without her popstar girlfriend Jessica Origliasso following loved-up display The Force is no longer with him! Ewan McGregor is unrecognisable as overweight and balding criminal in teaser for new season of Fargo Top of the crops! Julianne Hough shows off her abs of steel in gym photoshoot Looked super fit as she posed up a storm at the gym 'I quit drugs': SNL's Pete Davidson, 23, admits he's 'happy and sober' for the first time in eight years Emotional post on Monday Talk about a babyface! Lisa Kudrow, 53, looks ageless in black as she stars at Boss Baby event in Beverly Hills Never seems to get any older Walking to the end together! Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed hold hands on stroll ahead of Vampire Diaries series finale All bite on the night Jack Cassidy from The Partridge Family group tries out on The Voice and picks Alicia Keys to be his coach The Voice could bring back a new era Salma Hayek stuns in a lace column dress at the Alexander McQueen PFW Show... before nipping across town to catch Rihanna's new collection  The couple that dresses together... Lionel Richie, 67, matches in black with younger girlfriend Lisa Parigi Out and about Emma Roberts' Range Rover 'hit a tree at her tequila-themed birthday party after valet forgot to put vehicle in park' Not the best surprise when she left Leather and lace! Kristen Bell pairs white patterned top with black mini skirt for NBC party in Hollywood Always looks the part Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk gives Paris Fashion Week a miss and pounds the New York sidewalk in a casual white beanie and stylish forest green coat The ride of his life! Dita Von Teese gives her Devonshire Rex cat Aleister a lift on top of her designer luggage as she makes her way through LAX Baby One More Time! Britney Spears does grueling crunches as she preps for Vegas residency She is focused on fitness for her return to stage Bra-vo! Elisha Cuthbert exposes her undergarment in gray sheer top at premiere for Goon: Last Of The Enforcers Sheer delight 'He needed a wheelchair!' Kate Garraway reveals two-week sex challenge with husband ended in A&E... as she relives crotch-less knicker HORROR Lady in red! Brooke Shields is radiant in sleeveless dress at fundraising gala in NYC Brooke wore her long brunette hair loose and sleekly styled She's ripped! Hilary Duff shows off her toned legs in torn skinny jeans as she goes on a coffee run in LA  Needed a caffeine fix as she ran errands Heather Locklear looks happy and healthy as she suns herself in a bikini on Hawaii break with daughter Ava after rehab rumors Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks to team up onscreen for the first time in Steven Spielberg drama The Post Two Oscar-winning legends unite PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Marriage is a walk in the park! Michelle Keegan joins husband Mark Wright for a stroll with dogs... after shooting down 'marital strife'  Englishwoman in New York! Trudie Styler looks effortlessly stylish without husband Sting at Our Dream Of Water premiere Looked chic Ashley Tisdale works up a sweat at the gym after slamming Twitter troll who said she looked 'pregnant' High School Musical star was back to working out Bringing the 90s back! Sofia Richie looks hip in over-sized denim jacket and retro sunglasses The 18-year-old looked casual in a pair of baggy Givenchy track pants A flare for fashion! Karlie Kloss steps out in baggy red trousers as she stretches her legs in New York Rocking some chic Seventies style EXCLUSIVE! 'My gut said don't do it': MIC's resident musician Julius Cowdrey reveals he had the chance to be on The Voice and X Factor... but it didn't feel right 'I'm really happy': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Shay gushes about new boyfriend Robert Valletta Split from her husband in November  She's a Barbie girl! Sophie Monk proves she's still a kid at heart as she posts a bizarre video of her playing dolls with her niece A very pregnant Beyonce dazzles in emerald gown as Jay Z and Blue Ivy look on at premiere of Beauty And The Beast in newly released images She's a catwalk queen after all... Chuckling Bella Hadid is presented with tiara by vying admirer while looking slick in white suit during Paris outing Dancing On Ice'to make a surprise comeback' three years after it was axed... as ITV bosses 'believe the decision to cancel the show was a mistake'  Oops! Farrah Abraham suffers wardrobe malfunction as she spills out of VERY revealing bikini during shoot in LA Harry Potter And The Cursed Child is up for ELEVEN Olivier awards...the most ever for a new West End play  Wowing critics and audiences 'Anyone who has success in this industry is marginalized!' Cate Blanchett defends 'cultural elite' and says her moral compass is in her VAGINA  Here comes Heidi! Klum looks set to make a cameo appearance in Ocean's Eight as she's pictured on set There is a very impressive line up Sweet like candy! Millie Mackintosh struts her way to a meeting in Paris in a bubblegum pink power suit with feathered cuffs Specs appeal! Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor rocks the geek chic look in overalls, glasses and a cardigan Biking around! Pierce Brosnan enjoys a beachside bicycle ride with wife Keely Shaye Smith James Bond's ride of choice is an Aston Martin Brooklyn Beckham sparks rumours his romance with Chloe Moretz is back on as the exes engage in cryptic social media interaction six months after split 'It's not been the easiest times of late': Kylie Minogue breaks her silence on split from fiance Joshua Sasse revealing 'I have no regrets' Her two biggest hits! Iggy Azalea flaunts her artificial assets in a VERY racy swimsuit and thigh-high boots after announcing her rap comeback 'Things can go amazingly and there can be ups and downs': Ruby Rose speaks about her relationship with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Tea time! Reese Witherspoon wears flirty dress as she picks up iced beverage in LA day after her hit series Big Little Lies airs riveting episode An epic voyage cast adrift in a sea of tears and whingeing: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000 online threats making her too scared to leave her house'  Ana Becerra, 22 He's got specs appeal! Justin Bieber wears his favourite glasses and flaunts his tattooed biceps as he exercises and heads to skate park before Perth show 'I look stupid skinny!' Amy Schumer reveals she hated her body after shedding pounds for Trainwreck 'I'm what Hollywood calls, very fat' 'Everybody was so nice!' Paris Jackson gushes about making her acting debut on Fox TV musical drama Star Plays a social media guru  Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff - and threatens to block anyone who deems the image 'inappropriate' They're out! Original Real Housewives Of New Jersey cast members Jacqueline Laurita and Kathy Wakile 'axed from season eight' Warrant out for Azealia Banks after she fails to attend a court session related to 2015 incident in which she allegedly bit female nightclub bouncer's breast PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: You know that I want you! Lady Gaga gives Christian Carino a lingering kiss... while he offers her his jacket on night out 'This film is one of inclusiveness!' Josh Gad praises Beauty And The Beast for embracing 'unity' as he plays Disney's first gay character Buckle up! Brie Larson puts on a leggy display in 1960s-inspired mini-dress as she hits promotional trail for Kong: Skull Island Chic Melissa George makes rare public appearance at Hermes show at Paris Fashion Week after alleged domestic violence incident with partner Winning! Jon Cryer to make big return to TV after two-year hiatus with ABC comedy pilot Losing It The two-time Emmy-winning star  Real Housewives of Miami star Joanna Krupa shows off her toned figure in a skin-tight strapless dress as she steps out at canine charity event in Warsaw 'Good times!': Jennifer Lopez beams with Leah Remini and Derek Hough at Shades Of Blue viewing party as season two gets off to nice start The Talented Mr Damon: Boston native Matt will narrate a new documentary about the marathon bombing in his hometown Lends his voice 'There's talk!' Jax Taylor reveals possible Vanderpump Rules spin-off will follow his relationship with Brittany Cartwright Fan favourites From Ramsay street to Robin Hood! Margot Robbie lands second successive LEAD role after being cast as Marian in re-imagining of classic folk tale Megan McKenna and Amber Turner enjoy a girls' night out in Essex... as their love life drama airs in explosive new series of TOWIE Cara Delevingne shows off her striking new platinum blonde locks as she steps out in cool off-duty look in Paris Doting mommy! Charlize Theron shows off slim frame in leggings and baggy sweater as she treats young son Jackson to lunch in LA 'You're the most beautiful girl in the room': Chrissy Metz  reveals the sweet note boyfriend Josh Stancil wrote her ahead of a red carpet appearance Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber awkwardly clutches his back-up dancer in Perth performance, after taking to the stage more than half an hour late  Anna Faris and Eugenio Derbez to recreate Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell comedy classic Overboard Joshua Jackson shares a laugh with Teen Wolf actress pal Crystal Reed Don't Reed too much into who this ex couple have been hanging out with 'We are beyond blessed': Jamie Lynn Spears reflects on 'worst nightmare' one month after daughter's life threatening ATV accident 'There's something I need that I can't get from you!' Chloe Sims shoots down Liam Gatsby's attempts to win her back Details of the engagement: Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, had TWO chaperones during proposal that took place while on a horse trail in Arkansas 'Our kids should not be held hostage': Chance The Rapper to donate $1 million to Chicago Public Schools after 'unsuccessful' meeting with governor 'Ask God to heal her!' Fantasia cancels concert after suffering second degree burns on her arm Had to cancel a concert in Memphis  The pecs factor! Joe McElderry shows off his impressive weight-loss in a sizzling shirtless snap Former X Factor winner has been working out Bethenny Frankel goes skinny dipping, shares girl on girl kiss and sobs over MORE cheating claims about Luann's man in explosive RHONY trailer 'She RUINED her!' Lorde's fans take to social media to bash Taylor Swift after complaining about the New Zealand native's new track Making Hollywood friends! UFC fighter Ronda Rousey bonds with Jaimie Alexander as she tapes guest appearance for TV's Blindspot Which of Nick Viall's female suitors on The Bachelor will take the trip to Mexico for Bachelor In Paradise? Fans already know who The Bachelorette will be 'It's a myth that men have the lead': Kyle Sandilands, 45, reveals girlfriend Imogen Anthony, 26, is in control of life at home Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto flashes her abs as they leave dinner date hand-in-hand Danniella Westbrook dons a colourful kaftan and treats herself to cocktails as she hits the pool in Spain with a pal Recently hinted she is planning another boob job Style setter Sienna Miller shows off her quirky dress sense in a cosy knitted hat and oversized coat as she takes her dog for a walk in New York EOTB star Chloe Goodman's plunging swimsuit barely contains her impressive bust as she flaunts her curves while jet skiing in Lanzarote Ready for spring! Love star Gillian Jacobs steps out in denim mini dress with floral motifs at season 2 premiere of Netflix series Chloe Khan flaunts her incredibly svelte figure as she poses in nothing but a THONG for titillating Snapchat... after split from Ashley Cain Worse for wear Chloe Lewis FINALLY goes public with new beau Danny Fisher as they lock lips while frolicking in the street on London night out Lauren Goodger suffer MAJOR social media fail as she accidentally shares PR message to accompany her throwback Instagram snap A blank canvas! Ashley Graham strips down to pose NUDE in new campaign for Prabal Gurung's first ever plus-size collection  Leggy Sophie Turner displays her endless pins in black leather hotpants as she touches down in Paris with boyfriend Joe Jonas  'Starting to get back into shape': Greg Rutherford flashes his perfectly sculpted abs in nothing but grey shorts for sizzling Instagram selfie Emma Watson reveals VERY intimate details of her beauty routine - down to her preferred brand of pubic hair oil and why she bathes up to THREE times a day Blushing bride! Betty White, 95, wears wedding dress during teaser for upcoming episode of TV's Young & Hungry with Emily Osment Amy Schumer is shocked when Bachelor star Nick Viall records video message saying his 'one regret' was not meeting her on reality show Party of two! Makeup-free Jennifer Love Hewitt makes rare sighting during shopping spree in LA with husband of four years Brian Hallisay New mom Amber Tamblyn poses for a candid selfie in a breast milk-stained T-shirt to document the realities of life as a mother, just two weeks after giving birth to a baby daughter 'My boo': Iman shares rare snap of Lexi, 16, as she posts sweet message for her daughter with David Bowie Her parents' beauty So what, I'm still a cot star! Pink shares snap of baby Jameson putting his vocal cords to work Jameson Moon  looked to be engaged in some loud crying  Ready fur a bonding day! Keri Russell sports distinctive wintry hat as she and Matthew Rhys enjoy Sunday stroll with their baby boy Astonishing footage shows snarling 1D star Louis Tomlinson 'wrestling photographer and manhandling a female fan' moments before police arrest him Kendall Jenner nails casual glamour in racy mesh leotard and boyfriend jeans as she heads out in Paris for another day at Fashion Week Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff while revealing pants are 'optional' in her house on Sundays 'Milk life!': Amber Tamblyn shares a selfie where she has breast milk stains on her T-shirt after feeding her newborn girl 'We were both terrified!': Pregnant Chanelle Hayes thought she was dying from cancer before being told she was expecting her second child 'You don't get to tell me what's wrong with MY body!' Sports Illustrated's size 16 swimwear model Hunter McGrady hits back at critics,  She's FIVE times the supermodel they'll ever be! Coco Rocha stars on a variety of glamorous covers for the latest issue of Fashion Magazine 'I felt selfish saying I was struggling': Chrissy Teigen reveals she suffered with postpartum depression after the birth of daughter Luna Scarlett Johansson continues to go ring-free amid rumours she's split from Romain Dauriac as she takes daughter to LA park Single mum? Ahoy, captain! Julianne Hough leads her bachelorette babes in sexy swimsuit on a luxury yacht as the party continues in the Gulf of Mexico 'It was incredibly eye-opening': Heartbroken Ed Sheeran is reduced to tears during Comic Relief trip to Liberia as he sings with young girl whose father died at hands of Ebola Where's my TARDIS? Lily James and boyfriend Matt Smith make rare public appearance together as they go for a casual shopping trip in the rain Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn flaunts her ample assets in a plunging dress as she parties with boxer Floyd Mayweather in Newcastle SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Maria Connor makes a dramatic return as she is released from prison... and has a fiery encounter with Aidan Letting her hair down! Tiffany Trump goes zip-lining in the jungle while on vacation in Belize with boyfriend Ross - as her father faces controversy over Obama tapping claims Imogen Thomas flashes her slender pins in a flirty thigh-skimming mini dress as she enjoys dinner in London  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd tenderly cradles her bump as she enjoys casual pub lunch with fiancé Michael O'Neill and her three children Blossoming stomach Eighties boy band Bros cancel more than half the dates on their £10m comeback tour, sparking speculation it was because of poor ticket sales  'My wife loves my sausage in the hole': Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield get into hysterics over Gino D'Acampo's innuendo-filled cooking segment A flare for fashion! Bella Hadid rocks a vintage look in a blue velvet tracksuit and quirky orange shades as she steps out in Paris New eye-catching outfit Gnat impressed! Adele hilariously shrieks onstage as she attempts to fend off a swarm of mosquitos at her Brisbane gig Left audience in stitches  'We get it, she has boobs!': TOWIE fans left confused after cameraman zooms in on Kate Wright's sweaty chest TWICE during her workout TOWIE's Dan Edgar gets VERY cosy with newbie Amber Turner... after furiously denying being anything more than friends in explosive scenes  Claudia Schiffer does her best supermodel strut as she shows off enviably toned legs in skintight jeans while out and about in London Supermodel strut Well she does host Saturday Night Takeaway! Make-up free Scarlett Moffatt enjoys a day off the diet as she gets pizza delivery after losing three dress sizes 'She's FINALLY in a good relationship': will.i.am reveals he approves of pregnant Cheryl's union with Liam Payne... but REFUSES to confirm birth Russian model Elena Perminova wears a sheer bralet OVER her white crop top and very high-slit skirt at Giambattista Valli's PFW show LACY Mecklenburgh: Former TOWIE star wears red and black dress with semi-sheer panel as she attends Leonard Paris fashion show... after finding love Kendall Jenner rocks leather top as she shows off impressive singing skills for music video... but it turns out to be Elle King Music video advert Iskra Lawrence exhibits her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging suede midi dress as she heads to dinner in LA Blessed with killer curves Check her out! Rita Ora showcases her honed pins in thigh-grazing gingham sundress as she steps out in London Oozed spring vibes  Myleene Klass cuts a chic figure in tapered pink trousers and giant shades as she heads to her radio show Turning heads as she sashayed to work 'Trump should not have been elected': Leighton Meester admits the election tops the birth of HITLER as the historical event she would change 'Your stomach is small again in the last shot?' Pregnant Cheryl baffles fans while showing off svelte frame in newly-released images Prince Michael Jackson takes on his father's legacy and announces a new organization to help hungry kids Good example Lady Victoria Hervey showcases her enviable toned body in skimpy multi coloured bikini as she enjoys a day on the beach with male pal Athan Kallas in Malibu Emma Watson oozes elegance in a shift dress at LA Beauty And The Beast photocall... after hitting back at critics over braless photoshoot Bad feminism? Emily Blunt looks elegant in the most delightful way as she wears a stylish red coat with blue hat while shooting scenes for Mary Poppins Returns PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven't done yourself or feminism any favours this week, you've just made a right t*t of yourself Trouble in paradise? Body language expert warns Harry and Meghan look 'awkward' in Jamaica photos and says the Prince may already be BORED Family affair! Willow Smith showcases her eclectic style in a chic denim bomber jacket as she jets into Paris with brother Jaden ahead of Louis Vuitton show 'She smelled like baby wipes!': Katy Perry's fan club members react when finally meeting their idol at iHeart Awards as she poses for selfies 'Family day': Nick Cannon shows off new baby in very rare photo with his grandmother, mother and the twins he had with Mariah Carey Family times Chris Evans looks glum during family trip to the park with his wife and their two sons... hours before Top Gear returns to screens without him 'I'd take him to therapy': Stacey Solomon reveals she would ask boyfriend Joe Swash to seek help if he decided he didn't want to marry her Sex and the seedy world of the Oscar winning Afflecks: Casey may have won a gong - to add to elder brother Ben's two - but there's a darker side Black to basics: Salma Hayek flaunts her curves in embellished dress as she joins Pamela Anderson and Lily Donaldson at Stella McCartney's PFW show 'I still get nervous trying new things!': Karlie Kloss talks shaping her style as she shows off her incredible figure in new Express campaign Keeping it wheel! Cameron Diaz cuts a casually chic figure in jeans and a jumper as she shops for groceries with a friend  In all her natural glory Allison Williams strips off for X-rated scene with Alex Karpovsky as she puts on a VERY raunchy display in Girls Leaving nothing to the imagination Pregnant Chelsee Healey shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a tight nude top and flares as she steps out for the first time since announcing baby joy A slender Kylie Minogue looks drained as she steps out for breakfast with her dad in Melbourne... one month after split from fiance Joshua Sasse Riding high: The Queen looks elegant in a silk scarf as she heads out on her beloved Fell pony for a trot along the Thames near Windsor Castle Happy birthday, Prince Oscar! Swedish royal tucks into a slice of cake as he celebrates his first year with an adorable photoshoot Sweet new images Megan McKenna appears FURIOUS while filming TOWIE after she admits she's only '20% happy' with boyfriend Pete Wicks following explosive series opener Girls' night out! Ferne McCann looks leggy in just an oversized designer tee and heels as she hits the town with demure Chloe Lewis TOWIE stars 'Geraldine' Horner looks casual yet chic in a navy dolly coat and skinny jeans as she takes baby son Montague for a stroll Enjoying quality time Chantelle Connelly shows off enviably slender figure and toned abs as she tops up her tan on the beach during idyllic Caribbean getaway 'I'm never getting married!' Susanna Reid reveals why she's not ready to date... as she admits she loves bantering with her GMB co-host Piers Morgan It's NOT Better Best Forgotten: Steps have reunited for a new pop song with the help of ABBA as they release music for the first time in FIVE years Chris Brown's ex Karrueche Tran 'prepares to face the singer in court in a bid to get a permanent restraining order' Courtroom showdown 'She's incredibly excited!' Chanelle Hayes announces she's pregnant with her second child... following fears weight gain had left her infertile 'Working mothers should never feel guilty, they should feel proud': Victoria Beckham reveals how she really feels about juggling a career with family life Heavily pregnant Billie Faiers shows off bump in chic black midi dress as she and a glam Frankie Essex arrive at Amy Childs' baby shower Lock-ing lips! TOWIE star James enjoys very passionate smooch with new girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou after making public apology for using his phone at the wheel Newly-slim Tina Malone can't hide her excitement as she books boob job and skin removal procedure... after facing cruel trolls over her 'wrinkly skin' 'I always wanted to look like Miley Cyrus': Katy Perry admits she wants to help 'redefine femininity' with her new blonde bob... following her Orlando Bloom split Back to work! Ruby Rose flaunts trim pins at stylish launch in Sydney... after celebrating Mardi Gras with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso The 'young one' from Britain's Got Talent act Stavros Flatley is arrested after police find a 'cannabis factory' worth over £50,000 in his London flat Lauren Pope flaunts her incredibly toned abs in a sexy cut-out swimsuit as she treats fans to a sizzling throwback selfie Dazzling  In the pink! The Hills star Jason Wahler jubilant as he and wife Ashley reveal they're expecting a baby girl Once-troubled reality star of The Hills fame 'It can be traumatic!' Spice Girl Melanie C says she sympathises with Louis Tomlinson after the One Direction star is arrested for airport altercation 'They got MARRIED!' Martine McCutcheon and Hugh Grant have big news in Love Actually Comic Relief reboot... but he admits he can't remember his lines Chest too much! Christina Milian has cleavage showdown with Katy Perry and Kelsea Ballerini on the iHeart Radio Music Awards red carpet 'Thick thighs save lives': Demi Lovato brags about her toned legs in silver mini-dress as she hits up the iHeartRadio Music Awards 'F**king b***h!' TOWIE's Gatsby lashes out at 'clown' Pete Wicks in violent altercation... following expletive-laden row with 'chav' Megan McKenna Orange is the new blonde! Pixie Lott ditches her trademark platinum 'do as she debuts newly-dyed apricot locks Pop princess Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Toggle Menu Homepage AboutWho We Are About The Center Contact Us Reynolds Center Staff Bios Awards & FellowshipsOpportunities for You Barlett & Steele Awards Reynolds Week in Business Journalism TrainingEnhance Your Skills Self-Guided Training Workshops and Webinars How to Cover Money Podcast Money NewsMoney in the media Must Read Money Stories Beats Agriculture Census Reporting Companies Community Business Journalism Economy Energy | Utilities | Mining Financials Green | Sustainability Health care Insurance Investing | Banking Labor and Employment Manufacturing Personal finance Politics Private Companies and Nonprofits Real estate | Econ development Retail | Lifestyle SEC data Small Business Sports and Money Technology Transportation | Airlines | Travel Ebooks Podcasts Careers & Jobs Contact Us Must-Read Money Stories for Friday, March 3 by Jennifer Backer March 3, 2017 Share this! U.S. officials raided the Illinois-based offices of large machinery manufacturer Caterpillar on Thursday, Reuters reported. (“Machinery” photo via Pexels). Caterpillar shares fall after Fed raid Federal officials raided three Illinois-based facilities owned by the heavy machinery manufacturer Caterpillar Inc. on Thursday, Reuters reported. It still isn’t clear why officials conducted the searches, but Caterpillar suggested they may be tied to an Internal Revenue Service investigation on profits earned by a Swiss subsidiary. U.S. officials confirmed they had searched the facilities, but declined to provide a reason for the searches. Caterpillar shares dropped sharply after the news was made public. Boeing’s massive layoffs Bloomberg reported plane manufacturer Boeing Inc. announced it is eliminating at least 1,800 jobs in the Seattle area amid pressure to cut costs in the extremely competitive commercial-aircraft market. More than 1,500 mechanics have agreed to voluntary layoffs, in addition to another 305 engineers and technical workers, the wire service reported. Boeing first announced the buyouts to employees in December. There also are plans to cut commercial-airplane jobs by leaving open positions unfilled and involuntary layoffs, a company spokesperson told Bloomberg. Snapchat soars 44 percent on Day One Shares of Snap, the parent company of the disappearing-photo app Snapchat, closed up 44 percent on Thursday, the day of its market debut. The successful initial public offering could encourage other tech companies to go public, reported The New York Times. Snap shares opened on the New York Stock Exchange at $24, up from the initial public offering price of $17 a share, and closed at $24.48. That’s roughly three times the market value of Twitter. Although the Snapchat app still isn’t making money, investors are attracted to the service’s average 158 users per day. U.S. jobless claims at 44-year low The U.S. labor market continues to strengthen as data showing the number of American filing for unemployment benefits fell to near a 44-year low last week, Reuters reported. That’s prompted speculation that the stronger labor market and rising inflation will prompt the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates this month. Initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropped 19,000 to a seasonally adjusted 223,000 for the week ended Feb. 25, the lowest level since March 1973, the Labor Department said on Thursday.       Related Posts Must-Read Money Stories for Tuesday, Feb. 28 Must-Read Money Stories for Wednesday, March 1 Must-Read Money Stories for Thursday, March 2 Must-Read Money Stories Search Our Site Search for: Subscribe to Our Podcast     Latest News LGBT-Owned Business: Stats and Facts Share this!LGBT-owned businesses can be a valuable topic for business March 6, 2017 Must-Read Money Stories for Monday, March 6 Share this!Another re-org for Deutsche Bank The supervisory board of Deutsche March 6, 2017 Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism Walter Cronkite School of Journalism & Mass Communication Arizona State University 555 N. Central Ave. Suite 306 Phoenix, AZ 85004-1248 602-496-5555 businessjournalism@businessjournalism.org The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication © 2016 Copyright Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism. All Rights reserved. Privacy Policy   Close Window Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two. Get daily money story ideas when you get Must Read Money delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe to our mailing list
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Snapchat IPO CERAWeek SXSW Trader Talk CNBC Disruptor 50 Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Trading Nation Trading Nation Trader Bios Videos One of the hottest Trump trades is about to soar even higher: Strategist Annie Pei Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 7:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Trading Nation: Great potential in defense space    Thursday, 2 Mar 2017 | 2:50 PM ET | 02:18 ‹ 02:18 Trading Nation: Great potential in defense space    03/02/17 2:50 PM ET 03:27 Stocks surge, now what?    03/01/17 3:38 PM ET 04:48 The risks of high-yield ETFs    03/01/17 3:36 PM ET › Defense stocks have been highfliers since the election, and President Donald Trump's recent rhetoric has one strategist betting on growth for the sector. With Honeywell and Raytheon recently hitting record highs and Boeing's leadership sending the Dow Jones industrial average past the 21,000 mark Wednesday, the defense sector has been on a tear, up 17 percent since November's election. The major catalyst for the sector in the past few months had been Trump's proposed commitment to increase defense spending, a point he reiterated in his speech to Congress on Tuesday night. Trump's call to move ahead with "one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history" is exactly what leads Mark Tepper, founder of Strategic Wealth Partners, to bank on more room to run for defense stocks, even from a fundamental standpoint. "These stocks have finally grown into what was previously extended valuations," Tepper said Thursday on CNBC's "Power Lunch." "While being far from cheap, rapid earnings growth in the future has really brought down those forward multiples to an acceptable level." However, not everyone believes in another rally for defense stocks, including Dennis Davitt, partner at Harvest Volatility Management. "There could be potential growth, there could be great volatility [and] it could sell off," he said Thursday on "Power Lunch." "That's a place where you want to either buy [bearish options] to protect your position, or sell out of your position." This year alone, stocks like Boeing and Honeywell are up as much as 17 percent and 9 percent, respectively. But even among defense stocks that haven't hit record highs, names like Northrop Grumman are up more than 25 percent just over the past year. Annie PeiAssociate Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change HON --- NOC --- BA --- RTN --- Trading Nation Here’s what it takes to call stocks undervalued Stocks aren't expensive—so long as you only listen to the market's biggest optimists. The market’s top sector could fly even higher Even with the sector's recent run, some strategists see more upside in technology. Brace your portfolio: Stocks are set to pop and then drop, says Jim Paulsen Stocks are set to fall by year-end, but not before roaring more than 9 percent higher, according to Jim Paulsen. Strange pattern may suggest late-Friday surge for the market The S&P 500 slipped slightly on Friday morning, but recent history may suggest a late-day rally. More From Trading Nation Two market watchers who rang the alarm about Twitter see trouble for Snap One of the hottest Trump trades is about to soar even higher: Strategist Technical analyst warns against making a classic investment mistake Bank stocks could surge 'no matter what' Trump does The fate of Russian stocks hinges on politics and oil The Apple rally will continue, and here’s how I plan to cash in: Trader Stock that’s more than quadrupled is still attracting the bulls Retail stocks, ‘decimated’ by tech, could fall even further The strange energy slide could spell opportunity Trader bets against bonds ahead of Fed meeting About Trading Nation Trading Nation will offer enthusiast traders insights from a group of "Trader Coaches," a collection of expert CNBC Contributors who are well-versed in the daily challenges of trading. Each "Trader Coach" will have a different area of expertise, and will share their unique perspective on the markets, allowing new insights to emerge from this collaboration. Trading Nation is not simply about finding that next trade; it's a forum where enthusiast traders can hear and compare investing ideas in order to build confidence in their trading decisions. On-Air Video Trading Nation: Financial sector slips    Rich Ross, Evercore ISI, and Eddy Elfenbein, "Crossing Wall Street" blog, discuss the financial sector with Brian Sullivan. Trading Nation: Too far, too fast for tech?    Ari Wald of Oppenheimer and Matt Maley of Miller Tabak discuss the state of the market with Brian Sullivan. Trading Nation: Great potential in defense space    President Trump spoke about rebuilding the military. What does this mean for the defense space? The Trading Nation panel discusses. @TradingNation Tweets by @TradingNation Host Brian Sullivan "Power Lunch" Co-Anchor Trading Nation Tutorials How to use the price-to-earnings ratio    Using support and resistance levels    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One NFL Contact Us Privacy Policy Free Trial Consulting IR EB5 CrowdFunding Contributors Marketing Metals Race Horse Syndication Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana The Deal Sheet Managed FX Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) Technical Analysis Overbought Condition By HEFFX Australia on March 3, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) Technical Analysis Overbought Condition Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards. Short term: Prices are moving. Intermediate term: Prices are trending. Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside. By the way, prices are vulnerable to a correction towards 166.86. The projected upper bound is: 188.47. The projected lower bound is: 178.65. The projected closing price is: 183.56. Candlesticks A black body occurred (because prices closed lower than they opened). During the past 10 bars, there have been 8 white candles and 2 black candles for a net of 6 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 27 white candles and 21 black candles for a net of 6 white candles. Momentum Indicators Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators. Stochastic Oscillator One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 80.1125. This is an overbought reading. However, a signal is not generated until the Oscillator crosses below 80 The last signal was a buy 17 period(s) ago. Relative Strength Index (RSI) The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 80.13. This is where it usually tops. The RSI usually forms tops and bottoms before the underlying security. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 22 period(s) ago. Commodity Channel Index (CCI) The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 126.This is an overbought reading. However, a signal isn’t generated until the indicator crosses below 100. The last signal was a sell 22 period(s) ago. MACD The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 11 period(s) ago. Rex Takasugi – TD Profile BOEING CO closed down -0.920 at 182.990. Volume was 11% above average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 120% wider than normal. Open High Low Close Volume___ 184.000 185.670 182.970 182.990 999,767 Technical Outlook Short Term: Overbought Intermediate Term: Bullish Long Term: Bullish Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period Close: 177.53 164.36 142.89 Volatility: 14 19 22 Volume: 1,037,219 857,898 952,838 Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon. Summary BOEING CO is currently 28.1% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is extremely low when compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. There is a good possibility that there will be an increase in volatility along with sharp price fluctuations in the near future. Our volume indicators reflect very strong flows of volume into BA.N (bullish). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on BA.N and have had this outlook for the last 26 periods. Our momentum oscillator is currently indicating that BA.N is currently in an overbought condition. We are aware of the heightened political tensions globally, these must be monitored daily to protect your portfolio.   Boeing Co, news, NYSE, NYSE:BA, outlook, shayne heffernan, trading Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) Technical Analysis Overbought Condition added by HEFFX Australia on March 3, 2017 View all posts by HEFFX Australia → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts HEFFX Australia HEFFX has become one of Asia’s leading financial services companies with interests in Publishing, Private Equity, Capital Markets, Mining, Retail, Transport and Agriculture that span every continent of the world. Our clearing partners have unprecedented experience in Equities, Options, Forex and Commodities brokering, banking, physical metals dealing, floor brokering and trading. Latest posts by HEFFX Australia (see all) Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Heffx Technical Analysis - March 6, 2017 Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) Bearish Divergence - March 6, 2017 General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) Technical Analysis Overbought - March 6, 2017 Related posts: Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) Heffx Trading Outlook Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) Stock is Advancing Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) Heffx Technical Analysis Verizon Communications Inc (NYSE:VZ) Trending Upwards Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Booking.com Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Asia Business Asset Management Consulting Contact Us Privacy Policy Contributors CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Free Trial IR Live Trading Room Managed FX Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana Race Horse Syndication The Deal Sheet Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
03072017Headline: Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 5 mins ago Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports 6 mins ago Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports 8 mins ago Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 16 mins ago Global Active Suspension Systems Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Survey, Market Size, Competitive Trends: Acute Market Reports 17 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Latest Research Transducers Industry Analysis, Fastest Growth, Major Manufacturers, Trends, Share, Demand from 2017 to 2021 Latest Research Transducers Industry Analysis, Fastest Growth, Major Manufacturers, Trends, Share, Demand from 2017 to 2021 March 3, 2017 | by Jayvir | This report studies Transducers in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Boeing Airbus Cobham Exelis Raytheon Lockheed Martin Thales QinetiQ Group Finmeccanica BAE Systems Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Transducers in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Korea Taiwan Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Transducers in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/global-transducers-market-research-report-2017 1 Transducers Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Transducers 1.2 Transducers Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Transducers by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Type I 1.2.3 Type II 1.3 Transducers Segment by Application 1.3.1 Transducers Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Application 1 1.3.3 Application 2 1.3.4 Application 3 1.4 Transducers Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Korea Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Taiwan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Transducers (2012-2022) 2 Global Transducers Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Transducers Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Global Transducers Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.3 Global Transducers Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Manufacturers Transducers Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Transducers Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Transducers Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Transducers Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Transducers Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Transducers Production by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Transducers Production Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Transducers Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Transducers Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Transducers Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Transducers Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Transducers Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Transducers Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Korea Transducers Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 Taiwan Transducers Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) Browse Full Report of this Category:  http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/semiconductors-market About –  Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the worlds most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Office No 101, 1st Floor , Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 India: +91 7755981103 Email :  sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com     Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Global Active Suspension Systems Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Survey, Market Size, Competitive Trends: Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: March 6th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily March 6th, 2017 This booster needs a boost...delay called WGS-9 SATCOM mission for the US Air Force   The date for a launch has been adjusted for the upcoming United Launch Alliance Delta IV Medium+ (5,4) rocket that will launch the ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) mission for the US Air Force. The delay was announced today and was stated as: The launch date for a United Launch Alliance Delta IV carrying the WGS-9 satellite for the U.S. Air Force is no earlier than March 14. The team is actively working to resolve a Delta IV first stage booster issue discovered during standard prelaunch inspections. This additional time will allow the ULA team to ensure all systems are operating nominally prior to launch. A new launch date will be released once it is established. The Delta IV will lift off from Space Launch Complex-37 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. Launch Notes: WGS-9 will mark the seventh flight of the Delta IV in the Medium + (5,4)configuration; all launches in this configuration have delivered WGS missions to orbit. This mission also will be the 35th launch of the Delta IV since its inaugural launch in 2002. This mission  involves the WGS satellite. WGS satellites are important elements of a new high-capacity satellite communications system providing enhanced communications capabilities to the troops in the field. WGS has 19 independent coverage areas, 18 of which can be positioned throughout its field-of-view.  This includes eight steerable/shapeable X-band beams formed by separate transmit/receive phased arrays; 10 Ka-band beams served by independently steerable diplexed antennas; and one transmit/receive X-band Earth-coverage beam. WGS can tailor coverage areas and connect X-band and Ka-band users anywhere within its field-of-view. The X-band phased array antenna enables anti-jam functionality without sacrificing performance. WGS from Boeing video http://www.satnews.com/image_uploader/code_images.php?id=521461503 Previously, on Boeing’s [NYSE: BA] eighth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) satellite  communications bandwidth was nearly doubled compared to previous WGS satellites due to an upgraded digital payload. Using leading commercial digital circuit technology, the upgraded satellite aids in fulfilling the increasing demand for high-data rate communications of warfighters around the globe and doubled the satellite’s bandwidth. Boeing's improvements to its satellite products include increasing bandwidth and capacity, incorporating independently steerable and shapeable beams that can point bandwidth to where it’s most needed, deploying the world’s first all-electric propulsion satellites, and stacking and launching together two satellites. Boeing developed the channelizer that divides uplinks bandwidth into 1,900 sub-channels, providing more routes of communications  for transmission. The new channelizer will also be included on WGS-10, at a cost of approximately $340 million. Boeing is on contract for a total of 10 WGS satellites.  The WGS-9 satellite is funded through an international partnership between the United States and Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, The Netherlands and New Zealand.  http://ulalaunch.com  http://boeing.com   Topical Tags :  Military    Regulatory/Government    Launch    Satellite Operator    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  North America                     FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News Sentinel-2B soars and monitors from the soil to the sky... Copernicus' Earth Observation mission  ULA to launch NASA's JPSS-2 mission AtlanTechRF reveals their Satellite Simulator Systems' new SNG series at D.C. trade event Draper's GN&C expertise to play a crucial role with SSL's government-owned satellite servicing mission Next-generation satellite terminal makes market entry from Hughes Network Systems More News A plethora of products from Teledyne Microwave Solutions (TMS) presented at D.C. show... With an exhibit booth and roundtable involvement, Arianespace takes their place at the D.C. show... New antenna systems from Cobham presented to attendees at D.C. show... Gilat is upwardly mobile... on-the-move applications are mobility-ready solution on land, sea and air Fazzt® unwrapped for D.C. show attendees by KenCast Cubic / GATR / Vocality have much to show at Satellite 2017 Mohammed bin Rashid Space Centre and KARI sign MOU to cooperate on space-related activities WALI smallsat nearing completion at Western Michigan University Comtech EF Data presents their Heights Dynamic Network Access technology to D.C. show attendees Isotropic's antenna technology attracts millions in VC Gilat unveils their new dual-band aero antenna at D.C. show tomorrow, Tuesday the 7th Making an entry at the D.C. show is Advantech Wireless' 2Gen ASAT II™ system Ball Aerospace displays their capabilities at D.C. show... panel discussion on Tuesday, March 7th... Teleport talk in Satellite 2017 panel presentation with Talia Limited on Tuesday, March 7... Last Week's Top Stories The Sky and Space Global nano trilogy is ready to launch Lift Off! NROL-79 Satellite on Mystery Mission for National Reconnaissance Office  Newtec is bigger and wider ... expands its HTS and DVB-S2X Wideband Hub product portfolio Done deal... maybe — Intelsat and OneWeb to combine synergies... and technologies... as well as new SoftBank investment SES makes three executive board decisions... Advantech Wireless brings into focus the evolution of satellite broadband Space Coast facility opening for Aerojet Rocketdyne Coleman Aerospace And the winners are... World Teleport Association Announces Finalists for 2017 Teleport Awards Sentinel-2B lofting prep in French Guiana On the show floor... Newtec's presence at the upcoming D.C. show News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events Satellite 2017 World ATM Congress Paris Space Week CABSAT 2017 SatExpo Campaign360 China Content Broadcasting Network(CCBN)
Menu More Awards Advertising Archives Local World Sport Opinion Samoana Entertainment Technology Videos P.M. Tuilaepa and the government must proceed with caution 05 March 2017 321 Hits Mata'afa Keni Lesa Contribute to the ‘Samoa Observer - Ele’s Fund’ How to contribute to the ‘Samoa Observer - Ele’s Fund’ The Samoa Observer has set up a fund at the Bank of South Pacific in Samoa for supporters of weightlifter and Olympic Silver medalist, Ele Opeloge. The Fund is to belatedly to acknowledge and honour her for her second placing at the 2008 Beijing Olympics after the original second and third place getters were found to have used performance-enhancing drugs. If you live overseas and would like your name to be recorded with your donation, you can either TT your donation to the Bank of South Pacific, ‘Samoa Observer – Ele’s Fund’ Account Number 2000935599 or send it with your name by money transfer to one of the following outlets. The names of donors will be published in the Samoa Observer. AUCKLAND Head Office: 8/28 Bairds Road OTARA Ph: (09) 2700416 / 8700412 Fax: (09) 2700428 Choice Discounts Sanjay / R enu Shop 2, 200 Great South Road PAPAKURA Ph/Fax: (09) 2977466 Cell: 0210307496 (Renu) Otara Centre: Shop 2 25 Fairmall OTARA MALL CENTRE Ph: (09) 2650330 Fax: (09) 2650334 The Punters Dairy Kishor / Kaylas 1897 Great North Road AVONDALE Ph/Fax: (09) 8287371 Central Dairy: Mr Patel 743 Massey Road MANGERE Ph: (09) 2759771 Cell: 0210362349 Sumit Food Centre Ba;vant & Vasanti Rohit 519 Great North Road GREY LYNN Ph/Fax: (09) 3789450 Browns Road Superette Mizanur Rahman 112 Browns Road MANUREWA Ph: (09) 2684321 Fax: (09) 2684324 Raam's Dairy Mr Girish Patel 1266 Dominion Road MT ROSKILL Ph/Fax: (09) 6204077 Roscommon Superette Ltd Kaushik Mistry Shop 4 / 255 Browns Road MANUREWA Ph/Fax: (09) 2670651 Cell: 0226223446 Lincoln North Drycleaner Pele Toevai 254 Shop 6 HENDERSON Ph/Fax: (09) 8366962 WELLINGTON Jay Store Melissa 2 Ruthven Road WAINUIOMATA, LOWER HUTT Ph: (04) 9398050 Mako Mako 47 Mako Mako Road LEVIN 5510 Ph/Fax: (06) 3689607 Discount T Kevin / Sammy 9 Serlby Place PORIRUA Ph: (04) 2379196 Fax: (04) 2379197 The Discount T Eva 146 Riddiford St NEWTON Ph: (04) 8910867 Fax: (04) 8910320 MMT Marton Michael Salue 15B Russell Street MARTON Cell: 0223658193 LA 2000 Dairy Mr Kamal / Sonal 325 Oxford Street LEVIN / MANAWATU Ph: (06) 3685461 Fax: (06) 3682208 CHRISTCHURCH Lele Molioo Lele 3/632 Cashel Street LINWOOD Cell: 0226504132 ASHBURTON Allenton Food Market Ltd Kirtesh Shah / Dhuval Pandya Ph/Fax (03) 3081070 Cell: 0220333722 0212348713 HAMILTON Clarkin Road Superette / Lotto Mr Mashesh / Mr Daxa Patel 170 Clarkin Road FAIRFIELD Ph: (07) 8556299 Fax: (07) 8556499 NAPIER Napier Foodmart Chetan Patel 23A Trinity Crescent PIRIMAI Ph: (06) 8437830 Cell: 0212523511 DUNEDIN Ueta Uelese & Jenni Sinclair 15 Begg Street ST KILDA Ph: (03) 9491037 Cell: 0211571741 021689439 HASTINGS Desi Foodstore 910 Gordon Road FLAXMERE Ph/Fax: (06) 8734188 / 8734184 Cell: 0211513414 Khalsa Fruit & Vege Surinderut Kaur 85 Chatham Road FLAXMERE Ph: (06) 8797569 Cell: 0223183889 Silver Birch Sand B 2013 Ltd 185 Main Road CLIVE HASTING Ph: (06) 8700273 Race Course Sourav 94A Racecourse Road WAIPOKEPAU Ph: (06) 8587531 Cell: 02511414043 TIMARU Allenton Timaru Ph: (03) 6831177 MELBOURNE Broadmeadows Phil Asian Carrie 16 Railaway Cres, Broadmeadows 3047 Ph/Fax (03) 93093277 Foodworld Dandenong Ranita Unit 5, 110-123 Lonsdale Street 3175 Ph: (03) 97949744 FaxL (03) 97935144 Pacific Island Mix Peter / Ina Shop 15 Princess St, St Albans Ph: (03) 93109604 Fax: (03) 93109670 Foodworld Laverton 2/141 Dohertys Road 3026 Ph: 0420393017 Fax: 061393114344 Cell: 0420393017 Pacifc Mart 6 Enterprise Avenue, Hampton Park 3976 Ph/Fax: (03) 87875022 BRISBANE Samoa Family Financial Services Robin & Elisapeta Green Shop 7, 390 Kingston Road, Slacks Creek Ph/Fax: 061731330888 Cell: 061424060392 Cell (Peka): 061450462571 JD Financials 6b/5 Smiths Goodna, 4300 Ph: 061738183000 Fax: 061738183077 SYDNEY Moatoga Money Transfer Oketi 84 Gurney Road, Chester Hill 2162 Ph: 061296451075 Fax: 061296456821 Cell: 061432542506 Faaolaola Samoa Money Transfer Maifea Fetu 244 Excelsior Guildford 2161 Ph: 061297881991 For further information: Email Marj Moore marjandebs@gmail.com × A story titled “Govt. outlines financial centre, air traffic focus” published on the Sunday Samoan of 5 February 2017 made for some very interesting reading. The story was based on an interview Prime Minister Tuilaepa Sa’ilele Malielegaoi had done with Brian Caplen of The Banker Magazine where he highlighted the government’s plans to develop the Samoa International Finance Authority (S.I.F.A) and to grow Polynesian Airlines international portfolio. The interview is worth revisiting. First Prime Minister Tuilaepa assured of efforts to tackle money-laundering concerns to ensure S.I.F.A. will continue to play a critical role in Samoa’s development.  “Of course, the centre has been facing many problems with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development [O.E.C.D.] zeroing in on money laundering control and we were on the grey list for a short time,” he said.   “But we have been to the international committees for [advice and oversight on] the control of money laundering.” “The money that the financial centre gets has been very useful to help with the funding of our budget but mostly it helps in the sponsoring of our sports.” Tuilaepa insisted there is nothing sinister about Samoa’s financial centre.  “The essential thing the O.E.C.D. is after is to have disclosure of information on the activities and to ensure there is no money laundering passing through the centre. Ours is one of the most reputable centres.” Well that’s a good reassurance, isn’t it? Let’s wait and see. In the meantime, Tuilaepa had more on his mind. He revisited the issue of Polynesian Airlines operating international flights.  “We are now looking at the possibility of having our own planes again.”   “Our joint venture is coming up for review and the feeling is generally that, subject to a review, we should fly our own planes once again [internationally].” (Polynesian Airlines got into financial difficulties and stopped flying internationally after the downturn that followed the terrorist 9/11 attacks of 2001.) “This would give a real boost to tourism because it’s quite possible that Virgin will still fly its planes in if we terminate our joint venture so that would mean extra flights and more tourists.”  “We would have to proceed very cautiously and restrict flights to the more profitable routes of New Zealand and Australia. It was when we flew to the US that we began to face problems. That’s where we should enter into a co-share with other airlines.” At the end of the day, Prime Minister believes more flights will bring in more visitors. “As it is now, both Virgin and Air New Zealand are deliberately controlling the flights into Samoa to ensure that fares are raised as high as possible,” he said. “The fares from here to New Zealand are extremely expensive and they are doing that by limiting the flights.” Now both Virgin Australia and Air New Zealand vehemently reject the claim. In fact last week the General Manager of Air New Zealand’s local office booted the claim to touch. Still, the thought that the government insists on revisiting the old Polynesian Airlines with the idea of returning it to a fully fledged international operation is chilling.  We’ve said it earlier and we will say it again. This is could either be the most brilliant idea the government has come up with for a while or it could be the craziest thing it has done yet. We should not forget that the last time Polynesian Airlines was operated in a similar manner – although on a much grander scale – the country was nearly bankrupted. At one point when the airline had gone from one Boeing aircraft to a four-Boeing fleet, its debt had ballooned to “over $50 million” in aircraft leases.  It was then that the risk of bankruptcy became very real and all the taxpayers of this country ended up shouldering the burden.  And yet it appears that history is about to repeat itself.  We know from the last time Polynesian Airlines operated international flights that there was a lot of corruption then. In fact, it was the prickly combination of corruption and mismanagement that dragged the airline to the mess it had found itself in. That was then. Has anything changed since? Sad to say, there is not a lot to be confident about when it comes to the government’s track record in dealing with corruption. So what guarantee do we have that this new Polynesian plan will not end up down the same path?  The point is that we are struggling enough as a nation. We don’t want the people of this country suffering anymore than they already are.  With the economy in dire straits and our debt level skyrocketing beyond the ridiculous, we prefer to err on the side of caution and stay far, far away from taking unnecessary risks. We again take this opportunity to urge the government to consider the following issues. Firstly, if the government persists, Polynesian will soon be competing directly with Virgin Samoa and Air New Zealand. We will have three carriers servicing the same routes going after the same ‘fickle market share.’ That’s good for competition, you might say. But how can Polynesian Airlines sustain it? Who will pay all the costs necessary as it tries to find its feet? And for how long? Keep in mind that the bigger competitors have the advantage and they will do everything in their power to force the smaller guy out of business. Secondly, there is nothing to stop Virgin Australia from flying to Samoa under an open sky policy. When that happens, you will again have Polynesian Airlines taking on Air New Zealand and Virgin Australia who are already an alliance by the way. Who do you think is going to win there? Logistically, Polynesian Airlines does not have the marketing power and the pull the big networks and Airline Alliances such as Virgin and Air New Zealand have. Moneywise, who has the millions to pay for the set up costs? We say this because we are under no illusion that this will cost millions of tala of taxpayers money.  Think of the cost for pilots, crew members, training, housing, transport, salaries and wages, start-up marketing costs, offices in New Zealand and elsewhere, aircraft parts, maintenance and more. Think of the volatile fuel costs. And with the deal with Solomon Airlines, the government will no doubt be asked to front up a guarantee and this will not be a few thousands. We’re talking millions again. Now here is what history has taught us. When Polynesian Airlines last ventured into international flights, it made losses in the millions and taxpayers ended up paying dearly for it. It nearly bankrupted this country. We cannot afford that again.  The word for the government today is caution with a capital C. Have a restful Sunday Samoa, God bless! More in Editorial 333 Hits Snippets from the past in President Trump’s little, big puppet called America 214 Hits It is the people 231 Hits Democracy Samoa style 478 Hits Justice, rule of law and consistency 285 Hits How much more can they endure Latest News 538 Hits Samoa A squad named for Pacific Rugby Challenge 80 Hits TeensNET Program a Hit in Savaii 124 Hits South Africa beats Fiji 19-12 to win Las Vegas Sevens 346 Hits S.N.P.F. tells members to download annual reports Most Read 2464 Hits Samoa wins at Las Vegas parade 2436 Hits The plight of a grandpa 1841 Hits Bellew stuns Haye with 11th-round stoppage 1219 Hits An insanely talented mother 980 Hits Judge’s orders in failed charges against Police Commissioner Contact Other NEWSROOM news@sobserver.ws +685 23078 ADVERTISING sales@sobserver.ws +685 26977 ONLINE online@sobserver.ws +685 31929 Tusitala Short Story Competition Bella's Save A Child Fund © Samoa Observer 2016 Developed by Samoa Observer in Apia
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Tuesday March 7, 2017 Life & Style Travel Larger / SmallerNight Mode Virgin Group to buy 10 supersonic jets from Boom - once they exist Craig Platt 29 Mar 2016, 12:33 p.m. The return of supersonic air travel has taken a step closer to reality. Virgin Group to buy 10 supersonic jets from Boom - once they exist The Boom supersonic jet would reach speeds higher than 2300 km/h A mock-up of the Boom supersonic jet at Heathrow Airport. Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit The return of ultra-fast air travel has taken a step closer to reality with Virgin Group announcing it has signed a deal to buy 10 supersonic jets from a company called Boom. Boom founder Blake Scholl, a pilot and former Amazon executive, is already working on a prototype of the jet, which would travel at speeds higher than 2300 km/h (more than 100 km/h faster than the Concorde's top speed). It would allow passengers to fly from New York to London in under 3.5 hours. "We are talking about the first supersonic jet people can afford to fly," Scholl, told the Guardian. "This isn't science fiction, we are actually doing this." Scholl claims his jet will succeed where the Concorde failed because flights will be more affordable, citing a price of about $US5000 ($A6658) return – a price comparable to a business class fare on a standard airline. Richard Branson's Virgin Group has also reportedly invested $US2 billion in another company – an unnamed London airline – to develop supersonic planes. Boom's small team includes former engineers from Boeing and Lockheed Martin and aims to have its prototype completed by the end of 2017. The revival of fast, long-haul travel has been the dream of many since the end of the Concorde service. Various projects have considered ways to increase the speed of passenger aircraft. Last year, Branson told Traveller.com.au that he expected that within his children's lifetime passengers would be able to fly from Sydney to London in less than two hours (see video above) through sub-orbital space flight like that being developed by his Virgin Galactic company. Virgin Galactic's initial purpose has been focused on space tourism, with many wealthy would-be astronauts forking out $US200,000 for a joy flight, but Branson indicated ultra-fast travel across the globe was on the cards. "At Virgin Galactic we've got 500 wonderful engineers there and they are very keen to move Virgin Galactic into point-to-point travel at tremendous speed," he said. NASA and Lockheed Martin have worked on designs for a supersonic craft dubbed "Son of Concorde". One of the supersonic Concorde's big drawbacks was its inability to fly at speed over land because of the sonic booms created. Lockheed Martin is working on ways to reduce the impact of sonic booms. A group of Concorde enthusiasts has also announced it has a plan to get the aircraft flying again. Hypersonic technology, which has been tested in the Australian outback, aims to develop aircraft that can fly at Mach 8 (8600km/h). But Scholl says his plane is "no bull---t" as it is based on existing technology – not hypersonic or other ultra-fast technologies that could be 30 years away from actually becoming a reality. "I started this because I was sad that I never got to fly on Concorde. I waited but no one was doing it, so I decided to," Scholl said. "Ultimately I want people to be able to get anywhere in the world in five hours for $100." See also: How to secure an emergency exit row seat on a plane See also: Hypersonic jet could fly New York to London in 11 minutes The story Virgin Group to buy 10 supersonic jets from Boom - once they exist first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Art and music magic Car taken after drag race Rebels squad confirmed for 2017 season Inspiration comes from famous faces Further info on compost plant sought Editor's Picks Get #homesafe this Christmas Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Reserve Bank keeps cash rate at 1.5 per cent The Reserve Bank of Australia has held the cash rate steady at 1.5 per cent. Fairfax Front Pages:​ Tuesday, March 7, 2017 NATIONAL: The Fairfax front pages from across the nation. Legendary racehorse Subzero up for a chat | Video No-one can talk to a horse, of course – that is, of course, unless the horse is the ... ‘I’m more than a chair’: Double amputee feels discriminated in job hunt Haddon man Owen Telford knows he has a disability. He’s the first to admit it. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport Footy HQ AFL TopTippa NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ Albury Gold Cup Hockey Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms Sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Entertainment Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Carmarthen Llanelli Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Crime Education Business South Wales Live Health Politics Jobs News Blogs Letters Transport Community Pair from Swansea up for national awards for overcoming their issues By South Wales Evening Post  |  Posted: March 04, 2017 By Gemma Parry   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Thabo Khumalo and Alfie Walters are both up for awards Pair from Swansea up for national awards for overcoming their issues X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Thabo Khumalo and Alfie Walters are both up for awards Boys harbouring suicidal thoughts urged to contact ChildLine 1 New low as thieves steal equipment from a Swansea cancer... 1 Customer's severe reaction to food from Swansea restaurant... 1 Comments (0) TWO young men from Swansea will be heading to London next week for the Prince's Trust awards in which they are shortlisted. Alfie Walters, aged 16 and Thabo Khumalo, aged 23, have both been nominated for prestigious awards in the Prince's Trust and TK Maxx Celebrate Success Awards, having won similar accolades just months before. READ MORE: Thousands honour Elli Norkett as teammates create beautiful tribute at first game without her Alfie won the Wales Educational Achiever award a few months ago while Thabo won the Wales Rising Star category for their work to overcome their issues and better themselves. The two will attend a red carpet ceremony at the Palladium in London on March 15 hosted by Ant and Dec. With a history of difficulties in school, Alfie always felt that he was struggling. Within three years, he tragically lost both of his parents, and school grew to become a safe and familiar place for him. Alfie Walters He joined the Prince's Trust xl programme and found a mode of learning that accommodated his difficulties. Soon, his attendance rocketed to 99 per cent and he gained a level two award.He's even been inivted back to the school to motivate younger pupils and now, he's just one of three people across the UK nominated for the Boeing Educational Achiever of the Year award. READ MORE: The progress being made to transform the home of the Fields Twins has been called 'amazing' "I know I have gained a really good qualification. I didn't think I could ever do this as I was never any good at school before I did xl. Now I've got something to give employers," he said. Sir Michael Arthur, President of Boeing Europe, added: "We are the proud sponsors of the Educational Achiever Award. "Alfie has overcome significant personal barriers to develop new skills which enabled him to re-engage with education. We wish him all the best on March 15!" Thabo is also one of three young people across the country nominated in the awards; this time for the Delta Airlines Rising Star award. Thabo Khumalo The 23-year-old left school without any qualifications and found himself unintentionally involved in gangs in London. But, when he best friend was stabbed, he knew he had to make a change and headed to Swansea. After a period of unemployment and being away from his family, he began to feel isolated. That's when he was introduced to the Prince's Trust Get Started with Football programme, delivered by Swansea City FC. READ MORE: Pontarddulais fighter Brett Johns has lifted the lid on his sporting journey He threw himself into the course and realised his dream of becoming a football coach. He took up volunteer coaching roles at Swansea Academy, before being offered a part-time job as a community coach, which was soon made permanent. "I realised that The Prince's Trust had opened the door to the rest of my life and I just had to walk through it," he said. "The Trust gave me a new outlook on life and it gave me the confidence, motivation and ambition to succeed." Nat Pieper, Delta's Senior Vice President Europe, Middle East, Africa and India, said, "We are proud sponsors of the Rising Star Award. "Thabo has faced substantial personal obstacles, worked hard to overcome them and is now in sustainable employment as a result of a Prince's Trust programme - a fantastic achievement! We wish him all the best on March 15!" Report this article Read more from South Wales Evening Post Most Recent Most Commented Boys harbouring suicidal thoughts urged to contact ChildLine New low as thieves steal equipment from a Swansea cancer care... Customer's severe reaction to food from Swansea restaurant led to... A festival to celebrate Swansea's multi-cultural diversity has... Two given suspended custodial sentences for 'vicious assault' on... New films are aiming to unite Swansea and tackle hate crime Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Compliance Technician Salary : £21,913.00 pa (additional 2% salary uplift to be added as at 1st April 2017) Sales Clerk Salary : Sales Clerk Junior Graphic Designer Salary : Competitive salary dependent on experience Member Retention Officer Salary : £15,000 – £20,000 based on experience Technical Officer Vehicle Approvals Salary : £29,832 - £32,367 Regional Sales Manager(s) Salary : 35k–40k, + Regional Profit Sharing Bonus Scheme, + Car and Tech Communications Officer Salary : £36,000 Transport Drivers Salary : Competitive Maintenance engineer Salary : Competative Service Engineer Salary : Good Early Years Key Person Salary : Good Site Manager & Brick layer Salary : Competitive Technician/MOT Tester Salary : Competitive Salary + Bonus Field Sales / Direct Sales Representative Salary : £16640 - £40000 per annum Teaching (Care and Welfare) Assistants Salary : £11,743  Clerc Salary : Ystod cyflog £45,513 i £59,729, yn codi i £46,082 i £60,476 Clerk Salary : £45,513 to £59,729 rising to £46,082 to £60,476 Insurance Arrangers Salary : £20,000 per annum (rising to £21,000 after training) Senior Maintenance Manager Salary : £53,324.00 (plus 10% Car Allowance) Planned Maintenance Officer Salary : £31,144.00 pa (additional 2% salary uplift to be added as at 1st April 2017) Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Jobs news Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Rugby Cricket Equestrianism Athletics Tennis Angling Other Sports Picture Galleries Our Site Video Jobs Dating Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis and Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Politics Crime National World Traffic Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey Calgary Flames NHL World Juniors Football All Football Calgary Stampeders CFL NFL Spruce Meadows Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Rodeo-Chucks Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Business All Business Energy Local Business Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Capital Ideas FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Theatre Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Swerve Listings Life All Life Swerve Homes All Homes New Homes Condos Rec Properties Food All Food Taste Alberta Recipes Health All Health Women Men Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel All Travel Ski & Snowboard Gift Guide Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Business Energy |Featured: The People Project Calgary Olympic Bid Swerve Magazine Calgary Votes 2017 Flames run to playoffs Alberta PC Leadership 2017 Opioid Crisis Vote: Readers' Choice Home Services | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe NHL Calgary kid Reid Duke first skater to sign with NHL's ... Local News  Calgary Herald's 'Life with Emily' documentary a finalist for international ... NHL Vegas Golden Knights are officially open for business — and ... World Earth’s orbiting junkyard threatens the space economy: ‘It’s kind of ... Recipes This healthful pear recipe can start your day or sweeten ... 5 / 5 U.S. steel not required for Keystone XL, despite Trump pledge Bloomberg News More from Bloomberg News Published on: March 3, 2017 | Last Updated: March 3, 2017 2:17 PM MST TransCanada Corp. won't be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval of its Keystone XL pipeline from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday. Gavin Young / Gavin Young Share Adjust Comment Print The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite U.S. President Donald Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the US$8-billion project that would span 1,900 kilometres from Alberta through three states — Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska — before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, Calgary-based TransCanada said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced inside of the United States. The remainder of the steel was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. Exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a Feb. 23 meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, as well as Energy Transfer Partners LP’s Dakota Access pipeline. During a Feb. 16 press conference, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen” the administration “want them to use American steel.” He repeated the claim a day later during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” Trump said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good — add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” A White House official who would only discuss the pipeline issue on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department was working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration couldn’t implement it until that effort had completed. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is currently under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired, or expanded pipeline. TransCanada issued a statement Friday saying it continued “to be encouraged as our presidential permit application makes its way through the approval process.” “This project will support U.S. energy security, create thousands of well-paying U.S. jobs and provide substantial economic benefits,” the company said. Canada’s U.S. ambassador, David MacNaughton, said Friday in an interview that negotiations on Keystone’s route are going “extremely well” with federal authorities and “I don’t see any big hurdles” from the Trump administration. He called the outlook for the project “very positive.” The Prime Minister’s Office welcomed an earlier report from U.S. news outlet Politico that said Keystone XL pipeline project is exempt from Trump’s directive. A statement from Justin Trudeau’s spokesman said that “if confirmed,” the exemption would be a welcome recognition that the Canada and U.S. steel industries are deeply integrated and support jobs on both sides of the border. The prospects for Keystone XL, first proposed by TransCanada nearly 10 years ago, have been whipsawed for nearly a decade by Canada-U. S. politics, an increasingly powerful environmental lobby and collapsing oil prices. Former president Barack Obama cited environmental concerns when he cancelled the project in the fall of 2015. Former prime minister Stephen Harper clashed with Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama over the merits of the pipeline. At one point, Harper called approving the project a “complete no-brainer,” given its potential economic impact. At Trump’s invitation, TransCanada reapplied in January to have Keystone approved. With files from The Canadian Press Varcoe: NDP promises action on orphan wells, support for Trans Mountain... Eggen says private school funding may be reviewed by NDP government Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens FP Energy Industry enjoying ‘upstream confidence’, but pipeline constraints could choke opportunities, says Enbridge CEO IEA predicts oil supply shortage and price spike within three years TransCanada exempt from buying American steel for Keystone XL: report ‘Not out of the woods yet’: Oilpatch shying away from dividends amid uncertain outlook U.S. border tax would have ‘big impact’ on loonie — but it would also slash ... Ontario cuts hydro bills by 17%, but ultimately it will cost ratepayers $1.4 billion a ... Latest Posts Man in hospital with critical injuries after single-vehicle crash Braid: Lethal opioids are Alberta's undeclared emergency Stampeders bring pack pair off last year's practice squad Yedlin: Premier Notley makes case for Alberta Yedlin: CERAWeek conference opens with renewed optimism Calgary police on the defence after ASIRT accuses force of 'unprincipled' practices Around $50K worth of meat stolen from high-end food distributor New Calgary police commission member secret until security screening completed Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. × Share U.S. steel not required for Keystone XL, despite Trump pledge Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics Crime National World Traffic Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Spruce Meadows Baseball Basketball Golf Rodeo-Chucks Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Business All Business Energy Local Business Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Capital Ideas FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Theatre Music Books Celebrity Swerve Listings Life All Life Swerve Homes Food Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests NIE Properties Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) Ottawa Citizen The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Amazon Web Services makes another deal, acquiring Thinkbox media rendering tech company GeekWire Deals: This Python 3 Bootcamp will jumpstart your coding education Major League Baseball is first to allow the use of a device to collect player biometrics in games Geared Up! The new Xbox Game Pass, and the future of smartphone design Twitch ‘Pulse’ adds Facebook-like social media tool to streaming giant’s front page IBM and Salesforce connect Watson and Einstein in new artificial intelligence alliance Yahoo launches text-based chatbot called Captain to help organize family schedules Dick’s Drive-In lovers crash the Seattle burger joint’s website trying to cast votes for next location ThinkGeek opening another Washington state store with Tacoma Mall location coming this spring Netflix will reportedly launch a choose-your-own-adventure show later this year Expedia to keep satellite office in hometown of Bellevue after departing for Seattle in 2019 IBM plans to deliver ‘industry first’ quantum computers via the cloud NY Knicks nix music and video during game — does NBA basketball look and sound better this way? One giant leap: Jeff Bezos shows off Blue Origin’s shiny new BE-4 rocket engine Seattle Genetics cancer drug clinical trials will go forward after FDA lifts hold Amazon closes cable store that resold packages from Comcast and Frontier Microsoft Azure adds new data analytics, voice and facial recognition to its government cloud Trump’s revised immigration order will suspend travel from six majority Muslim nations but won’t bar visa-holders or Iraqis uZoom raises more cash to grow 1-to-1 live streaming platform with new e-commerce play The spectacular characters and ridiculously awesome cosplay of Emerald City Comicon Amazon explains big AWS outage, says employee error took servers offline, promises changes Amazon Web Services outage reveals critical lack of redundancy across the internet Inside Tableau’s new Seattle HQ: An ode to data visualization, collaboration and landscaped dog art Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Report: Amazon plans to bring Alexa and cloud-based deep learning tools to call centers Amazon quiet on big AWS outage, but an explanation could come soon Update: AWS cloud storage back online after outage cripples popular sites How the tech industry uses H-1B visas and what could change under President Trump Seattle’s population is growing at nearly double the rate of Silicon Valley but it still lags behind as an innovation hub Citing schedule slips, Spaceflight rebooks 89 satellites on SpaceX’s launch list Tech vet revs up The Shop, a club for car lovers with a new Ethan Stowell restaurant under the hood Microsoft’s ‘Azure Stack’ for on-premises servers will use pay-as-you-go cloud pricing model Jeff Bezos and Blue Origin propose ‘Amazon-like’ delivery to the moon in 2020 Watch Uber CEO Travis Kalanick have it out with a driver over the direction of the company Amazon wins 3 Oscars in a first for streaming studio — and Jeff Bezos gets a fun shout-out Startup Spotlight: VendorHawk makes software for the new world of SaaS Microsoft employees donate a record $142M to non-profits, and have a lot of fun along the way Chemotherapy, surgery and David Bowie: How music helps cancer patients heal In new immigration twist, U.S. suspends option to pay for faster H-1B visa processing Startup Spotlight: LevelTen Energy makes it easier for corporations to buy clean power Trending: Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Space & Science Why choose to go to the moon? Trump changes commercial space calculations by Alan Boyle on March 3, 2017 at 4:01 pmMarch 5, 2017 at 3:45 pm Comments  4 Share  66 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Buy tickets to the GeekWire Bash here! An artist’s conception shows Bigelow Aerospace’s lunar depot in orbit. (Bigelow Aerospace) Nearly 55 years ago, President John F. Kennedy said America chose to go to the moon and take on other challenges “not because they are easy, but because they are hard.” Now it’s commercial space ventures that are choosing to go to the moon. Back in the 1960s, the moon effort was aimed at demonstrating America’s greatness. A similar motivation is at work this time around: to demonstrate that President Donald Trump is making America great again. Trump has given nods to the space effort in his two big speeches: In his inauguration address, he said America was “ready to unlock the mysteries of space.” And in his address to this week’s joint session of Congress, he said seeing American footprints on distant worlds was “not too big a dream.” So far, however, specifics have been in short supply – no doubt because Trump has other priorities on his mind right now, and because a new administrator for NASA hasn’t yet been named. That has left commercial players such as Blue Origin, SpaceX and Bigelow Aerospace free to fill in the gaps, adapting their goals in space to fit a first-term time frame. This week, the billionaire founder of Blue Origin and Amazon, Jeff Bezos, acknowledged that he’s “hoping to partner with NASA on a program called ‘Blue Moon,’ where we would provide a cargo delivery service to the surface of the moon, with the intent over time of building a permanently inhabited human settlement on the moon.” “It’s time for America to go back to the moon – and this time, to stay,” Bezos said Thursday night at an Aviation Week award ceremony. “We can do it. It’s a difficult but worthy objective.” Bezos’ ambition to start lunar deliveries in 2020 ups the ante for NASA as well as other commercial players. SpaceX founder Elon Musk, one of Bezos’ most outspoken rivals in the space business, has a plan to send private customers on a trip beyond the moon and back. Another billionaire, Robert Bigelow, says his aerospace company and its partners could put a space station and fuel depot in lunar orbit. If initiated soon, a lunar depot could be in operation by the end of 2020. pic.twitter.com/dI5s3Gvf5i — Robert Bigelow (@RobertTBigelow) March 1, 2017 Boeing, Lockheed Martin and United Launch Alliance have similar plans on the books for putting outposts in lunar orbit. And five teams chasing after the Google Lunar X Prize are aiming to start landing probes on the moon by the end of this year, potentially beating Bezos to the punch. In a statement emailed to GeekWire today, NASA was supportive of such efforts without mentioning Blue Origin or any other company by name: “This is an exciting time for space exploration as a number of private companies are expressing interest in providing cargo and human spaceflight services. For more than a decade, NASA has been investing in private industry to foster what was then a fledgling enterprise. Today, private companies are providing cargo services to the International Space Station and will soon return the launch of astronauts to U.S. soil. These emerging service providers will allow NASA the flexibility to develop spacecraft and systems needed for a sustained human presence deeper into space, to the moon, and on to Mars and other distant worlds. Moving human presence deeper into space will require the best of NASA and the private sector.” NASA’s statement makes nary a mention of the space exploration goal that was set by the Obama administration in 2010: visiting a near-Earth asteroid, or at least striking off a chunk of an asteroid for study. That omission, along with references to the moon, Mars “and other distant worlds,” might suggest that the space agency is already anticipating a shift in its exploration agenda. Much has been made of the “billionaire space club” rivalry, but a bigger rivalry seems to be shaping up between players like Bezos and Musk on one side, who say they’re willing to share the financial burden of deep-space missions because of their personal convictions, and more traditional players like Boeing and Lockheed Martin on the other side. A key focus for the rivalry will be NASA’s own deep-space exploration program and the development efforts for the Orion crew vehicle (led by Lockheed Martin) and the heavy-lift Space Launch System (led by Boeing). Right now, NASA is considering upgrading the first test flight of the Space Launch System, also known as SLS, to carry astronauts beyond the moon and back. Once his team settles in at NASA, will Trump take aim at Orion and SLS, as he took aim at the F-35 fighter jet program and the next-generation Air Force One? Might there be a “New Space” vs. “OId Space” competition, as suggested in one of the Trump transition documents? Perhaps the biggest question looming over commercial lunar missions is the same one Kennedy raised in 1962: Why the moon? Why choose this as our goal? This year marks not only the 55th anniversary of Kennedy’s “We Choose to Go to the Moon” speech, but also the 60th anniversary of the Sputnik launch and the start of the Space Age. For Sputnik’s 50th anniversary, I laid out “five E’s” that serve as justifications for the space effort: exploration, entertainment, energy, empire building and extinction avoidance. Different players have different motivations: For NASA, it’s mostly about science and exploration. For Musk, it’s about making humanity a multiplanet species and thus avoiding extinction. For Bezos, it’s about the long-term energy payoff provided by space solar power. For Trump and his aides, however, the motivation appears to be more in the Cold War mode: making America demonstrably great again, preferably in time for the 2020 presidential election. A draft proposal obtained by Politico last month talks about “private American astronauts, on private spaceships, circling the moon by 2020; and private lunar landers staking out de facto ‘property rights’ for Americans on the moon, by 2020 as well.” Empire building, it seems, is back in style. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Tickets are now on sale for our biggest event of the year: The GeekWire 6th Anniversary Bash on March 15th. The GeekWire Bash has it all: ping-pong, dodgeball, foosball, beer pong, video games, arcades, tricycle races, sumo wrestling, drinks, table top games, massages, a beer dispensing robot, cornhole and MORE. Get your tickets today for Seattle’s biggest, geekiest tech party! Comments 4 Share  66 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Previous StoryWorking Geek: When Adobe Marketing Manager Dana McAlexander isn’t in the air, you’ll find her on horseback Next StorySuperhero on the Street: I dressed up as Captain GeekWire and grilled the cosplayers at Comicon Filed Under: Space  Tagged With: Blue Origin • Donald Trump • Moon • Politics • SpaceX GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Donald Trump disses America’s space program; what would Hillary Clinton do? Space ventures get shout-outs in State of the State Address – and State of the Union Moon Village vs. Journey to Mars: Which space vision will the next president pick? White House works out a process to clear commercial missions to moon and Mars Previous StoryWorking Geek: When Adobe Marketing Manager Dana McAlexander isn’t in the air, you’ll find her on horseback Next StorySuperhero on the Street: I dressed up as Captain GeekWire and grilled the cosplayers at Comicon Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: This Python 3 Bootcamp will jumpstart your coding education GeekWire Deals: Finally, watch Netflix, Hulu, HBO, and more—offline—with PlayOn Most Popular on GeekWire Amazon explains big AWS outage, says employee error took servers offline, promises changes Amazon Web Services outage reveals critical lack of redundancy across the internet Inside Tableau’s new Seattle HQ: An ode to data visualization, collaboration and landscaped dog art Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Senior Mobile EngineerDistiller Software Engineer – ToolsOfferUp E-commerce ManagerPacific Market International (PMI) × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More ERP Financials: Insight into Bridging Business & Technology Read More MicroSynbiotiX wins Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More ERP Financials: Insight into Bridging Business & Technology Read More MicroSynbiotiX wins Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers Plan sponsors should beware the managed account default option Pensions & Investments | March 1, 2017 11:22 am | Updated 8:39 am CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart Public plans push on with real estate; corporate plans are less enthused View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top-Performing Money Managers: Fixed Income View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO WorldPensionSummit: Managing geo-political risks View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, March 07, 2017 5:20 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Thunderstorm MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Malaysia Search for MH370 debris to continue on ‘low key’ By Jonathan Edward Saturday March 4, 2017 07:10 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Margot Robbie to star in Robin Hood spinoff ‘Marian’ IGP: Police thwarted IS terror attack during King Salman’s visit The Edit: Why good luck coins tossed into pool proved bad luck for this turtle The Edit: Is Ridley Scott preparing for more ‘Alien’ movies? Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Independent investigator Blaine Alan Gibson with a piece of debris he found. He says his team will continue the search ‘quietly’. — Picture by Malay MailKUALA LUMPUR, March 4 — Efforts are under way to continue the search for debris and other physical evidence which will help investigators locate Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370. Independent investigator Blaine Alan Gibson told Malay Mail although the official search had been suspended, efforts were being made by a team, including himself, to continue the search in a “low key fashion”. “The field work will continue but unless something significant surfaces it will be carried out quietly. I am doing this on my own initiative as a private citizen looking (for debris) for the families,” he said.  “Although the main debris found so far is of the honeycomb pattern composite material used on Boeing aircraft, personal effects are turning up as well and all these must be collected and documented. “It would be wrong to assume the search had reached a dead end because more clues and information are in the hands of investigators than ever before. “It is no longer a matter of groping in the dark. We have not figured out where the crash site is but at least we know the completed search area is not where we should be looking. “We have detailed drift modelling, and a new credible search area has been identified ... information is constantly turning up but there must be the political will to follow through.” MH370 with 239 passengers and crew on board disappeared after a series of course changes en route to Beijing from KL International Airport on March 8, 2014. The multinational search for MH370 was suspended on Jan 17, after investigators spent nearly three years combing the southern Indian Ocean for the airliner. It has been the most expensive aviation investigation to date, costing an estimated RM649 million, without turning up any evidence or clue on where the aircraft could be. “It was discouraging to see the lack of enthusiasm shown by authorities in recovering debris which turned up on beaches in Madagascar, which ultimately took six months to be collected,” Gibson said. “Also, suspending the search after completion of the 120,000 sq km area and ignoring the much smaller 25,000 sq km area was a premature decision.”  He said the search at the official level would need the participation of governments involved and the political will to follow through. “It is especially important that Malaysia, China and Australia get together to evaluate the facts and findings thus far before deciding the next move,” he said. Gibson felt the move to suspend the search would actually increase costs rather than save money as it would take time to assemble another effort and move assets into the area. “Cost was a factor mentioned but to stop the search and resume it at a later date without investigating the new area identified is going to incur more costs,” he said. “It would have been more practical to comb the new location, which is only a fifth of the size of the original search area.”                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysian police seal off North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur PM summons emergency meeting of NSC as Malaysians held ‘hostage’ in Pyongyang In tit-for-tat, Malaysia bans North Korean embassy officials from leaving country (VIDEO) IGP tells media to ‘shut up’ over pastor’s abduction for his safety Eleven Malaysians stranded in North Korea safe for now, deputy minister says Activists file civil suit demanding Zakir Naik’s arrest One Malay coach, a Chinese school and a dream of becoming football champions How a student broke the rules to save Malaysia from the Nipah virus Hadi’s Bill no longer just a Muslim issue, Christian group says Don’t give or buy from children, say police Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Related Articles MH370 kin to raise US$15m to continue private search for missing loved ones Liow: MH370 search suspended due to lack of data, not funds MH370 kin to hold remembrance gathering today at Publika Liow: Final report on Flight MH370 expected to be completed this year It’s back to drawing board in search for MH370, says Liow Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home News Local Kansas Agriculture National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Sports The Big Game Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Telemundo in Kansas Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse St. Jude Dream Home Live Video Report It Experts 39° F Clear Hi: 64° F Lo: 34° F Radar Forecast Alerts 10 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Kansas Agriculture National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Featured: Auto Recalls Human Trafficking Product Recalls Wichita Police Officer Brian Arterburn Latest Headlines Coldwater takes in evacuees from three Kansas towns 12:40 am More blazes have fired up in Clark County. Fire crews thought they had it under control, but, when the wind picked up they decided to evacua… Wanted: Travis G. Ross 12:05 am Travis is wanted by the Sedgwick County Sheriff’s Office for PROBATION VIOLATION FOR UNLAWFUL POSSESSION OF OPIATES. One person dies in fiery crash in southeast Wichita 12:00 am Crews use ‘fire science’ to fight grass fires March 6, 2017 Red Cross opens three shelters for wildfire victims March 6, 2017 Weather Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Current Conditions 39° F Clear Feels Like: 34° F Wind: WNW 7 Humidity: 38% Dewpoint: 15° F Sunrise: 6:51 AM Sunset: 6:28 PM Wichita and Kansas Weather Forecast Radar Threat Tracker Photos Sponsored by: Sports Sports The Big Game Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Featured: Wichita State Shockers Latest Headlines Wichita State’s Progression Since December March 6, 2017 WSU Playing Its Best Basketball AP All-Big 12: Kansas wins another title, sweeps AP awards March 6, 2017 The Kansas Jayhawks have both The Associated Press conference player and coach of the year in the same season. Kansas, Villanova, UCLA and Gonzaga stay 1-4 in AP poll March 6, 2017 Kansas’ Mason, Nova’s Hart leading player of the year races March 6, 2017 Wichita State wins MVC Tournament March 6, 2017 Entertainment Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games Featured: Oscar Awards Wichita Riverfest Latest Headlines Bill Paxton died from stroke suffered after surgery March 6, 2017 Bill Paxton’s death certificate states the actor died last month from a stroke days after surgery to replace a heart valve. Bey’s Babies: Beyonce shares photos of growing baby bump March 6, 2017 Beyonce has showed off more of her growing baby bump. Bruno Mars, Justin Timberlake shine at iHeartRadio Awards March 6, 2017 Adele confirms marriage to partner Simon Konecki March 6, 2017 ‘Logan’ slices box office with $85.3M, ‘Moonlight’ gets bump March 6, 2017 More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Telemundo in Kansas Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse St. Jude Dream Home Live Video Report It Experts Search for: Search the site 39° F Clear Hi: 64° F Lo: 34° F Backyard coaster: A labor of love KING-TV Published: March 3, 2017, 2:55 pm Updated: March 3, 2017, 2:57 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SEATTLE, Wash. (KING) – Scott Brazelton admits he’s crazy. “My wife will tell you, I’m pretty much nuts,” he says. But most will agree, he’s put his crazy to good use by building a backyard roller coaster for his 3-year-old son, Wyatt. The idea came from a likely source, a theme park. “We took him to Disneyland a couple months ago and he just loved the roller coasters,” said Brazelton. The Navy pilot said that’s when his research started. “I researched it, and it actually wasn’t that complicated,” said Brazelton. But for safety sake, Brazelton also enlisted the help of Paul Gregg. Gregg is a Boeing engineer who lives in Seattle and has dedicated his retired life to building backyard roller coaster for his grandkids. He’s even written books and answered any questions Brazelton had about building a backyard coaster. It took Brazelton about two months to finish the project, working on it on the weekends. Brazelton gave Wyatt his first ride Sunday. Like any modern day father, he recorded the whole thing on a GoPro and posted it on Facebook. The video went viral, and the Brazeltons were contacted by several media outlets, and even agencies, who wanted to purchase and license their video. “It was pretty crazy, felt like we were in the twilight zone,” said Brazelton. He says the building process was fairly simple. Brazelton said Wyatt even helped him build the coaster. “The thing was less than a thousand dollars,” said Brazelton. “The metal, the PVC was from Home Depot.” Brazelton said he made the roller coaster cart out of a water barrel he bought at a homebrew supply store. Brazelton said he gave Wyatt the option to make the cart look like a rocket or plane. Since his dad is a pilot, Wyatt chose a plane. “The front of the propeller is a cake pan,” said Brazelton. “It’s just kind of pieced together.” What does the coaster use for power? Just gravity. There’s no motor. Brazelton says the momentum of the coaster’s first hill pushes the cart through the course. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest Google Tumblr More Send to Kindle LinkedIn Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Bull that led police chase after slaughterhouse escape dies Boy serves as honorary captain for Wichita Thunder game Witnesses: Bar gunman shouted ‘get out of my country’ Witnesses say fatal bar shooting seemed racially motivated Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on KSN.com Photo Galleries Gallery: March Shots of the Day PHOTOS: Winners, and almost-winners, at 2017 Oscars Gallery: 2017 Oscar nominations Gallery: The 59th Annual Grammy Awards Gallery: Remembering Devon Gallery: Lady Gaga performs at the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show Gallery: Patriots celebrate Super Bowl LI victory Gallery: Behind the scenes at Super Bowl LI Gallery: February Shots of the Day Gallery: Kansans head to D.C. to experience the inauguration Gallery: Donald Trump sworn in as 45th President of the United States Gallery: Kansans head to D.C. to experience the inauguration Gallery: George H. W. Bush, 41st President of the United States Photos: Ice storm in Kansas Winter ice storm, January 2017 Popular on KSN KSN LINKS as mentioned on KSN News Photo Galleries local weather and news Report It! Submit a photo to KSN Contests Enter to win! Download KSN App [iPhone/iPad] [Android] Text Alerts Breaking News, Weather, Closings Email Breaking News, Weather, Headlines Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNW-TV © 1998-2017 KSN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Sports Entertainment Weather Station About Us Our Team Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts Jobs at KSN Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File (KSNW) FCC Public File (KSNC) FCC Public File (KSNG) FCC Public File (KSNK) EEO Report FCC Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1iioykx1nml4ve/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
&lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; close &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; close SEARCH THE SITE | CONTACT US Weather: Pasadena | Now: 47°F | High: 77°F | Low: 51°F | 5-Day Forecast NEWS ENTERTAINMENT & EVENTS COMMUNITY SCHOOLS ARTS & CULTURE MENU NEWS back NEWS NOW THE LATEST CRIME GOVERNMENT EDUCATION BUSINESS SPORTS OPINION ENTERTAINMENT & EVENTS back EVENTS PREVIEWS NIGHTLIFE DINING COMMUNITY back COMMUNITY NEWS EDUCATION GOVERNMENT GIVING BACK GATHERING PEOPLE FAITH SCHOOLS back FEATURES SCHOOL NEWS SCHOOL EVENTS SPORTS COMMUNITY SERVICE ACADEMICS THE ARTS FOCUS ON LEARNING ARTS & CULTURE back MUSIC THEATRE VISUAL ARTS DANCE HISTORY SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY DESIGN LITERARY ARTS PASADENA LIVING back SHOPPING & SALES BEAUTY HEALTH FASHION & STYLE IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU REAL ESTATE AT HOME IN THE GARDEN FOOD & DRINK FOOD & DRINK EXTRAS back NEWS AROUND TOWN CITY SPORTS SCHOOLS TRAVEL CARS PHOTOGALLERIES March 7 is Women-Owned Businesses Industry Day From STAFF REPORTS Published : Friday, March 3, 2017 | 1:17 PM It’s Women-Owned Small Business Industry Day on Tuesday, March 7, an event that promises to bring women entrepreneurs in contact with NASA Centers, large businesses and government agencies and provide them information on how to do business with these organizations. Sponsored by the NASA Management Office (NMO), the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, the City of Pasadena and the Pasadena Chamber of Commerce, Industry Day will be held at the Pasadena Convention Center at 300 E. Green Street in Pasadena. Although the event will highlight programs and services with the Women Owned Small Business (WOSB) community, all businesses are welcome. Industry Day will feature matchmaking sessions with NASA, JPL and the City of Pasadena; a panel discussion on successful WOSBs hosted by the Goldman Sachs Foundation; a panel discussion on upcoming opportunities at the various NASA Centers, JPL, the City of Pasadena and large businesses; and networking activities. Participants will also have an opportunity to host a table to discuss their products and services with other attendees, although exhibit tables are limited and first priority will be given to WOSBs. Among the large business exhibitors that will be participating are Aerojet Rocketdyne Inc., Boeing, Burns and Mc Donnell, General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, GP Strategies Corporation, Harris Corporation, Jacobs, Lockheed Martin Aeronautics and Lockheed Martin SSC, ManTech International Corporation, Parsons, Raytheon, Rudolph and Sletten, SAIC, Toshiba America Medical System and United Launch Alliance. In the tentative agenda, WOSBs can register for matchmaking starting at 7:30 a.m. All other small businesses can register starting at 8 a.m. After welcome messages and greetings, NASA’s Office of Small Business Programs will provide an overview of the NASA/JPL Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) programs. The City of Pasadena’s Department of Finance will discuss the Pasadena First-Buy Local Program before the morning break, and exhibits, networking and matchmaking will open by about 9:45 a.m. A panel discussion on Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Business Program will start at 10 a.m., and another panel, on Small Business Opportunities, will start at 11 a.m. The event should be over by 12:30 p.m. Industry Day is free to Pasadena Chamber members, but participants must register in advance through EventBrite. You can find a link online at www.pasadena-chamber.org and click on the link under the Events tab. Large companies that want to be exhibitors can sign up there as well. There is no charge to exhibit or attend the Industry Day procurement forum. For any questions, feel free to contact the JPL Small Business Programs Office at smallbusiness.programsoffice@jpl.nasa.gov, or the Pasadena Chamber of Commerce through leanne@pasadena-chamber.org. Read Previous Post Read Next Post Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Ministry Offers Series of Free Workshops for Startup Entrepreneurs, Small Business Owners New Option for Parents: Social Hub for Local Kids with Autism Opens Pasadena Weekly’s Parent Company Buys Los Angeles Downtown News PASADENA NOW Pasadena Now has been published daily since April, 2004 and is among the very oldest continously operated community news websites in the U.S. Pasadena Now strives to publish a full spectrum of news and information articles in service to the entire community. The publication will remain free to readers and will not erect paywalls. Pasadena Now strives to provide factual, unbiased reporting. Our opinion section is open to all. © 2014 PASADENA NOW. LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED COMPANY INFO CONTACT CONNECT & SHARE RSS FEEDS The Arts & Culture Click Headings for Section Home Pages MUSIC Camerata Pacifica’s April Program… Provocative, Silent and Beethoven Friends of South Pasadena Library’s Restoration Concert Series Presents The East West Piano Trio Wild West Will Ryan to Hit Stage with Cactus County Cowboys Liza Minnelli, Alan Cumming, Jessie Mueller and More to Join Michael Feinstein and the Pasadena POPS This Summer THEATRE The Pasadena Playhouse Presents “The Originalist” and “Hold These Truths” as Part of the 2016-17 Season Sierra Madre Playhouse to Hold Special Public Events for “A Wrinkle in Time” Production A Wrinkle in Time Opens March 10 and March 11 at Sierra Madre Playhouse The Pasadena Playhouse Partners with TodayTix on “God Looked Away” Starring Al Pacino VISUAL ARTS ArtNight Springs Into Action This Friday Watch Over 100 Films at The Pasadena Film Festival This Month Coming to Crowell Public Library: A Special Film Screening of “Reunification” – A Film by Alvin Tsang Open Studios Tour Opens Artists’ Application Period This Week DANCE Memory 5D+… An Immersive Musical Odyssey to a Distant Past Eliot Arts Dance Students Visit The Music Center, Experience Local Debut of the Jessica Lang Dance Company 10th Annual Pasadena Dance Festival Celebrates the Art of Movement Lanterman Historical Museum Foundation to Host Ragtime Tea Dance HISTORY Now Being Sold by Red Cross for $10.5 Million, Iconic Cravens Mansion was a Gift from a Grateful Immigrant The Huntington Library Announces Aquisitions, Including Unique Edition of John Muir’s Writings, Exquisite Illustrated Book on Camellias President Obama’s College Days Pasadena Residence Commemorated as a Place in History The Caltech Experience During Wartime SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY Caltch Researchers Discover New Materials That Could Turn Water into the Fuel of the Future JPL Tracking, Navigation Teams Perform Flawless Orbiter Maneuver, Steering Clear of Mars Moon Phobos Coming Soon: Online Tickets to ‘Explore JPL’ TEDxPasadenaWomen Hosts First TEDxPasadenaSalon DESIGN Final Week to View the Exhibits Batchelder: Tilemaker and Cast & Fired: Pasadena’s Mid-Century Ceramics Industry Pasadena Showcase House for the Arts Empty House Party Hints at Exquisite Designs Pasadena Showcase House of Design Makes “Empty House Party” Tickets Available for Friday Night Party ArtCenter Earns National Endowment for the Arts Grant to Inspire Next Gen Mobility Designers LITERARY ARTS The Altadena Library Hosts the Annual ‘Poetry and Cookies’ Event The Friends of Crowell Public Library Meet the Authors Series Presents Edan Epstein – Author of Afternoon of the Faun Seth Stewart’s The Ending I Imagined Poetry Reading and Signing at Flintridge Bookstore & Coffeehouse Pasadena Festival of Women Authors Announces Participation by Three New York Times Bestselling Authors, Four Acclaimed Novelists Community Click Headings for Section Home Pages COMMUNITY NEWS Caltch Researchers Discover New Materials That Could Turn Water into the Fuel of the Future Caltech Names Two Distinguished Alumni Immigrant ‘Dreamer’ Leads New Community Organization Formed from the Success of City Minimum Wage Campaign Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society EDUCATION Pasadena City Council, School Board Candidates Await Tuesday’s Elections Pasadena City College Music Department offers Jazz Day Festival to High School Music Ensembles Army of Local Realtors Reads Aloud to Elementary Students For Dr. Seuss-Themed ‘Read Across Pasadena’ The La Salle High School Speech & Debate Team Compete GOVERNMENT Jericho Road Pasadena Set to Go Before the City’s Arts and Culture Commission Big Ticket Public Works Projects Will Dominate Week’s Recreation and Parks Commission Meet City Manager Appoints New General Manager for Water & Power Department Pasadena City Council, School Board Candidates Await Tuesday’s Elections GIVING BACK This Week’s Social Scene Op365 Get Together LA “Bettering the World We Share… One Interaction at a Time” Foothill Family Achieves National Re-Accreditation Handmade Shopping With A Cause This Spring at Jackalope Pasadena GATHERINGS Pasadena Community Gardens Conservancy’s Seeds of Transformation Kick Off Party Hillsides Gala Raises $370,000 for Southern California Foster Care Charity City’s 20th Annual Black History Breakfast Thursday Celebrated Diversity Shakespeare Club’s Annual Rose Queen and Court Luncheon PEOPLE Caltech Names Two Distinguished Alumni Immigrant ‘Dreamer’ Leads New Community Organization Formed from the Success of City Minimum Wage Campaign City Manager Appoints New General Manager for Water & Power Department Parsons Welcomes Barfield as Vice President and Capture Manager Leader FAITH “A Day Without A Woman” at All Saints Church in Pasadena Religious Film Series Produced at St. Andrew’s Catholic Church in Pasadena Pasadena Church, Shuttered Last Sunday After Financial Battle, Continues Online, Evolves into “Virtual Church” La Canada Presbyterian Church’s Growing Families Presents “Positive Parenting with the Brain in Mind” Click for Events Home Events by Date What's On Today 7:30 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. City of Pasadena and the Pasadena Chamber of Commerce NASA JPL Host Industry Day 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. City of Pasadena Pasadena Unified School District Election Day All day event Old Pasadena Happy Hour Week 8:00 a.m. - 9:15 a.m. ShopTalk Breakfast with David Watkins South Pasadena s Planning Building Department Director 9:00 a.m. Altadena Chamber of Commerce Board Meeting 9:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. Open Computer Lab Time Event Search WhatYou are searching... All Altadena Event Art Benefits Business Children Classical Music Convention Center Dance Education Food & Wine Gardens Green Health Holiday Innovation & Technology Jazz Lectures Music Nightlife Openings/Closings Readings and Signings Shopping & Sales South Pasadena Event Special Events Sports Technology Theatre Tours Date All Dates Today Tomorrow The Weekend The Next 7 days Choose a date range EVENTS PREVIEWS The History of Food will be Explored During Spring Term of the Master’s Series at Pasadena Senior Center Pet Adoption Faire at Altadena Library Final Week to View the Exhibits Batchelder: Tilemaker and Cast & Fired: Pasadena’s Mid-Century Ceramics Industry The Altadena Library Hosts the Annual ‘Poetry and Cookies’ Event NIGHTLIFE Your Pasadena Live Music Round Up Lovable Cynic Alonzo Bodden Returns Joey Diaz and Eric Blake on New Year’s Eve at the Ice House Comedy Club According to Jim’s Jim Belushi Returns with The Board of Comedy DINING How to Order the Perfect Amount of Food for Your Next Event The Stand Opened Wednesday in the Playhouse District Tap + Kitchen is The New Eatery on Allen Sidewalk Cafe HTS Charms in Pasadena Media Partner Click Headings for Section Home Pages NEWS AROUND TOWN CITY SPORTS SCHOOLS Special Sections TRAVEL Learn about Travel to India with the Pasadena Chamber Dubai Trip Added to September Itinerary Pasadena Highlighted in Latest Issue of Southwest In flight Magazine Langham Hotels Resorts Recognized with Six Cond Nast Traveler s Readers Choice Awards CARS Lexus RX F Sport Car like Attitude in a Luxury Crossover Body Toyota Camry Tried and True Toyota Blasting Off on a Highway Near You PHOTOGALLERIES Pasadena Community Gardens Conservancy s Seeds of Transformation Kick Off Party Celebrate Spring with Cherry Blossoms Army of Local Realtors Reads Aloud to Elementary Students For Dr Seuss Themed Read Across Pasadena Click Headings for Section Home Pages SHOPPING & SALES Handmade Shopping With A Cause This Spring at Jackalope Pasadena Doors Close on an Institution We Olive Reopened Today Wine Bar Still Pending Family Floral Business Continues to Bloom in Pasadena BEAUTY A White Smile Can Lead to Success Treat Your Valentine to Luxury and Score a Gift for Yourself at Burke Williams New Year New Style Liven Up Your Winter Style With Peek Beauty HEALTH Research Conducted in Pasadena Reveals Youth with Type Diabetes Develop Complications More Often than Type Peers Heart Health Tips for March One Sounds Good Right About Now Free Health Screenings at Crowell Public Library FASHION & STYLE Meredith M will Host Friday Night Happy Hour Give Your Closet Breathing Room Can Natural Organic Vegan Coconut Mattresses Make Us Healthier Style Tips for Busy Moms IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU Family Law with a Personal Touch Don t Let Your Health Insurance Be Cancelled for Non Payment of Premium How Can My Child Continue in Private School After My Divorce Estate Planning in Your s s s s REAL ESTATE An Impressive English Period Revival Style Home Located in East Mountain Street Glendale A Charming Traditional Style Home Located in Altadena Insider Real Estate Tips Get Your Home Sold in AT HOME When Does Fire Damage Warrant a Call to a Professional Do You Have a Mold Problem Why You Should Embrace Transitional Style Three Simple Solutions to Make Your Home Look Like New IN THE GARDEN Celebrate Spring with Cherry Blossoms Descanso Gardens Cherry Blossom Festival Expands to Two Weekends Hahamongna Native Plant Nursery First Sale of the Year Descanso Gardens Presents Camellia Tea Festival FOOD & DRINK How to Pair Wine with Mexican Food The Sidewalk Cafe HTS Charms in Pasadena Steps to Making Perfect Latte Art Old Pasadena Happy Hour Week from March Get Happy with Daily Happy Hours Click Headings for Section Home Pages Click here for Front Page Local News NEWS NOW Pasadena’s Famed Black History Parade is Gearing Up to Hit The Streets After Being Postponed Last Month Pasadena Basketball Teams Go 0-3 in CIF-SS Championship Games this Weekend Pasadena City Council, School Board Candidates Await Tuesday’s Elections THE LATEST City Manager Appoints New General Manager for Water & Power Department For Third Time in a Week, Authorities Faced Specter of Suicide at Colorado Street Bridge Over Weekend Vote Early This Weekend in City Elections CRIME Man Pleads Guilty to Shooting at Pasadena Police Officer Reward Extended in Altadena Murder Case Police Sieze Nine Firearms and Arrest Multiple Armed Suspects in the Weekend’s Spate of Shootings PUBLIC SAFETY For Third Time in a Week, Authorities Faced Specter of Suicide at Colorado Street Bridge Over Weekend Pasadena Police Investigating If Murder Suspect Is Linked to His 87-Year-Old Grandfather’s Disappearance Pasadena Police Postpone Motorcycle Safety Enforcement Operation in Order to Attend Funeral for Fallen Whittier Officer GOVERNMENT Jericho Road Pasadena Set to Go Before the City’s Arts and Culture Commission Big Ticket Public Works Projects Will Dominate Week’s Recreation and Parks Commission Meet City Manager Appoints New General Manager for Water & Power Department EDUCATION Pasadena City Council, School Board Candidates Await Tuesday’s Elections Pasadena City College Music Department offers Jazz Day Festival to High School Music Ensembles Army of Local Realtors Reads Aloud to Elementary Students For Dr. Seuss-Themed ‘Read Across Pasadena’ BUSINESS Ministry Offers Series of Free Workshops for Startup Entrepreneurs, Small Business Owners New Option for Parents: Social Hub for Local Kids with Autism Opens Pasadena Weekly’s Parent Company Buys Los Angeles Downtown News SPORTS Pasadena Basketball Teams Go 0-3 in CIF-SS Championship Games this Weekend Boys Athletes of the Week: Chris Austin – Maranatha, Dez Washington – Blair, Bryce Hamilton – Pasadena Girls Athlete of the Week: Brennah Bronk of Polytechnic School OPINION Opinion | Letter From District 5 Neighbors Guest Opinion | Andy Wilson: Tired of traffic? Here are Five Strategies to Make Things Better Shirlee Smith | Simple Rules Can Prevent Children’s Tragic Falls from Shopping Carts Click Headings for Section Home Pages FEATURES Chandler Students Return from Hong Kong Exchange Trip Andean Music Showcased in Polytechnic School s Global Initiatives Event Barnhart School Summer Program The Gooden School s Third Graders Fractured Fairy Tales SCHOOL NEWS Blair Middle School Hosts Brain Awareness Day Realtors Read Across Pasadena in Photos Read Across Pasadena Week Jefferson Elementary Opens Little Free Libraries Pasadena Unified Seeks Applicants for Vacant Seats on Measure TT Citizens Oversight Committee SCHOOL EVENTS Pasadena Waldorf School Presents La Soiree LEARNs College Fair is March John Muir High School Western Association of Schools and Colleges WASC Accreditation Visit High Point Academy s Dads and Special Friends Breakfast SPORTS Alverno Heights Academy Defeats California Academy of Math and Science Chandler School Wins League Championships Girls Athlete of the Week Sabrina Avila of Ramona Convent Secondary School Immaculate Heart High School Middle School Delphic League Champions COMMUNITY SERVICE Eliot Arts Magnet School Named a California Department of Education s Green Ribbon School Flintridge Sacred Academy Community Donates Prom Dresses to Salvation Army Campaign A Fun Filled Night of Comedy Magic Here s How You Can Help Support Maranatha Missions ACADEMICS St Rita School Participate in La Salle Invitational Speech and Debate Tournament The La Salle High School Speech Debate Team Compete Marshall Presents Benjamin Burnette and Christian Tran Candidates for US Presidential Scholars Program Flintridge Sacred Heart Academy s Speech Debate Team Travel to Berkeley THE ARTS Pasadena Unified s th Annual No Boundaries Student Art Exhibition Opens March Designing the American Dream Eliot Arts Dance Students Visit The Music Center Performing Arts Center of Los Angeles Witch Trials and the Power of Public Presentation in Westridge s th Grade Humanities FOCUS ON LEARNING New Horizon School of Pasadena Science Fair La Canada Unified School District Science Night PUSD How to Help Students Succeed in Math Mayfield Junior School Singing with Jaime Click Headings for Section Home Pages HOME DECORATING When Does Fire Damage Warrant a Call to a Professional? Do You Have a Mold Problem? Why You Should Embrace Transitional Style Three Simple Solutions to Make Your Home Look Like New HOME IMPROVEMENT Make the Switch to Copper or PEX Pipes Here’s What You Need to Know About Water Damage Thinking About Solar Panels? Don’t Forget To Check The Roof First Plumbing Fixes Everyone Should Know IN THE KITCHEN The Do’s and Don’ts of Kitchen Garbage Disposals How to Make the Most of End of Summer Fruits and Vegetables Feather Your Nest It’s Not Too Late to Cool Down With Fresh Produce ENTERTAINING Project Spotlight: Roosevelt Avenue Residence The Transformers of Furniture How to Be a Cheese Plate Nerd THE GARDEN Celebrate Spring with Cherry Blossoms Descanso Gardens Cherry Blossom Festival Expands to Two Weekends Hahamongna Native Plant Nursery First Sale of the Year Descanso Gardens Presents Camellia & Tea Festival THE BATH Get a Head Start on Your Holiday Hosting Plans Smart Living The Best Cure is Always Prevention The Secret to Earthquake Preparedness OUTDOOR LIVING Discussions and Encounters with Wildlife Highlight Urban Biodiversity How to Create a Relaxing Minimalist Landscape Defining Elements of Mediterranean Inspired Landscapes Yes, You can Have a Beautiful Yard in a Drought PETS Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society Slam Dunk for the Animals at Pasadena Humane Society Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society Pets of the Week at the Pasadena Humane Society ARTS & CRAFTS Handmade Shopping With A Cause This Spring at Jackalope Pasadena Get Crafting in the New Year Workshops Bring a Taste of DIY to Jackalope Pasadena This November Nancy Popp: Mason Line Hammocks with Side Street Projects
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Explainer: What Is Protectionism and Could It Benefit the US Economy? By Alexander Tziamalis • 03/03/17 4:13pm Protectionism has a long history in economics. Derell Licht/Flickr The largest economy on the planet is quickly moving to a protectionist stance in its international trade. US president, Donald Trump, has spoken of withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal signed by his predecessor Barack Obama; renegotiating or abandoning the NAFTA trade deal with Mexico and Canada; imposing a 35% tax on every car imported to the US, and even threatening China with a 45% tax on its exports to the US. This could have important ramifications for the US and other world economies. A protectionist policy is any policy that provides an unfair advantage to a home industry versus the international competition. The practice has a long history in economics. Mercantilism – where countries augmented their power through regulation that favored their own economies – was prevalent until the 18th century. But, with trade as one of the engines of economic growth in the 19th and 20th centuries, free trade for all became the benchmark and the goal. And the US was at the forefront of establishing bodies to promote and regulate international trade such as the GATT and its successor, the World Trade Organization. Yet forms of protectionism are still used by most states today. The European Union subsidies its own farmers and bans imports of cheap agricultural products from outside the EU. China’s currency is artificially low, making its exports cheaper – long the source of friction between it and the US. And Japan helped its industries develop with cheap loans, as well as imposing heavy tariffs on imports, forbidding international investors from buying national companies and even launching local campaigns to persuade its population to buy Japanese products instead of imported goods. To be fair, Japan has now lifted most of these measures, but it only did so when its products had become highly competitive anyway. The theory Economic theory stipulates that free trade makes everything cheaper and improves the quality of products, directly benefiting everyone. This stems from the fact that different countries have different production strengths. These could be a cheap workforce, technological expertise, geography or a rare resource. The argument goes that if each country focused and specialized on what they do best or cheapest, they would produce better quality or cheaper products. These could then be traded between countries, making every consumer happier. It’s a similar principle to everyone specializing in one career and then trading things we need, rather than trying to produce everything ourselves. Free trade has lifted whole countries out of poverty. It can bring a lot of income from abroad and can push businesses towards continuous investment, hard effort and innovation to expand their international market-share. This also applies to businesses that do not export, but now need to keep their prices low and their quality high to beat the incoming competition. In addition, free trade strengthens the links between countries, boosts economic co-operation and, the argument goes, makes wars less likely – after all, it’s not wise to invade your customers and suppliers. This was a fundamental reason for the creation of the European Economic Community, the precursor to the EU, shortly after World War II. When protection is a good idea There are some important benefits to protectionism, though. As early as 1817, the founder of free trade theory in economics, David Ricardo, recognized that the outcome of free trade may well be to strengthen states with the production advantage and lead to job losses for others. In situations where capital is mobile, and without any barriers to the flow of people and investment, all production could well move to one part of the world – sound familiar? Protectionism is also a good idea when dealing with infant industries. It gives precious time to a company to invest in its production facilities, personnel skills and gain the local consumer’s trust before the national market finally opens to international competitors. The success of Japanese, South Korean and Chinese industrialization is partly due to the fact that these countries shielded their industries in their infant stages, allowing them time to grow and strengthen before they had to compete with the industries of the West. This argument can also be extended to important industries that are experiencing temporary problems. The Obama administration’s decision to bail out the US car industry in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis followed this logic. Another strong argument in favor of protectionism follows the logic of Game Theory. If your competitor countries are going to offer protection to their industries anyway, then you should offer protection to your industries, too. For example, if the US government is indirectly subsidizing the American airplane manufacturer Boeing, then EU countries have a strong case to retaliate and consider subsidizing the European company Airbus as well. If they don’t, then Boeing will eventually gain a much higher market share which, in turn, might push Airbus out of business altogether. A gamble for Trump that could pay off So there’s certainly a case for protectionism, but Trump’s proposed policies are also a gamble. The obvious danger is that if Trump’s policies are enacted in full, they will substantially increase prices in the US. For example, the car manufacturer Ford claims that if it moved every stage of its production to the US, then some of its cars would be considerably more expensive. Tariffs on imports would mean that all the goods imported from Asia, Latin America and Europe would be more expensive, too. Ford cars could get more expensive. MauricioCastroV./Flickr Faced with the debilitating effect of rising inflation, the central bank of the US, the Federal Reserve, might have to increase interest rates more aggressively to limit the damage. Higher interest rates will then further reduce the buying power of the American consumer and reduce inward investment. Plus, it is also likely that US trading partners will retaliate in kind, to the detriment of US exports and the companies that manufacture them, further hurting demand for American products. The key to success lies in the confidence and expectations of businesses and consumers. If people believe that Trump’s policies are geared towards economic growth then, as a self-fulfilling prophecy, they will bring this growth with investment and spending. A possible early indication of this sentiment could be the rise of the Dow Jones stock index following Trump’s election and an unprecedented surge in economic optimism. If American companies believe that the new policies will boost consumption of American products, rather than imports, then they have an incentive to invest in their production and hire locally. Plus, if Trump’s threat to impose huge tariffs is believed, many foreign companies that currently produce outside the US will have an incentive to relocate within its borders. Employment levels, salaries, spending and confidence by consumers and businesses will go up further, triggering even more inward investment. The most likely way that Trump’s policies could benefit the US economy, though, is simply by posing a credible threat to US trading partners. Once the outrage against his protectionist threat subsides, a number of countries will be happier to lift their own forms of protectionism against American products and sign trade deals more favorable for US exports. American governments have long tried to persuade China to allow its currency to appreciate; now Trump intends to strong-arm them. Alexander Tziamalis is a Senior Lecturer (Associate Professor) in Economics and Consultant at Sheffield Hallam University. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Up NextShould Indie Authors Publish Exclusively With Amazon or Not? Article continues below More from Business & Tech Should Indie Authors Publish Exclusively With Amazon or Not? Business & Technology Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Up NextShould Indie Authors Publish Exclusively With Amazon or Not? Observer Politics Arts & Entertainment Style & Design Business & Technology Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Snapchat IPO CERAWeek SXSW Trader Talk CNBC Disruptor 50 Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Politics Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes Secretary Wilbur Ross supports small biz landing the loans they need to operate globally Kate Rogers | @katerogersnews Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 3:41 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Sec. Ross: WTO necessary but needs fine-tuning    Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 7:24 AM ET | 07:06 While the Export-Import Bank of the United States remains a political football, small companies that do business overseas got a hopeful signal from Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross Friday when it comes to financing international deals. When asked about his stance on the Ex-Im Bank, Ross reiterated the importance of having a form of aid to finance exports in order to remain competitive. "Finance is clearly one of the mechanisms for international competition," Ross said on CNBC's "Squawk Box." "So, maybe there are some things in Ex-Im that can be fixed, maybe a different mechanism is needed. What I hope whatever comes out of it will do, is to help small businesses more." With President Donald Trump's focus on American manufacturing and business growth, the future of the Ex-Im Bank has once again comes into focus. The bank, which makes and guarantees loans and provides insurance to companies doing business overseas, benefits large corporations but can also act as a powerful financial tool for some small companies doing business abroad. show chapters Sec. Ross: Technical debate on trade balance    Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 7:17 AM ET | 05:06 The White House's position on the bank has been hard to pinpoint. As a candidate, Trump originally opposed the bank, but in February Democratic senators said the president would support the bank and help to fill two seats on its board, which would enable it to approve larger loans of more than $10 million. The bank's support of giants like Boeing and General Electric has made it a target of conservative Republicans who view it as corporate welfare for big business. In a CNBC interview last week, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the administration is looking at the bank and is "not interested" in its subsidizing of large corporations, adding "to the extent we think the Export-Import Bank can be competitive in helping small and medium-sized businesses, that's something that is important." The Trump administration did not immediately respond to request for further comment on the president's stance, and Ross did not give a time frame on resolving the bank's vacant seats. More cash flowing to small businesses Because of the bank's current limited authority to make larger loans, it's financing less, but a greater percentage of its capital is flowing to small businesses. In fiscal 2016, the bank authorized $5 billion in deals to support $8 billion in U.S. exports, and more than 50 percent of the financing went to small businesses. In fiscal 2015, about a quarter of the bank's authorized deals — $12.3 billion to support $17 billion in U.S. exports — went to smaller companies. After a battle over its reauthorization, the Ex-Im Bank is now approved to transact business through fiscal year 2019. "Ex-Im provides financial solutions that help small businesses increase their competitiveness abroad, unlock working capital, and grow foreign sales, all the while helping to mitigate the risks of international business. About 90 percent of Ex-Im's transactions directly benefit American small businesses," said Lawton King, a spokesman for the bank. Smaller companies are a powerful force in exporting, but major barriers exist for some in entering the international arena, including a lack of knowledge of how to get started and concerns over payment, according to a 2016 survey from the National Small Business Association, a nonpartisan advocacy group. In 2015, preliminary figures show 293,000 companies in the U.S. exported goods, of which, 98 percent were small and medium-sized exporters with fewer than 500 workers, according to the International Trade Administration. Overall, using figures from 2014, about 4 percent of all U.S. companies export goods, according to the organization. "Ex-Im Bank is critical to small- and mid-sized exporters. The prospect of getting financing as an average small business is very difficult and exponentially more so when you're dealing with foreign buyers as an exporter," said Molly Day, vice president for public affairs at the National Small Business Association. "Ex-Im Bank fills a financing gap that enables small exporting firms to sell internationally, and ought to be strongly supported in any plan to bolster American competitiveness." CORRECTION: The National Small Business Association is a nonpartisan advocacy group. The name was misstated in an earlier version of this article. Watch: Kudlow says do corporate tax reform now show chapters Kudlow: Do corporate tax reform right away    Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 4:25 PM ET | 04:56 Kate RogersCNBC Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Airports & Routes > Open Skies > American’s Parker: Gulf carriers threaten US hub-and-spoke system American’s Parker: Gulf carriers threaten US hub-and-spoke system Mar 3, 2017 Karen Walker EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 American CEO Doug Parker US Chamber of Commerce webcast screenshot Related Media Photo Gallery: This Week in Aviation-Feb. 27-March 3, 2017 Advertisement In another indication that there is a renewed push against the expansion of the major Gulf carriers in the US, American Airlines chairman and CEO Doug Parker said he was “highly confident” that the new Trump administration would address the issue. Speaking at the US Chamber of Commerce Aviation Summit in Washington March 2, Parker said the major Middle East airlines had received $15 billion in government subsidies. He also described Emirates Airline’s announcement in January that it would launch Dubai-Athens-New York Newark service in March as “a shot across the bow.” Dubai-based Emirates can operate the transatlantic route under fifth-freedom rights permitted in the US-UAE Open Skies agreement. But launching a second fifth-freedom route—the first was Dubai-Malpensa-New York—and going into a United Airlines hub has reignited a campaign against the Gulf carriers—Emirates, Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways—that was highly vocal in 2015 but mostly quiet last year. American, Delta Air Lines, United and some labor groups failed to get the government-to-government talks they sought on the issue in the Obama administration, although some high level conversations were held. Earlier in Thursday’s Chamber of Commerce conference, United CEO Oscar Munoz made his first detailed public comments on the Gulf carriers, making clear his firm opposition. The order of magnitude of the alleged subsidies, he said, “goes beyond anything I’ve seen before.” American’s Parker said the Gulf carriers had “taken away” the India market and if they were allowed to continue to add capacity, Dallas-Paris would be next “and our hub-and-spoke system starts to fall apart. It’s that serious.” Parker said it was not about taking jobs away from Boeing, which has sold large numbers of aircraft to the Gulf carriers, or about the principle of having a liberalized aviation policy. “We are as big a fan of Open Skies as FedEx, but what we don’t like is when the provisions of Open Skies agreements are not adhered to. We are not asking for [the agreements] to be amended,” he said. Speaking afterward with reporters, Parker said he was “highly confident” the issue would be understood by the Trump administration. “It’s certainly about American jobs,” he said. “At this point there are a number of things that could be done about the fact that they are violating [terms of the Open Skies agreements].” Speaking on a panel at the same conference after Parker’s presentation, the CEOs of Alaska Airlines, JetBlue Airways and Atlas Worldwide Holdings warned that revisiting the terms of Open Skies agreements would be a major mistake. “We very much take a different view” from American, Delta and United on the issue, JetBlue president and CEO Robin Hayes said. Responding to Munoz’s assertion that “facts” would ultimately push the US government to take action, Hayes said, “Let’s talk about some real numbers and real facts. The number of jobs [at US companies opposed to the American-Delta-United campaign, including—among others—JetBlue and FedEx Corp.] is 900,000.” He noted that the figure represents about three times more employees than American, Delta and United have combined. The US Airlines for Open Skies (USAOS), a coalition of Atlas Air Worldwide, FedEx, Hawaiian Airlines and JetBlue Airways, also issued a statement in response to remarks made by Munoz and Parker at the conference. “The legacy carriers claim to support Open Skies and competition, but the reality is their demands don’t match their rhetoric. Instead of going through traditional channels to address alleged subsidies, the legacy carriers have made political demands that would jeopardize the benefits Open Skies agreements bring to American workers, families, and communities. “When it comes to jobs, our coalition—plus the other US airlines not aligned with the legacy carriers—collectively employ more than 942,000 workers, almost three-and-a-half times the number employed by the legacy carriers,” USAOS said. Karen Walker Karen.walker@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles American’s Parker calls Gulf carrier subsidy ‘unprecedented’ as feud escalates 11   US carriers insist they only want talks on Gulf competition 2   JetBlue, Alaska, Atlas push back against US majors on Gulf issue Airline execs concerned about liberalization reversal   Tyler: IATA ‘not the battleground’ for US vs Gulf dispute   Blogs & Commentary Mar 1, 2017 blog 10 good and bad indicators for US aviation under Trump It’s still early days in the US Trump administration, but here’s a few thoughts on the outlook for aviation, good and bad, given what little we have seen and heard so far....More Mar 1, 2017 blog Is European aviation broken? When parking costs more than your flight, it’s clear something is fundamentally wrong with the European airline business model....More Feb 27, 2017 blog Express cargo’s big shift Express cargo companies are scrambling to keep up with the e-commerce monster they helped spawn....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Mar 3, 2017 Article American’s Parker: Gulf carriers threaten US hub-and-spoke system In another indication that there is a renewed push against the expansion of the major Gulf carriers in the US, American Airlines chairman and CEO Doug Parker said he was “highly confident” that the new Trump administration would address the issue....More Mar 3, 2017 Article JetBlue, Alaska, Atlas push back against US majors on Gulf issue The CEOs of JetBlue Airways, Alaska Airlines and Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings continue to push back against American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and United Airlines on the issue of alleged Gulf airline subsidies....More Mar 2, 2017 Article Boeing CEO Muilenburg lauds Trump’s ‘engagement’ with aviation Boeing chairman, president and CEO Dennis Muilenburg praised US President Donald Trump at the US Chamber of Commerce Aviation Summit in Washington DC March 2, describing him as “very much engaged with industry … [with] a great curiosity and a great affinity for airplanes and aerospace.”...More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Top 5 Vendors in the Global Commercial Aircraft Leasing Market from 2017 to 2021: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global commercial aircraft leasing market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global commercial aircraft leasing market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 03, 2017 12:23 PM Eastern Standard Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recent global commercial aircraft leasing market report. This research report also lists five other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. The global commercial aircraft leasing market is propelled by numerous factors. One of these factors is the increase in the global passenger traffic, which is compelling the global airlines to increase their existing fleet sizes. This factor has also increased the significance of aircraft leasing arrangements. Growing investments by the Chinese and Irish aircraft lessors is also propelling the global commercial aircraft leasing market during the forecast period. Competitive vendor landscape There are many regional and multinational vendors in the global commercial aircraft leasing market, and the market is characterized by intense competition. However, major vendors like GECAS and AerCap dominate the market. During the forecast period, the requirement for an enhanced response time is expected to increase long-term collaboration among airlines and aircraft lessors. “Vendors with financial muscles are expected to acquire key contracts in emerging economies, including India, China, and Brazil. Low-interest rates and value-added services will help them to maintain long-term collaborations with the airlines,” says Avimanyu Basu, a lead aerospace analyst from Technavio. The growth of the major vendors depends on several factors, including the condition of the direct aircraft procurement market, government initiatives, and focus on the worldwide availability of leasing services. The vendors must extend their services to untapped international markets while reviving domestic demand to achieve sustained growth. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=56770 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top five commercial aircraft leasing market vendors AerCap As of December 2015, AerCap projected a total asset of USD 43.89 billion and operated 1,109 aircraft. The company serves over 200 customers in 80 countries across the globe. Airbus A320ceo and neo series, Airbus A330 and A350, and Boeing 737NG and 787 aircraft constitute over 83% of the aircraft fleet of the company. In FY2015, the company executed 276 agreements and purchased 46 new aircraft. It currently has an order book of 439 aircraft from various airlines across the globe. BBAM BBAM engages in a comprehensive array of aircraft lease activities like the origination of transactions through purchases for OEMs, sale-leaseback transactions for airlines, and purchase of commercial aircraft from other lessors and financial institutions. The company caters to over 200 airlines in 50 countries across the globe. CIT Commercial Air CIT Commercial Air primarily serves global and regional airlines across the world through its offices located in the US and several other European and Asian countries. As of December 31, 2015, the company financed, leased, and managed a portfolio comprising 386 aircraft fleets. GECAS As of December 2015, GECAS leased 1,620 aircraft to various airlines across the globe and booked 423 aircraft for procurement. In September 2016, the company started delivering Airbus A320neo under operating lease agreements. SMBC Aviation Capital As of 31 March 2016, SMBC Aviation Capital owned, managed, and leased 660 aircraft to more than 100 customers in 43 countries across the globe. It also placed an order worth USD 8.5 billion to Boeing for 80 B737 Max 8 aircraft that are scheduled to be delivered between 2018-2022. Similarly, in 2015, the company contracted Airbus for the supply of 110 A320neo and five A320ceo aircraft worth USD 11.8 billion. These aircraft are scheduled to be delivered between 2017-2022. Browse Related Reports: Global Aircraft Galley Equipment Market 2016-2020 Global Commercial Aircraft Wing Market 2017-2021 Global Hybrid Aircraft Market 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like defense, homeland security, and space. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recent global commercial aircraft leasing market report from 2017-2021. #Hashtags #Research #commercialaircraftleasing #Aerospace #AerospaceandDefense #Technavio $Cashtags $AER Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Top 5 Vendors in the Global Commercial Aircraft Leasing Market from 2017 to 2021: Technavio By Published: Mar 3, 2017 12:23 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Mar 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recentglobal commercial aircraft leasing marketreport. This research report also lists five other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170303005032/en/ The global commercial aircraft leasing market is propelled by numerous factors. One of these factors is the increase in the global passenger traffic, which is compelling the global airlines to increase their existing fleet sizes. This factor has also increased the significance of aircraft leasing arrangements. Growing investments by the Chinese and Irish aircraft lessors is also propelling the global commercial aircraft leasing market during the forecast period. Competitive vendor landscape There are many regional and multinational vendors in the global commercial aircraft leasing market, and the market is characterized by intense competition. However, major vendors like GECAS and AerCap dominate the market. During the forecast period, the requirement for an enhanced response time is expected to increase long-term collaboration among airlines and aircraft lessors. “Vendors with financial muscles are expected to acquire key contracts in emerging economies, including India, China, and Brazil. Low-interest rates and value-added services will help them to maintain long-term collaborations with the airlines,” says Avimanyu Basu, a lead aerospace analyst from Technavio. The growth of the major vendors depends on several factors, including the condition of the direct aircraft procurement market, government initiatives, and focus on the worldwide availability of leasing services. The vendors must extend their services to untapped international markets while reviving domestic demand to achieve sustained growth. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=56770 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top five commercial aircraft leasing market vendors AerCap As of December 2015, AerCap projected a total asset of USD 43.89 billion and operated 1,109 aircraft. The company serves over 200 customers in 80 countries across the globe. Airbus A320ceo and neo series, Airbus A330 and A350, and Boeing 737NG and 787 aircraft constitute over 83% of the aircraft fleet of the company. In FY2015, the company executed 276 agreements and purchased 46 new aircraft. It currently has an order book of 439 aircraft from various airlines across the globe. BBAM BBAM engages in a comprehensive array of aircraft lease activities like the origination of transactions through purchases for OEMs, sale-leaseback transactions for airlines, and purchase of commercial aircraft from other lessors and financial institutions. The company caters to over 200 airlines in 50 countries across the globe. CIT Commercial Air CIT Commercial Air primarily serves global and regional airlines across the world through its offices located in the US and several other European and Asian countries. As of December 31, 2015, the company financed, leased, and managed a portfolio comprising 386 aircraft fleets. GECAS As of December 2015, GECAS leased 1,620 aircraft to various airlines across the globe and booked 423 aircraft for procurement. In September 2016, the company started delivering Airbus A320neo under operating lease agreements. SMBC Aviation Capital As of 31 March 2016, SMBC Aviation Capital owned, managed, and leased 660 aircraft to more than 100 customers in 43 countries across the globe. It also placed an order worth USD 8.5 billion to Boeing for 80 B737 Max 8 aircraft that are scheduled to be delivered between 2018-2022. Similarly, in 2015, the company contracted Airbus for the supply of 110 A320neo and five A320ceo aircraft worth USD 11.8 billion. These aircraft are scheduled to be delivered between 2017-2022. Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like defense , homeland security , and space . This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170303005032/en/ SOURCE: Technavio Research"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Technavio Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sat, Mar 04, 2017 - Page 10　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp World Business Quick Take Agencies OIL Saudi Arabian output down Saudi Arabia continued to lead OPEC’s efforts to cut production, helping the organization get closer to a goal set out in a historic accord last year. Riyadh lowered oil supply by 90,000 barrels a day from a month earlier to 9.78 million last month, according to a Bloomberg News survey of analysts, oil companies and ship-tracking data. It was the second month in a row that the world’s biggest crude exporter pumped below its own target of 10.06 million barrels a day. Overall, the OPEC’s production fell to 32.17 million barrels a day last month, a 65,000 barrel-a-day drop from January, the first month of the accord. AVIATION Boeing cutting Seattle jobs Boeing Co is shrinking its Seattle-area workforce by at least 1,800 jobs this year as it streamlines operations in a brutally competitive commercial-aircraft market. The planemaker approved voluntary layoffs for 1,500 mechanics, according to a person familiar with the situation who asked not to be named because it has not been made public. Another 305 engineers and technical workers are leaving voluntarily, Bill Dugovich, a spokesman for their union, said on Thursday. COSTCO Membership fees rising Costco Wholesale Corp on Thursday said that it is raising its North America membership fees, as the warehouse club operator released quarterly results that fell short of Wall Street’s expectations. Its shares fell more than 4 percent in after-hours trading. Starting June 1, annual membership fees for individual, business and business add-on members in the US and Canada will rise US$5 to US$60. Executive memberships in those two nations will increase from US$110 to US$120. The fee increases will affect about 35 million members. The Issaquah, Washington-based company reported fiscal second-quarter net income of US$515 million, or US$1.17 per share. Costco posted revenue of US$29.77 billion in the period, which also did not meet Street forecasts. INTERNET Typo causes Amazon outage Amazon.com Inc says an incorrectly typed command during a routine debugging of its billing system caused the five-hour outage of some Amazon Web Services servers on Tuesday. In a summary posted online, the Seattle company says a command meant to remove a small number of servers for one of its S3 subsystems was entered incorrectly and a larger set of servers was removed. A full restart was required, which took longer than expected due to how fast Amazon Web Services has grown over the past few years. Amazon says it is making changes to its system to make sure incorrect commands would not trigger an outage of its Web services in the future. ENTERTAINMENT Spotify hits 50 million mark Spotify Ltd on Thursday said it has reached 50 million paid subscribers, growing 25 percent in less than six months and extending the Swedish music streaming service’s lead over its closest rival, Apple Music. Spotify, which has not yet shown a profit as it spends to grow internationally, is considering a potential US stock market listing, according to a February TechCrunch report. The Stockholm-based company said in February that it would move its New York office to the World Trade Center from the Midtown area of Manhattan, adding more than 1,000 new jobs. Launched in 2008, Spotify had 40 million paid subscribers in September last year. This story has been viewed 2867 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-02-28 to 2017-03-07 Most read Most e-mailed 1 228: PAST AND PRESENT: Feature: Victims demand justice 70 years after massacre 2 Japanese-era train station restored to its former glory 鐵道迷新去處 百年古蹟山佳車站修復亮相 3 Taipei man returns home only to find it torn down 4 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 At least 80 schools signed letters with China: MOE 2 Airport MRT to officially launch today 3 No independence for Taiwan, HK, Chinese premier warns 4 US-Asia change and continuity 5 EDITORIAL: Chiang’s diaries reveal his culpability MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team CrunchBoardPut Your Job In Front Of 14M TechCrunch Readers Post Your Job Today Space Watch World View explain its unique approach to space business and tourism Jeff Bezos wants Blue Origin to be the Amazon of the Moon NASA released a ton of software for free and here’s some you should try Browse more... Virgin’s newest company is Virgin Orbit, a small satellite specialist Posted Mar 3, 2017 by Darrell Etherington (@etherington) 0 SHARES Next Story GM’s new Maven Reserve service offers monthly vehicle rentals Virgin’s business in space just got a little busier – the company founded by Richard Branson just launched a new operation called Virgin Orbit, which becomes its own subsidiary company alongside Virgin Galactic and The Spaceship Company in Virgin’s space roster. Virgin Orbit will focus on dedicated launches of small satellites (smallsats), and will be headed up by Dan Hart, a longtime Boeing vet who acted as VP of Government Satellite Systems at his last gig. Virgin Orbit isn’t the group’s first crack at the can when it comes to launching small satellites, which are a relatively new category of device that offer advantages in terms of cost, production time and launch volume and that can operate in low Earth orbit (LEO) for functions like setting up a communications network, space-based imaging and more. The new company was operating under Virgin Galactic as LauncherOne, the namesake of the small satellite launch system that Virgin has been working on, and which is already in the “advanced phase of hardware testing for every subsystem and major component of the vehicle,” according to the company’s press release announcing the news. Small satellite operations are quickly becoming big business, with many small private participants emerging. Alternatives like World View are also taking different approaches to similar market needs, and legacy players like Boeing are reimagining aspects of their operation to stay more competitive with new entrants in this space. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Jay Z Has Arrived | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Space Popular Posts Featured Stories Jay Z Has Arrived | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:21 | Crunch Report Amazon’s AWS buys Thinkbox Software, maker of tools for creative professionals 11 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Should Snap buy Twitter? 12 hours ago | Alex Wilhelm, Jonathan Shieber Justin Kan launches his own startup incubator program called Zero-F 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Snap tumbles 12% on day three, erases gains 12 hours ago | Katie Roof Latest From TechCrunch Land Rover’s new Discovery search and rescue SUV has a roof-mounted drone 11 minutes ago | Darrell Etherington How the M14 Industries Dragons’ Den deal collapsed 26 minutes ago | Steve O'Hear Samsung Pay is now live in India 44 minutes ago | Jon Russell Safaricom and mSurvey launch Consumer Wallet to map Africa’s cash economy 2 hours ago | Jake Bright Comment moderation powered by Up Next GM’s new Maven Reserve service offers monthly vehicle rentals Posted Mar 3, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Mobile User Experience Designer (UX) - TrainingPeaks at Peaksware (Boulder, CO, United States) Director of Community & Business Development (YC-backed) at Paragon One (New York, NY, United States) Lead Web Developer @ Numerai at Numerai (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer- Fullstack/Backend @ Sift Science at Sift Science (San Francisco, CA, United States) SysAdmin DevOps at Peaksware (Boulder, CO, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Land Rover’s new Discovery search and rescue SUV has a roof-mounted drone 11 minutes ago by Darrell Etherington How the M14 Industries Dragons’ Den deal collapsed 26 minutes ago by Steve O'Hear Samsung Pay is now live in India 44 minutes ago by Jon Russell Safaricom and mSurvey launch Consumer Wallet to map Africa’s cash economy 2 hours ago by Jake Bright The Sonos Playbase sits comfortably under your TV 4 hours ago by John Biggs Crunch Report | Jay Z Has Arrived 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Uber agreed to, then scrapped, a non-compete deal with Indonesian unicorn Go-Jek 5 hours ago by Jon Russell Twitch introduces Pulse, its very own gamer news feed 7 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Tech takes a softer initial stance on Trump’s latest executive order 8 hours ago by Kate Conger With tech ready to go to bat, Supreme Court puts off transgender rights case 9 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker
GO TO FULL SITE Tbilisi: 07 Mar 2017, 13:25 EN English Version Home Analysis Special Reports Government Multimedia In Pictures Life Press Scanner Blogs Time in Tbilisi: 07 Mar 2017, 13:25 News Politics Economy Society Justice Foreign Affairs Elections Culture Sport Good News In Pictures News Politics Economy Society Justice Foreign Affairs Elections Culture Sport Good News News Articles Blogs Archive NEWS Back Tweet Georgian $85m aircraft parts factory to begin operation in 2018 3 Mar 2017 - 16:35:00 Tweet Share Print Article Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Georgian $85m aircraft parts factory to begin operation in 2018 Agenda.ge,3 Mar 2017 - 16:35, Tbilisi,Georgia Georgia is building a factory that will produce civil aircraft parts for Boeing, Airbus and Bombardier passenger planes. An $85 million project will be jointly implemented by the state-owned shareholding company the Partnership Fund (PF) and Israeli-based international aerospace company Elbit Cyclone. The construction of the ‘high tech and modern’ aviation plant began in September 2016 and is expected to be completed in 2017. The new factory is expected to begin producing aircraft parts in 2018. The plant is being built on the premises of the Tbilisi Shota Rustaveli International Airport. When completed, it will employ about 100 people who will be trained by specialists from Israel. It is expected that the new facility will produce civil aviation composite parts that have a competitive advantage in the world market and will be on-sold to the airline industry. More specifically, it will produce parts like doors, aerodynamic surfaces and control panels. The plant will export 100 percent of the produced product. Back Tweet Most Read Check if your country is on the visa-free list1 Christmas lights illuminate Tbilisi for New Year’s Eve celebration2 Installation of “border" signs in Georgian villages sees important pipeline under Russian control3 Quirky Christmas tree’s delight Tbilisi4 Hundreds at risk as major flood hits Tbilisi, animals escape from Tbilisi Zoo5 Tags Cloud Georgia Asian Development Bank loan Government Tbilisi judo Varlam Liparteliani Paris Grand Slam reform Chief Prosecutor Giorgi Badashvili Prosecutor Council georgian international festival of arts Nodar Khaduri budget transparency open budget Calik Holding textile Gardabani thermal power plant partnership fund secret video sexual abuse torture Tbilisi Dominica financial aid natural disaster Government of Georgia Afghanistan mission ISAF Resolute Support Mission NATO Defence Ministry Tinatin Khidasheli cinedoc tbilisi documentary film festival RELATED NEWS Home News Timeline In Pictures About Agenda.ge Contact Us News Politics Economy Society Justice Foreign Affairs Elections Culture Sport Good News Analysis Special Reports In Pictures Life Press Scanner Twitter Facebook Youtube Flickr Rss Digg Copyright © 2013. Agenda.ge TOP ARTICLES NEWS ABOUT AGENDA CONTACT US COPYRIGHT © 2013. AGENDA.GE
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Parts of Apollo 11 Are Popping Up on 'Antiques Roadshow' David Grossman Popular MechanicsMarch 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Photo credit: WGBHMore From Popular Mechanics Even a half-century years later, it's hard to get your mind around the sheer size and scope of the effort required by NASA to get men on the moon. A small peek comes from the latest episode of PBS' "Antiques Roadshow", of all places. The show stops in Palm Springs, Calif., and finds some forgotten parts of the Columbia space module, which brought Buzz Aldrin, Neil Armstrong, and Michael Collins back to Earth. View photos Photo credit: NASAMore The module, no. 107, manufactured by North American Rockwell, was one of the three parts of the Apollo spacecraft, and only one to return to Earth. With its cramped living conditions and utilitarian purpose, Columbia was not given the same romantic fanfare as some other space artifacts. "When the spacecraft would come back to Downey [Calif.], we would strip them all down," explains a retired North American Aviation (now Boeing) engineer, whose name is not given on the show. "And so this arrow... they were scraping all this stuff off and throwing it away in a big pile, so they just gave it to me." "This stuff" turned out to include a had been affixed to Columbia's crew access hatch, with the arrow in question pointing to the panel to gain entrance to the crew cabin. While the cabin was expected to be opened from the inside, the decal was meant to help in the case of an emergency. The label is pretty beat up, reflective of its journey through the Earth's atmosphere and into splashdown. The engineer also presents small pieces which represent the personal pride the engineers took in their work on Apollo, including assembly parts tags. "This label another guy gave to me because I was the final person to stamp it, saying 'Hey, we've got a good product," the owner says on "Antiques Roadshow." "This is the serial number, '107.' So we called it '107' and when it went to [Cape Canaveral], it became Apollo 11." View photos Photo credit: WGBHMore This isn't the first time that Apollo 11 has featured on the PBS show, with smaller parts of the mission popping up and showcasing the sheer amount of effort that went into its smallest details. Ever since Jeff Bezos worked with conservators in 2013 to drag up key components of the module from the ocean floor, interest in Columbia has increased. The module itself is currently the target of a major restoration effort with a goal of protecting its famous heat shield from degradation. After 40 years in the National Air and Space Museum, the plan is that after the restoration, it will go on a roadshow of its own, going to Houston, St. Louis, Pittsburgh and Seattle before returning to DC. Columbia's going to get its moment in the sun, which, with any luck, might bring more lost artifacts out of the woodwork. Source: CollectSpace You Might Also Like 21 Trucks That All Lost Their Tops to the Same Vicious Bridge 5 Ways To Make Learning to Fly More Affordable 5 of the Oddest Ways to Start a Fire Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Hunter McGrady's Supersexy Red Carpet Look Has an Important Message 3983 messages7%56%37% Most Profitable Investment of All Time CrowdabilitySponsored Prince Jackson opens up about father Michael Jackson's legacy 1 messages The woman behind the story behind the Trump Twitter storm 757 messages4%68%28% Photos of the day - March 5, 2017 12 messages0%92%8% New Febreze Cleans Away Odors. FebrezeSponsored 'Missing Richard Simmons' highlights fitness icon's mysterious whereabouts 3 messages0%50%50% North Korea missiles 'drill for strike on US bases': KCNA 1009 messages3%71%26% Andrew Bogut fractures left tibia only one minute into Cavs career 344 messages7%73%20% Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored 97-year-old twins leave world as they entered it: together 741 messages11%59%30% Jackson Heights’ Muslim enclave in the New York City melting pot 224 messages4%67%29% Retracing President Trump's whirlwind wiretapping claims 5 messages0%43%57% Missing Wall Street Legend Releases Peculiar Video Banyan HillSponsored Ex-CIA director on wiretap claim: Trump apparently ‘forgot that he was president’ 10400 messages3%64%33% The Messed Wing: Video Emerges of Trump's Purported Tirade Against Steven Bannon, Reince Priebus 3553 messages4%63%33% Canada extends Ukraine troop training mission to 2019 Algis: How do you advance democracy and human rights by training Fascist Swine to murder the minority population. The hypocrisy of the US and English speaking world has grown to staggering proportions. It's totally criminal what the US/EU is doing around the world in the name of freedom. They are nothing but Pirates Of Marque. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 17
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Aviation Week & Space Technology > Aviation Week Laureate Awards > Boeing’s John Tracy Receives 2017 Klass Lifetime Achievement Award You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Boeing’s John Tracy Receives 2017 Klass Lifetime Achievement Award Mar 3, 2017 James R. Asker | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 2 Advertisement John Tracy, whose career crossed space, defense and commercial applications, and who was an early proponent of composites, is a 2017 Philip J. Klass Lifetime Achievement Award honoree.  When Tracy retired in 2016, he was Boeing’s chief technologist and its senior vice president of engineering. It was a far cry from where he began.  A native of Southern California, Tracy earned a degree in physics from California State University-Dominguez Hills. After college, he became a high school teacher. After being laid off three times in three years, he turned to industry for opportunities. But his classroom experience was invaluable later.  In 1979, Tracy got a job at chemical and munitions manufacturer Hercules as a detonation analyst. By 1981, he had moved on to McDonnell Douglas (now part of Boeing), where he worked on Delta launch vehicles.  Aviation Week’s 60th Annual Laureate Awards See the 2017 winners “I became convinced that composites were the future,” Tracy says. He pushed for the use of composites in Delta rocket fairings. While there is no “free lunch” in engineering, Tracy saw composites as presenting a golden opportunity to improve system performance and reduce manufacturing costs simultaneously.  At Boeing, the development of the 787 brought composites to its biggest test. Tracy knew the company’s engineering team had to show that composites could be used to economically manufacture an airplane and that the aircraft would pass certification. The program had significant hiccups, not just related to composites, of course. Still, Tracy recalls some uncomfortable moments before the company’s board of directors where he had to defend the decision to go with a “plastic” airplane.  Tracy believes one of his chief achievements at Boeing was centralizing its test and evaluation capabilities across its defense, space and commercial operations. Without that, his cohorts say, rollouts and deliveries of such products as the 787 and 747-8 would have slipped further. But those who know him cite his overall leadership abilities, and here’s where we go back to high school. Asked about his experience with students and the relevance in aerospace, he said: “You learn how to communicate, to honor them, to respect them, to help them grow, encourage them. We end up doing more than we thought we could.”  Tracy remains bullish on the future of aerospace and its ability to attract a new generation of engineering talent. “People don’t realize everything they touch, in one way or another, is enabled by aerospace or is a spinoff from aerospace,” he says. “We have had more impact on the world than any other industry.” Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 2 mikeBFM on Mar 3, 2017 Congratulations Mr. John Tracey Log In or Register to post comments esimonsen@earth... on Mar 4, 2017 John - Congratulations on your Lifetime Achievement Award - well deserved. Erik Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles NASA’s Charles Bolden Receives 2017 Klass Lifetime Achievement Award 2 Charles Elachi Receives 2016 Klass Lifetime Achievement Award   Lifetime Achievement Laureate: John Leahy, Sales Wonderworker 1 This Year’s High Achievers   2007 AW&ST Laureates Winners Announced   Aviation Week & Space Technology   Aviation Week & Space Technology delivers award-winning intelligence into emerging trends, programs and operational best practices to the global aviation, aerospace and defense industry. Subscribe   Advertisement Newsletter Signup Sign-up to receive our free newsletters Aviation Week newsletter - (Daily) View Sample E-mail: Country: Select countryUNITED STATESCANADAABU DHABIADENAFGHANISTANAL HUCEMAS ISALBANIAALGERIAANDAMAN ISANDORRAANGOLAANGUILLAANTIGUAARGENTINAARMENIAARUBAASCENSION ISAUSTRALIAAUSTRIAAZERBAIJANAZORES ISBAHAMASBAHRAINBANGLADESHBARBADOSBARBUDABELARUSBELEARIC ISBELGIUMBELIZEBENINBERMUDABHUTANBOLIVIABORNEOBOSNIA-HERZEGOVINABOTSWANABRAZILBRITISH VIRGIN ISBRITISH WEST INDIESBRUNEIBULGARIABURKINA FASOBURUNDICAMBODIACAMEROONCANARY ISLANDSCAPE VERDE ISLANDSCAYMAN ISLANDSCENTRAL AFRICAN REPCHADCHAFERINAS ISCHANNEL ISCHATHAM ISCHILECHINACOCO ISLANDCOLOMBIACOMOROSCONGOCOOK ISCOOK ISLANDSCOSTA RICACROATIACUBACYPRUSCZECH REPUBLICDENMARKDJIBOUTIDOMINICADOMINICAN REPUBLICEAST TIMORECUADOREGYPTEL SALVADORENGLANDERITREAESTONIAETHIOPIAFAEROE ISLANDSFALKLAND ISLANDSFIJIFINLANDFRANCEFRENCH GUIANAFRENCH POLYNESIAFRENCH WEST INDIESFUTUNA ISLANDSGABONGAMBIAGAZA STRIPGEORGIAGERMANYGHANAGIBRALTARGILBERT ISGREECEGREENLANDGRENADAGUADELOUPEGUATEMALAGUERNSEYGUINEAGUYANAHAITIHONDURASHONG KONGHUNGARYICELANDINDIAINDONESIAIRANIRAQIRELANDISLE OF MANISRAELITALYIVORY COASTJAMAICAJAPANJORDANKAZAKHSTANKENYAKIRGHIZIAKIRIBATIKOSOVOKUWAITKYRGYZSTANLAOSLATVIALEBANONLESOTHOLIBERIALIBYALIECHTENSTEINLITHUANIALUXEMBOURGMACAOMACEDONIAMADAGASCARMALAGASYMALAWIMALAYSIAMALDIVESMALIMALTAMARSHALL ISLANDSMARTINIQUEMAURITANIAMAURITIUSMAYOTTEMEXICOMICRONESIAMOLDOVAMOLUCA ISMONACOMONGOLIAMONTENEGROMONTSERRATMOROCCOMOZAMBIQUEMYANMARNAMIBIANAURUNEPALNETHERLAND ANTILLESNETHERLANDSNEVISNEW CALEDONIANEW GUINEANEW ZEALANDNICARAGUANIGERNIGERIANORTH KOREANORTHERN IRELANDNORWAYOMANORKNEY ISPAKISTANPALAUPALESTINEPANAMAPARACEL ISLANDSPARAGUAYPERUPHILIPPINESPHOENIX ISPITCAIRN ISPOLANDPORTUGALQATARREUNIONROMANIARUSSIARWANDASAN MARINOSAO TOME E PRINCIPESARAWAKSAUDI ARABIASCOTLANDSENEGALSERBIASEYCHELLESSIERRA LEONESINGAPORESLOVAK REPUBLICSLOVENIASOLOMON ISLANDSSOMALIASOUTH AFRICASOUTH KOREASPAINSRI LANKAST CROIXST KITTSST LUCIAST MAARTENST MARTINST PIERREST VINCENTSUDANSURINAMESWAZILANDSWEDENSWITZERLANDSYRIATAHITITAIWANTAJIKISTANTANZANIATASMANIATHAILANDTIBETTOGOTONGATRINIDAD AND TOBAGOTUNISIATURKEYTURKMENISTANTURKS ISLANDTUVALUUGANDAUKRAINEUNITED ARAB EMIRATESURUGUAYUZBEKISTANVANUATUVATICAN CITYVENEZUELAVIETNAMWALESWALLIS ISLANDWESTERN SAHARAWESTERN SAMOAYEMENZAIREZAMBIAZIMBABWE By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.* Subscribe Advertisement Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Commercial UAV Market 2017 Trends, Review and Analysis ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Commercial UAV 2017 Market Research Report The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 03, 2017 ) This report studies Commercial UAV in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering AeroVironment Aurora Flight BAE Systems Challis Heliplane UAV Denel Dynamics DJI Innovations Draganflyer Elbit Systems General Atomics General Dynamics Israel Aerospace Industries Lockheed Martin Northrop Grumman Parrot SA Prox Dynamics SAIC Textron Thales The Boeing Company Turkish Aerospace Industries Request For Free Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001558092/sample Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Commercial UAV in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast) , like North America Europe China Japan Korea Taiwan Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Fixed Wing UAV Rotary Blade UAV Nano UAV Hybrid UAV Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Commercial UAV in each application, can be divided into Agriculture Energy Government Media & Entertainment Retail For More Information About This Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-commercial-uav-market-research-report-2017 Table of Content 1 Commercial UAV Market Overview 2 Global Commercial UAV Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Commercial UAV Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Commercial UAV Supply (Production) , Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Commercial UAV Consumption by Regions (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Commercial UAV Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Commercial UAV Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Commercial UAV Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Commercial UAV Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Korea Commercial UAV Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 Taiwan Commercial UAV Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Commercial UAV Production, Revenue (Value) , Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Commercial UAV Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Commercial UAV Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Commercial UAV Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Commercial UAV Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Commercial UAV Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Commercial UAV Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Commercial UAV Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Commercial UAV Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 AeroVironment 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Commercial UAV Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Fixed Wing UAV 7.1.2.2 Rotary Blade UAV 7.1.3 AeroVironment Commercial UAV Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Aurora Flight 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Commercial UAV Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Fixed Wing UAV 7.2.2.2 Rotary Blade UAV 7.2.3 Aurora Flight Commercial UAV Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 BAE Systems 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Commercial UAV Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Fixed Wing UAV 7.3.2.2 Rotary Blade UAV 7.3.3 BAE Systems Commercial UAV Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Commercial UAV Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Commercial UAV Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase This Report -http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001558092/buy/2900 And Get, Discount on Report Purchase - http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001558092/discount Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ AppStore RSS Tuesday March 7 2017 Nation World Business Oil & Gas Armenian Aggression Nagorno-karabakh conflict Editorial Analysis Lifestyle Events Healthcare Culture Sports Travel Baku Chess Olympiad Home Home Nation World Business Oil & Gas Armenian Aggression Nagorno-karabakh conflict Editorial Analysis Lifestyle Events Healthcare Culture Sports Travel Baku Chess Olympiad 2017 USACC annual conference successfully completed [PHOTO] 3 March 2017 10:57 (UTC+04:00) 1 312 United States-Azerbaijan Chamber of Commerce (USACC) has successfully concluded its annual conference at the historic Willard InterContinental Hotel in Washington, DC on March 1-2, 2017 with the support of the Embassy of Azerbaijan. The conference was organized with platinum sponsorship of PASHA Bank, gold sponsorship of BP, SOCAR, Anglo-Asian Mining Plc and silver sponsorship of Gilan Holding, Baker McKenzie, Chevron, WCC International and Boeing. Seven reputable international organizations supported the conference as partners: the EBRD, the World Bank, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, AmCham Azerbaijan, Caspian Policy Center, Global Chamber and American Turkish Council. The theme of 2017 USACC Annual Conference was “Looking Ahead: Diplomacy, Business, Trade & Investment” and celebration of 25th anniversary of United States-Azerbaijan diplomatic relations. The event brought together 38 distinguished speakers, over 250 participants representing American and Azerbaijani government agencies and companies, leading American think-tanks, international organizations, America’s Fortune 500 companies, large investment banks and funds as well as members of diplomatic corps. USACC Executive Director Susan Sadigova and Co-Chairman Reza Vaziri opened the conference, welcomed the guests and recalled the importance of 25 years of friendship and successful partnership between the United States and Azerbaijan in various fields, including energy, trade and business and USACC’s role in maintaining these relations over the past two decades. USACC Honorary Advisor, former Governor of New Hampshire, former Chief of Staff of President George H.W. Bush and well-known American politician John Sununu also delivered his congratulations on the occasion of 25th anniversary of bilateral relations, praised cooperation with Azerbaijan, stressed the strategic importance to the United States and prospects of moving the bilateral relations forward. Ambassador of Azerbaijan to the United States Elin Suleymanov set the tone for the rest of the conference by commending the occasion of 25th anniversary of relations, outlining key issues that both countries face today and emphasized the importance of future strategic relations. Ambassador then read the congratulatory letter to USACC members from His Excellency Ilham Aliyev, President of Azerbaijan. Deputy Minister of Economy of Azerbaijan Sahib Mammadov delivered the next keynote remarks by touching upon the history of economic development in the country over the past 25 years. He highlighted the importance of economic diversification away from oil and gas and noted that Azerbaijan is the largest trade partner of the United States in the South Caucasus. According to Deputy Minister, the importance of the trade partnership is reflected in the number of trade missions of American companies to Azerbaijan, organized on a regular basis. Next keynote speaker Mary B. Warlick, Acting Special Envoy and Coordinator for International Energy Affairs at U.S. Department of State called Azerbaijan a reliable partner and touched upon the third meeting of the Advisory Council of the Southern Gas Corridor (SGC), recently held in Baku. She then delivered the message from U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson that reinforced the full support of the United States for SGC, and highlighted the priority role of Azerbaijan in diversification of energy routes, bringing additional gas sources and volumes to Europe and progressing relations with Azerbaijan. Ambassador of the United States to Azerbaijan Robert Cekuta congratulated the conference participants on the occasion of 25th anniversary, touched upon the historic relationship between the two countries and potential for further strategic cooperation. Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce Holly Vineyard also highlighted the importance of economic diversification and the role that American companies can play to support the country. Ms. Vineyard added that the United States is ready to support the modernization and diversification of Azerbaijan’s economy. Keynotes were followed by six sessions throughout the day. Regional Strategic Goals session with the participation of former special envoy of U.S. Department of State Amos Hochstein, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of U.S. Department of Defense (Pentagon) and others discussed the role of Azerbaijan in ensuring regional energy diversification, security and transit potential. New Regional Energy Map session with the participation of SOCAR VP Vitaliy Baylarbayov, BP VP Bakhtiyar Aslanbayli, Statoil VP Al Cook and others discussed the importance of SGC not only for energy diversification, but also its overall role in political transformation of the region. The following sessions on Banking and Finance, Doing Business in Azerbaijan, Public-Private Partnerships and Investments Beyond Oil featured an exciting line-up of speakers representing PASHA Bank, ExIm Bank, BNY Mellon, Center for Analyses of Economic Reforms and Communications, OPIC, Azersun Holding, Gilan Holding, SOFAZ, Cisco, EBRD, the World Bank, Azerbaijan Investment Company, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Azerbaijan State Committee on Property Issues, Baker McKenzie, Dentons, Deloitte, PwC, Maroon Capital Group and other leading companies and entities. Day 2 of the conference continued with closed roundtable meetings with the participation of Azerbaijani delegation and American companies. 2017 USACC Annual Conference had a record level of participation from both countries and generated significant interest on social media.  -- Follow us on Twitter @AzerNewsAz Category News USACC presents appreciation awards to ten dignitaries [PHOTO] 6 March 12:33 Tourism sector discussed in Baku [PHOTO] 21 February 15:34 DAIR focuses on further development of tourism in Azerbaijan 16 February 16:00 Participants to attend USACC Annual Conference confirmed 16 February 12:50 Registration open for next USACC annual conference 2 February 12:19 Gold byte - 2017' deadline extended 26 January 16:22 'Gold byte - 2017' in Azerbaijan 13 January 16:22 Hard Rock Cafe Baku hosts grand opening party with live performance by Marky Ramone [PHOTO] 16 December 2016 17:33 Last trends to be in vision in Modeko 16 December 2016 17:31 Pharmacognosy 2017 invites participants around world 15 December 2016 12:15 Latest Popular 13:26 • Italian Snam to invest 270M euros in TAP 13:13 • Trump's new travel ban order published 13:10 • First VP Mehriban Aliyeva: Being a parliament member was great honor for me 13:01 • Turkish Vice Admiral: Azerbaijani army able to prevent all provocations, attacks of enemy 12:43 • Rethinking productivity growth 12:40 • German, Turkish ministers to discuss ways to normalize relations 12:33 • Netanyahu praises U.S. anti-semitism policy 12:23 • National wrestlers grab three medals in Turkey [PHOTO] 12:07 • "Red Garden" awarded Best Feature Film [PHOTO] 11:53 • ESISC reveals probe into "Armenian connection" network at Council of Europe 11:44 • YARAT Film Club to present Azer Guliyev`s films 11:32 • CBI: Americans can open bank accounts in Iran 11:20 • Azerbaijan submits EC its offers on TRACECA 11:03 • Washington Times: U.S. must applaud Mehriban Aliyeva’s becoming First VP 11:00 • Azerbaijan to join İTB Berlin exhibition 10:47 • Azeri Light price hits $56.83 10:42 • Iraq security forces take control of Mosul's main government building 10:35 • Azerbaijani karate fighters shine in Turkey [PHOTO] 10:34 • Trump, Abe hold phone conversation over North Korea missile launch 10:30 • Armenia continues breaking ceasefire with Azerbaijan 6 March 16:00 • Kyrgyzstan sees fall in trade turnover with EEU states 6 March 14:17 • 'Kaspersky Lab' to develop cooperation with Azerbaijan 6 March 17:43 • Azerbaijani, Russian FMs review strategic partnership [UPDATE / PHOTO] 6 March 17:57 • Minister: France to encourage banks to work with Iran 6 March 14:36 • Azerbaijani opera singers to perform in Moscow 6 March 16:32 • Baku among Top 5 destinations for International Women's Day 6 March 15:41 • Cinema to be offered for entrepreneurs at privatization auction 6 March 17:23 • Iran MFA spokesman: We recommend Armenia, Azerbaijan to solve their problem themselves 6 March 17:41 • Azerbaijan further cuts oil output 6 March 18:03 • Azerbaijan to manufacture new UAVs in 2017 6 March 17:23 • Baku to host Spanish Film Festival 6 March 16:50 • MP: Azerbaijan’s refugee experience is example for Europe 6 March 17:05 • Kyrgyz president suggests Parliament to dissolve 6 March 15:23 • National judokas win gold medals in Antalya 6 March 15:10 • Don't miss workshop by Candoco Dance Company 6 March 18:21 • Only for women-new film project [PHOTO] 6 March 14:52 • Daniil Kvyat: Baku track is absolutely different than others 6 March 16:44 • Ashgabat, Tashkent voice commitment to expand ties, ink deals 6 March 17:06 • IAEA says Iran removes excess centrifuges from Fordow plant 6 March 13:51 • President Aliyev, First Lady inaugurate Heart Center in Baku [UPDATE/ PHOTO] AzerNews Newspaper Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Information About us Contacts Advertising Azernews In Print News Archive © 2017 AzerNews. All rights reserved
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 09:27 GMT, Mar 07, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica US spy satellite launched aboard Atlas V rocket to conduct intelligence missions (VIDEO) Published time: 3 Mar, 2017 03:42Edited time: 3 Mar, 2017 12:06 Get short URL © United Launch Alliance / YouTube A rocket carrying a classified US spy satellite has successfully launched, kicking off a secret mission for US intelligence agencies. On Wednesday, a two-stage United Launch Alliance (ULA) Atlas V rocket, carrying the classified NROL-79 satellite, took off from the Vandenberg Air Force Base in Southern California. ULA, a Lockheed Martin–Boeing joint venture, built the Atlas V rocket to carry the confidential payload for the US National Reconnaissance Office (NRO), a once-secret organization that oversees the US' constellation of spy satellites.  #NROL79 will carry a national security payload designed, built and operated by the NRO. Photo: Payload mating to the @ulalaunch#AtlasV. pic.twitter.com/5OTHIE7dgr— NRO (@NatReconOfc) February 28, 2017 The 191-foot-high Atlas V rocket reaches mach one, the speed of sound, 81 seconds after liftoff, according to a ULA mission profile.  The booster engine cuts off after the rocket is travelling at 8,700mph (14,001kph), four minutes and three seconds after liftoff. At the time, the rocket travels 140 miles from the launchpad and is located at an altitude of 77.5 miles (124.7 kilometers).  The booster engine cuts off after the rocket is travelling at 8,700mph (14,001kph), four minutes and three seconds after liftoff. At the time, the rocket travels 140 miles from the launchpad and is located at an altitude of 77.5 miles (124.7 kilometers).  "A launch like this requires thousands of hours of activity and practice to execute successfully," Lieutenant Colonel Eric Zarybnisky, 4th Space Launch Squadron commander, said, according to the Vandenberg Air Force Base. "Engineers and technicians from my squadron work with members of the United Launch Alliance to ensure a successful launch like this one." Wednesday’s mission marks ULA’s second launch this year and the 117th successful launch since the company was formed in 2006. ULA plans for a total of 11 missions in 2017, and claims to have had a 100 percent success rate in the past ten years of launches. The launch was originally scheduled for December 1, but was pushed back after wildfires endangered the mission. ULA dedicated the mission to Ryan Osler, an 18-year veteran of the Ventura County Fire Department, who died in a crash on his way to fight the Canyon Fire at the Vandenberg Air Force Base in September. #AtlasV#NROL79 mission is dedicated in memory of Ventura County FD's Ryan Osler, who was killed en route to fight the Canyon Fire in Sept pic.twitter.com/42VRe9wnbq— ULA (@ulalaunch) March 1, 2017 “Tragically, Ventura County firefighter Ryan Osler lost his life en route to assist in fighting the fire. We are honored to dedicate today’s mission to Ryan and his family,” Laura Maginnis, vice president of custom services at ULA, said in the press release after the launch. “Thank you to all of the men and women who worked to deliver this critical asset for our nation’s security.”  In his honor, ULA technicians painted an inscription on the Atlas V booster, saying, “Friend, Father, and Fallen Hero. Ryan S. Osler, Ventura County Fire Department. 1978-2016,” according to the Vandenberg Air Force Base. While it is unclear what the classified NROL-79 satellite will be doing in space, the NRO says that their satellites provide critical capabilities for American security, communications, navigation, intelligence, and serve as an early warning system of missile launches. They also say the satellites support natural disaster relief, and environmental research for climate change scientists.  ULA's next launch is set for March 8, where they plan to launch the Delta IV WGS-9 satellite for the US Air Force at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President G.O.P. Health Plan Would Sub Mandate With Incentives By ROBERT PEAR and THOMAS KAPLAN The plan would replace the Affordable Care Act with a system of tax credits aimed at enticing Americans to purchase insurance on the open market. In a late change, the plan was also expected to include language that limits credit eligibility for affluent Americans.  Comments How Republicans Will Change the Health Law Travel Ban 2.0: Alterations to Blunt the Legal Challenges By GLENN THRUSH With the removal of Iraq, the new order applies to six predominantly Muslim nations in an effort to improve on the one that was blocked by federal judges.  Comments Where Refugees Come From New Ban, Same Verdict in Middle East: A Slap at Muslims Video by THE NEW YORK TIMES. Photo by Stephen Crowley/The New York Times Jeff Sessions, the attorney general; Rex W. Tillerson, the secretary of state; and John F. Kelly, the secretary of Homeland Security, discussed President Trump’s revised travel ban. Puncturing the Veneer of Presidential Civility By PETER BAKER Never in recent generations has the natural friction between current and past presidents become such a spectacle. A White House-F.B.I. Disconnect on Claims of Tapping By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT The White House continued to press on Mr. Trump’s unfounded assertion and would not say if the president had sought to speak with the F.B.I. or the Justice Department. Can the President Even Order a Wiretap? Trump Asks Planned Parenthood to Stop Abortion Services By MAGGIE HABERMAN The Trump administration offered to preserve federal funding for Planned Parenthood, which does not use that money for the procedure, if it stopped aiding in them. The group declined. Another Woman With Power. Same Sexist Attacks. By SUSAN CHIRA Kellyanne Conway is the latest target, but such attacks often take the same form — angry, sexist language. Misogyny, it seems, is bipartisan.  Comments More in Politics Ben Carson Refers to Slaves as ‘Immigrants’ Sean Spicer Meets the Press. No Cameras Allowed, Again. Trump University Lawsuits May Not Be Closed After All U.S. Missile Defense System Is Deployed to South Korea By GERRY MULLANY and MICHAEL R. GORDON 2:49 AM ET The move comes after North Korea fired four ballistic missiles into the sea, and it has stoked tensions with China, which regards the deployment as an intrusion. Times Insider: North Korea’s Missile Launches Kept Failing Trump Inherits a Secret Cyberwar on North Korean Missiles North Korea Bars Malaysians From Exiting Country By RICHARD C. PADDOCK 1:11 AM ET Malaysia’s leader called the escalation of the Kim Jong-nam dispute an “abhorrent act” and responded in kind, blocking North Koreans from leaving. Justices Step Out of the Debate Over Transgender Rights By ADAM LIPTAK The Supreme Court vacated an appeals court decision in favor of a transgender boy and sent the case back for further consideration after the Trump administration changed the federal government’s position. Jury Secrecy Doesn’t Apply if Marred by Bias, Justices Rule Did the Supreme Court Base a Ruling on a Myth? The Daily 360 1:26 Tour an Art Deco Masterpiece Benjamin Norman for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Support the mission of The Times. Sponsor a student subscription today. Your Tuesday Briefing By JENNIFER JETT 12:38 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Two newly revealed stories about the transition of power from one president to the next: one of warning, the other of accusation. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Smarter Living What to Cook This Week Meatloaf with caramelized cabbage, couscous salad and more for the week ahead. Your Money How You Can Help Refugees in the U.S. By RON LIEBER All of the various ways people can donate money or time to help newly arrived refugees in the United States. Nude Photos Create Unwanted Attention for Marines By DAVE PHILIPPS An all-male, invitation-only Facebook group with more than 30,000 active duty Marines and veterans is being investigated after revelations that it had shared thousands of naked and private photos of Marine Corps women. Racing to Uber and Lyft, Riders Inch Through New York By EMMA G. FITZSIMMONS and WINNIE HU Ride-hailing apps, an existential threat to taxis, are also siphoning passengers from subways and buses, raising concerns over worsening congestion. The Search to Save the Government’s Scientific Data By AMY HARMON The Trump administration has begun changing some government websites. A group of concerned citizens has been working to preserve data it sees as politically vulnerable. Revealing the Blue-Footed Booby’s True Colors By NATALIE ANGIER With no real predators, the birds live proud, public lives. That accessibility has proved a bonanza for scientists, casting light on their mating habits and even why the shade of their feet matters. Snakes, a Life of Crime and Eventually 2 Murder Charges By ALAN FEUER After a troubled life of lawbreaking, Kwauhuru Govan was charged with killing two Brooklyn teenagers more than a decade ago. More News Man Guilty in 2015 Killing of New York Police Officer U.S. Frees Visa-Holding Afghan Family It Detained for 4 Days Turkish Referendum Has Country Trading Barbs With Germany U.S. Strike in Yemen Killed Former Guantánamo Prisoner Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. In ‘The Americans,’ History Feels Less Retro In light of today’s headlines, this Cold War drama on FX feels newly relevant — but also almost comfortingly small-scale, our critic writes. Hype Outpaces Reality in Microbe Research Scientists believe that every person contains as many independent microbial cells as human cells. Research on the microbiome is a hot topic, but it’s not easy. Review: Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Containing two excerpts from her notebooks dating to the 1970s, this book uncannily sheds light on some of the divisions splintering America today. The Opinion Pages Editorial Muslim Ban Lite By revising the ban, the administration has acknowledged it fumbled on a major campaign promise. But the result is still pernicious.  Comments President Trump’s Blinkered Fiscal Vision Op-Ed Columnists Brooks: What Romantic Regime Are You In? 3:21 AM ET Leonhardt: A Public-Health Crisis That We Can Fix 3:21 AM ET Op-Ed Contributor The Hard Truth About Refugees By JAMES TRAUB 3:21 AM ET Refugees bring with them problems that liberals would do well to recognize. Failing to do so opens the political door to right-wing xenophobes.  Comments Students on the Anti-Murray Protests at Middlebury 3:46 AM ET Vietnam ’67: America’s Case of ‘Tonkin Gulfitis’ 3:21 AM ET Join us on Facebook » User Subscriptions Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! A Eureka Moment for Two Times Reporters: North Korea’s Missile Launches Were Failing Too Often Times Insider » Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Never miss a story. Follow the columns you love. Start Following We’ll automatically add new stories to your Reading List. Following Go to your reading list This feature is an experiment. Send Feedback Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Entertainment My 10 Favorite Books: Suzanne Vega Opinion The February Revolution and a Missed Opportunity If democratic leaders had seized the chance to get Russia out of World War I, Lenin, Stalin, even Hitler would have been footnotes in history. N.Y. / Region Next Stop, 1984: Scenes From the Subway Book Review Killing Jesus: Who Was the Real Pontius Pilate? Opinion The Case for a Border-Adjusted Tax Both political parties have good reasons to favor this policy. Times Insider Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! N.Y. / Region In Times Square, Looking for Father Duffy Opinion If We Are Not Just Animals, What Are We? Fashion & Style ‘Big Little Lies’ Actress Shares Her Beauty Truths Family Don’t Beat Yourself Up Over Kids’ Accidents Opinion What if the Court in the Loving Case Had Declared Race a False Idea? It could have altered the national discourse on race decades ago. Music Gehry and Barenboim on Their Berlin Concert Hall Sections World » U.S. Starts Deploying Thaad Antimissile System in South Korea, After North’s Tests North Korea Launch Could Be Test of New Attack Strategy, Japan Analysts Say Turkish Referendum Has Country Trading Barbs With Germany Over Free Speech Business Day » Building Trade Walls House Republicans Unveil Plan to Replace Health Law Sterling Jewelers Suit Casts Light on Wider Policies Hurting Women Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Hard Truth About Refugees Editorials: President Trump’s Muslim Ban Lite David Brooks: What Romantic Regime Are You In? U.S. » A Conspiracy Theory’s Journey From Talk Radio to Trump’s Twitter Repeal of Health Law Faces a New Hurdle: Older Americans Retro Report: Trump and the Battle Over Sanctuary in America Technology » Data Firm Says ‘Secret Sauce’ Aided Trump; Many Scoff Welcome, Airbnb Guest! Your Neighbors Are the Trumps An Artist Helps iTunes’ User Agreement Go Down Easy Arts » Review: ‘The Americans’ History Suddenly Feels Less Retro Books of The Times: Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 Politics » Sessions’s Potential Deputy Faces a Stern Test on Russia Inquiries Trump’s Wiretapping Claims Puncture Veneer of Presidential Civility Rumblings of a ‘Deep State’ Undermining Trump? It Was Once a Foreign Concept Fashion & Style » Fashion Review: The Reality Distortion Field at Céline and Valentino Paris Fashion Week: Paris Fashion Week 2017: Rihanna’s High School Rebellion A Sneak Peek at the Met’s Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons Show Movies » ‘Logan’ Pulls In $85.3 Million as Fox’s Bet Pays Off Erased Onscreen: Where Are All the Interracial Couples? The Unlikely Story Behind a Palestinian Hip-Hop Film From Israel New York » The Downside of Ride-Hailing: More New York City Gridlock Though Divided, Jury Delivers Guilty Verdict in Murder of Police Officer Welcome, Airbnb Guest! Your Neighbors Are the Trumps Sports » New York City Is Recapturing Its College Basketball Heyday On Baseball: Cuba’s Yulieski Gurriel, Loyal to His Homeland, Pays a Price to Follow His Ambition With Mirth and a Mensch, Israel Upsets South Korea in W.B.C. Theater » Now That’s a Play I’d Like to See Review: ‘Frontières Sans Frontières,’ Where Poverty Is Photogenic A Loverly Revival: ‘My Fair Lady’ to Return to Broadway Next Year Science » Basics: On Galápagos, Revealing the Blue-Footed Booby’s True Colors Activists Rush to Save Government Science Data — If They Can Find It The Woolly Mammoth’s Last Stand Obituaries » Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 Thomas Platt, 91, Dies: Fined Air Traffic Controllers $100,000 an Hour Simon Hobday, Offbeat U.S. Senior Open Champion, Dies at 76 Television » Review: ‘The Americans’ History Suddenly Feels Less Retro Snapshot: Alison Wright, Exiled From ‘The Americans’ (Perhaps), Hits Broadway A Buffy Family Tree: ‘Bones’ and Demons and Rabid Fans Health » Personal Health: When a Partner Dies, Grieving the Loss of Sex In Red-State Utah, a Surge Toward Obamacare The Checkup: Accidents Happen, but Parents Still Beat Themselves Up Travel » The Getaway: Renting a Car? Know the Rules of the Road Palm Springs Is Hot. The Old Guard Is Hot Under the Collar. Where I Live: My Bangkok: City of Spirits Books » Books of The Times: Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Casting a Literary Lens on Women and Power Fiction: Is This Mic On?: A Stand-Up Comedian Wrestles With His Country and His Soul Education » Trump’s Call for School Vouchers Is a Return to a Campaign Pledge Kansas Supreme Court Says State Education Spending Is Too Low How a ‘Second Chance’ College Produced the Team to Beat Food » The Pour: Want to Pick Better Bottles? Repeat After Me: Wine Is Food What if You Could Make Great Corned Beef? Bird Flu Outbreak Found at a Tennessee Farm Sunday Review » Moises Velasquez-Manoff: What Biracial People Know Editorial: President Trump’s Island Mentality Frank Bruni: Donald Trump vs. the Food Snobs Real Estate » Voyeur: Voyeur: The Color Red The Fix: Interior Design Risks Worth Taking In Case You Missed It: February’s Top Real Estate Stories The Upshot » Public Health: G.O.P. Repeal Bill Would Cut Funding for Poor and Taxes on Rich The New Health Care: Exciting Microbe Research? Temper That Giddy Feeling in Your Gut Public Health: Obamacare Got Their Goat: An Illustrated Guide to Republicans’ Metaphors Magazine » Feature: How to Steal a River Feature: The Experimentalist on Broadway Feature: Department of Justification Automobiles » Automakers Near a Victory on Rollback of Fuel Standards Video Review: Hyundai’s Near-Luxury Sedan Has It All, Except Prestige Wheels: Building a Road Map for the Self-Driving Car T Magazine » Women’s Fashion Shows: Balenciaga, Céline, Valentino These 6 Emerging Designers Are Redefining Ugly On the Verge: Brand to Know: The Men’s Wear Line Rethinking the Button-Down Shirt Times Insider » A Eureka Moment for Two Times Reporters: North Korea’s Missile Launches Were Failing Too Often Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! The Eyes of San Francisco in a Texas Courtroom: The Sequel Real Estate » Voyeur Voyeur: The Color Red Photographs by GEORGE ETHEREDGE for THE NEW YORK TIMES Finding glimpses of red in unexpected places. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides Gaming Reviews The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Entertainment Reviews Logan Is Beautiful, Sophisticated, And Still A Kick-Arse Superhero Film Doppler Labs Here One Wireless Earbuds: The Gizmodo Review Source Code Perfectly Captures The Claustrophobic Horror Of Surveillance State Science The Great Wall Is A Historical Fantasy Epic That Is Fantastically And Historically Bad Nintendo Switch Review: Plays Zelda Great, Doesn't Do Much Else Alienware 13 Review: Laptop Size Doesn't Have To Matter The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Logan Is Beautiful, Sophisticated, And Still A Kick-Arse Superhero Film Gadgets Using Virtual Reality As Distraction Therapy For Cancer Patients Father John Misty Sang About Oculus Rift Sex On SNL Welcome To Toy Aisle, Our Weekly Round-Up Of The Newest Toys And Collectibles The World's First DLP 4K UHD LED Home Cinema Projector Will Set You Back 10k Mobile '2-In-1's Are Driving Australian Tablet Sales Kogan Just Added An Extra 2GB To Its Heavy Use Mobile Plans Sydney Mardi Gras, As Shot On An iPhone 7 Plus SoleNet And Sure Telecom Banned From Operating In Australia Car Tech 'Night Into Day' Is Ferrari's Stunning Australian Video For The California T Uber's Secret App For Tracking Cops Sounds Creepy As Hell The World's First In-Car GPS Looked Like Something From Fallout The McLaren 720S Will Fulfil Our Wildest Science Fiction Dreams Online FBI Drops All Charges In Child Porn Case To Keep Sketchy Spying Methods Secret How To Delete Your Online Existence, But Save All Your Data  Look Back: Elon Musk And Peter Thiel Spruiking PayPal, 17 Years Ago Yelp Will Now Help Users Find Gender Neutral Bathrooms Science & Health This Year's Best Science Photos Are So Good They're Basically Art All Of That Pollution In Asia Turns Into Smog In The US Coloured Light Makes This Magical Origami Fold Itself One Step At A Time Sex Makes Life Better, Study Says Cameras Epic Wave On Sydney Ferry Captured For Your Waking Nightmares Meet The Australian Finalists In The Sony World Photography Awards Wi-Fi Has Changed The Way Getty Images Takes Photos Timelapse Footage Of Sweating Fingerprints Ready To Smear Your Smartphone Computing Western Digital Is Turning Digital Storage Into A Fashion Statement For True Cyber Security, Using A USB Firewall Is Essential The Top 10 Services Google Killed Off Alienware 13 Review: Laptop Size Doesn't Have To Matter Gaming People Are Already Trying To Fix The Nintendo Switch's Dumb Design Issues Link Has A Goddamn iPhone Horizon Zero Dawn's Thunderjaw, Made From LEGO Nintendo Switch Controllers Work With Everything You Already Own Entertainment The Walking Dead Is Screwing With Us Again Doctor Who Is Bringing Back The Original, Hellishly Creepy Cybermen From The '60s The Sonos Playbase Is The TV Speaker We All Deserve The Wonder Woman Movie Has A Wild New Take On The Origins Of The Amazons Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment The Sonos Playbase Is The TV Speaker We All Deserve Epic Wave On Sydney Ferry Captured For Your Waking Nightmares Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild Is Running On An Emulator Already Here Are All The TV Shows Getting Cancelled In 2017 Richard Branson Announces New Space Company, Tries Pulling A Reverse Musk™ Matt Novak Mar 3, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  reverse musk virgin galactic virgin orbit Share "I hope in five years a reusable rocket will have been developed which can take up to 10 people at a time to stay at the Virgin Hotel for two weeks," Richard Branson proudly announced back in 1999. We're still waiting on Branson's Virgin Galactic to take tourists into space, despite the promises of the past two decades that he would do just that. But Branson has a new idea for the meantime: Why not launch small satellites into space? Called Virgin Orbit, Branson's newest space venture will be led by former Boeing executive Dan Hart. "By offering low cost and frequent service to space, the team is revolutionising the small satellite market within the promising space economy," Branson bragged on his blog. Branson's space strategy, however, is a little odd, so we've come up with a name for it: The Reverse Musk™. How do you pull off a Reverse Musk™? You start with the really hard stuff and then give up and try the more humble projects you should have been working on two decades ago. Elon Musk founded SpaceX in 2002 with bold dreams of eventually propelling humans into space — to Mars and beyond. But Musk realised that you had to start with the more modest stuff. Over the next decade, SpaceX built rockets and sent capsules to the International Space Station, and launched satellites. And all of those things paid off. Musk now talks about how he wants to send space tourists around the moon by the end of 2018. And even though it's a tremendously ambitious goal, some people believe he can do it. Why? Musk started with the "smaller" stuff like launching satellites. Getting humans to the moon and Mars may have been the ultimate goal, but Musk clearly knew that you had to learn to walk before you could run. Branson has always been about the opposite. Yes, he's been developing his own rockets, and spaceships — one that tragically and infamously exploded in 2014, killing a pilot. But he only recently pursued private contracts to do the more modest stuff, like launching satellites into space, that ultimately teaches lessons that you can use for manned space travel. Branson did, however, get the state of New Mexico to pay $US250 ($330) million for a spaceship graveyard. So it's not like he wasn't busy spending other people's money. Just not in a way that benefited very many people. "It has been my longheld dream to open access to space to change the world for good," Branson said in a statement about his new company. "We have been striving to do that by manufacturing vehicles of the future, enabling the small satellite revolution, and preparing commercial space flight for many more humans to reach space and see our home planet." "I'm thrilled that our small satellite launch service has now progressed to the point it merits the formation of its own company, Virgin Orbit, and a new president in Dan with decades of deep experience and success in a broad variety of space programs." Will Virgin Orbit be successful? Hopefully. But it's really something he should have started with back in the 2000s. "Virgin Galactic officials said 100 people already have paid $US200,000 ($264,310) apiece to fly into space," a story from the Associated Press in 2005 promised. "They include actress Victoria Principal, who told the news conference she looked forward to being on the first civilian flight of Virgin Galactic, perhaps as soon as 2008." Like we said, we're still rooting for Branson's The Reverse Musk™, even if he has almost 20 years of failed promises in his wake. Hopefully this one takes off. Do you get it? I said, I hope this one takes off. Like the spaceships. They take off. Comments brettanthony @brettanthony Mar 3, 2017, 5:37pm Tries Pulling A Reverse Musk I dont know about you, but I really hope a "Reverse Musk" is a shithot sexual position. Reply 1 john_c @john_c Mar 3, 2017, 9:58pm I know competition is good for a lot of industries, but imagine if they pooled their resources. Reply 0 Andy Oliphant Guest Mar 4, 2017, 12:36pm There are some articles that instantly lose all credibility with me, and this is one of them. "...one that tragically and infamously exploded in 2014, killing a pilot." I believe the buzz term would be FAKE NEWS! There was never an explosion. A pilot made a deadly error and activated a brake mechanism at unsafe speeds, causing the ship to break apart. There was absolutely nothing wrong with the spacecraft. That's like saying "a car tragically & infamously blew up when it was thrown into reverse while driving 90mph on the freeway." Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now People Are Worried About Dead Pixels On The Nintendo Switch, Nintendo Isn't Rhett Jones 06 Mar 2017 7:00 AM Supplies of Nintendo's latest console, the Switch, are extremely limited at the moment and most people aren't lucky to have one. But some who have managed to get their gamer mitts on the coveted item are finding dead pixels on the screen. Nintendo's solution? Just don't consider it a defect. NBN Report: A Bunch Of Fibre To The Node Areas Are Now Getting To Fibre To The Curb Rae Johnston 06 Mar 2017 9:30 AM A report from ITNews on NBN's construction plan has revealed Fibre to the Node areas are changing to Fibre to the Curb and fixed wireless. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: This Is How You Can Fight Against Hackers Deals: This Is How You Can Sharpen Your Programming Skills Deals: Motion Sensor Lights For Your Toilet Are A Thing Now Deals: Become An App Making Pro With This Android Nougat Training Trending Articles 1 People Are Worried About Dead Pixels On The Nintendo Switch, Nintendo Isn't 2 NBN Report: A Bunch Of Fibre To The Node Areas Are Now Getting To Fibre To The Curb 3 People Are Already Trying To Fix The Nintendo Switch's Dumb Design Issues 4 Epic Wave On Sydney Ferry Captured For Your Waking Nightmares 5 The Walking Dead Is Screwing With Us Again This Year's Best Science Photos Are So Good They're Basically Art All Of That Pollution In Asia Turns Into Smog In The US The Walking Dead Is Screwing With Us Again Doctor Who Is Bringing Back The Original, Hellishly Creepy Cybermen From The '60s Overwatch Players Are Making Custom Sex Role-Play Rooms Now Yip Yip Yip Yip Here's The First Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Live-Action Movie Teaser America Chavez Is Heading To University To Punch People Throughout History The Gentle Respite Of Instagram Why You Shouldn't Work Out On An Empty Stomach The Legal Ways To Cancel Your Gym Membership Briefly: Epic Sydney Waves, Cellulite Hacker, X-Men Explained Former Tory leader William Hague urged Theresa May to call an early election Google is using computer systems based on the human brain to translate an increasing number of languages We just got another sign that Brexit is ending the consumer boom One of the most important but battered areas of Britain's economy is going to finally turn around this year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > FirstTake > First Take (March 6, 2017) You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN First Take (March 6, 2017) Mar 3, 2017 Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 COMMERCIAL AVIATION The first stretched 787-10 is planned to fly this month, following rollout on Feb. 17 at Boeing’s North Charleston, South Carolina, plant. Certification is expected to take a year. On the eve of the rollout, Boeing’s South Carolina workers voted overwhelmingly to reject union membership. Boeing’s first fabrication facility in Europe is to be established in Sheffield, England, where it has had a long relationship with Sheffield University’s ... SUBSCRIBE TO ACCESS THIS ARTICLE "First Take (March 6, 2017)" is part of Aviation Week & Space Technology’s subscription package. Click “subscribe now” below to view your options.     Current Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine subscribers: simply use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access. SUBSCRIBE NOW Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles First Take (Feb. 6, 2017)   First Take (Jan. 23, 2017)   First Take (Feb. 20, 2017)   First Take (Jan. 9, 2017)   First Take (Nov. 21, 2016)   Advertisement Inside the Knowledge Center Access our growing collection of digital resources from thought leaders around the industry. Aug 21, 2016 White Paper Aviation Week 2016 Workforce Study For the past 20 years, Aviation Week has conducted the Workforce Study to answer some basic questions about the aerospace & defense (A&D) industry’s ability to meet ever-changing customer requirements through the innovation, ingenuity and capability of its people....More Oct 7, 2016 Webinar Aviation Week’s 2016 Workforce Study Aviation Week’s 2016 Workforce Study highlights several data points about the aerospace and defense industry and how companies are doing in terms of identifying, hiring and keeping the best talent....More Aug 21, 2016 White Paper Aviation Game Changer: New Technology Aircraft The aviation industry is poised for a period of unprecedented technological change, providing significant opportunities and challenges for airlines and suppliers alike....More Feb 17, 2017 Sponsored AviationWeek.com Why Aviation Is Growing in Fort Lauderdale Greater Fort Lauderdale’s aviation industry is a multibillion-dollar sector, including airlines, airframe and engine manufacturers, component parts suppliers, maintenance repair and overhaul (MRO) facilities, and allied industries such as banking and insurance....More Dec 1, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com The Coming Cabin Renaissance On a business jet, the cabin experience is crucial to the satisfaction of an executive and his or her team. In the past this often meant larger — and more, and higher definition — screens, along with more buttons, bells and whistles....More Knowledge Center Home Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Amazon Web Services makes another deal, acquiring Thinkbox media rendering tech company GeekWire Deals: This Python 3 Bootcamp will jumpstart your coding education Major League Baseball is first to allow the use of a device to collect player biometrics in games Geared Up! The new Xbox Game Pass, and the future of smartphone design Twitch ‘Pulse’ adds Facebook-like social media tool to streaming giant’s front page IBM and Salesforce connect Watson and Einstein in new artificial intelligence alliance Yahoo launches text-based chatbot called Captain to help organize family schedules Dick’s Drive-In lovers crash the Seattle burger joint’s website trying to cast votes for next location ThinkGeek opening another Washington state store with Tacoma Mall location coming this spring Netflix will reportedly launch a choose-your-own-adventure show later this year Expedia to keep satellite office in hometown of Bellevue after departing for Seattle in 2019 IBM plans to deliver ‘industry first’ quantum computers via the cloud NY Knicks nix music and video during game — does NBA basketball look and sound better this way? One giant leap: Jeff Bezos shows off Blue Origin’s shiny new BE-4 rocket engine Seattle Genetics cancer drug clinical trials will go forward after FDA lifts hold Amazon closes cable store that resold packages from Comcast and Frontier Microsoft Azure adds new data analytics, voice and facial recognition to its government cloud Trump’s revised immigration order will suspend travel from six majority Muslim nations but won’t bar visa-holders or Iraqis uZoom raises more cash to grow 1-to-1 live streaming platform with new e-commerce play The spectacular characters and ridiculously awesome cosplay of Emerald City Comicon Amazon explains big AWS outage, says employee error took servers offline, promises changes Amazon Web Services outage reveals critical lack of redundancy across the internet Inside Tableau’s new Seattle HQ: An ode to data visualization, collaboration and landscaped dog art Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Report: Amazon plans to bring Alexa and cloud-based deep learning tools to call centers Amazon quiet on big AWS outage, but an explanation could come soon Update: AWS cloud storage back online after outage cripples popular sites How the tech industry uses H-1B visas and what could change under President Trump Seattle’s population is growing at nearly double the rate of Silicon Valley but it still lags behind as an innovation hub Citing schedule slips, Spaceflight rebooks 89 satellites on SpaceX’s launch list Tech vet revs up The Shop, a club for car lovers with a new Ethan Stowell restaurant under the hood Microsoft’s ‘Azure Stack’ for on-premises servers will use pay-as-you-go cloud pricing model Jeff Bezos and Blue Origin propose ‘Amazon-like’ delivery to the moon in 2020 Watch Uber CEO Travis Kalanick have it out with a driver over the direction of the company Amazon wins 3 Oscars in a first for streaming studio — and Jeff Bezos gets a fun shout-out Startup Spotlight: VendorHawk makes software for the new world of SaaS Microsoft employees donate a record $142M to non-profits, and have a lot of fun along the way Chemotherapy, surgery and David Bowie: How music helps cancer patients heal In new immigration twist, U.S. suspends option to pay for faster H-1B visa processing Startup Spotlight: LevelTen Energy makes it easier for corporations to buy clean power Trending: Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Space & Science Virgin Orbit satellite launch spin-off created with ex-Boeing exec at the helm by Alan Boyle on March 2, 2017 at 4:00 amMarch 2, 2017 at 7:13 am Comments   Share  51 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Buy tickets to the GeekWire Bash here! Tech Moves covers notable hires, promotions and personnel changes in the Pacific NW tech community. Submissions: tips@geekwire.com An artist’s conception shows Virgin Orbit’s carrier airplane, Cosmic Girl, deploying a LauncherOne rocket for a high-altitude orbital launch. (Virgin Galactic Illustration) Virgin Galactic says it’s spinning off its satellite launch operation, including the LauncherOne rocket development program, as a new commercial space company called Virgin Orbit. The newly created company’s first president, Dan Hart, comes to the job from the Boeing Co., where he most recently served as vice president of government satellite systems. “I’m thrilled that our small-satellite launch service has now progressed to the point it merits the formation of its own company, Virgin Orbit, and a new president in Dan with decades of deep experience and success in a broad variety of space programs,” Virgin Group founder Richard Branson said today in a news release. Virgin Group now has three companies in its commercial space portfolio, which is known as Galactic Ventures: Virgin Galactic, which focuses on human spaceflight services. It’s based in Mojave, Calif., for flight testing, and aims to conduct commercial space tours out of Spaceport America in New Mexico. The Spaceship Company, which is headquartered in Mojave and focuses on the design, manufacture and testing of aerospace vehicles such as SpaceShipTwo and its twin-fuselage White Knight Two carrier airplane. Virgin Orbit, which focuses on the small-satellite launch services that will be provided by LauncherOne and its Cosmic Girl carrier airplane, a modified Boeing 747 jet. Virgin Orbit is headquartered in a 180,000-square-foot manufacturing facility in Long Beach, Calif., where more than 200 employees are working on LauncherOne and Cosmic Girl. Test launches could start as early as this year, and the company already has a substantial waiting list for orbital launches. Dan Hart. (Virgin Orbit Photo) Hart said he was thrilled to be joining the Virgin team. “In 34 years at Boeing, I’ve had the honor to work on some of the most iconic and successful space programs in history, including the space shuttle, the Delta launch program and satellite systems that have connected the world and protected our nation,” he said in a statement. Heading Virgin Orbit will be the “perfect next challenge,” Hart said. Hart joins a team that also includes Virgin Galactic President Mike Moses, a former NASA shuttle launch manager; The Spaceship Company’s chairman, Doug Shane, who’s a veteran of the SpaceShipOne development program at Scaled Composites; and Enrico Palermo, who has just been named The Spaceship Company’s executive vice president and general manager. Galactic Ventures’ CEO, George T. Whitesides, said the updated organizational structure “positions each Virgin space company to achieve its full potential while remaining true to our shared purpose of opening space to all.” Galactic Ventures is majority-owned by Virgin Group – but Aabar Investments PJS, a venture firm based in Abu Dhabi, holds a minority stake. The Virgin Orbit team gathers at its facility in Long Beach, Calif. (Virgin Orbit Photo) Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Tickets are now on sale for our biggest event of the year: The GeekWire 6th Anniversary Bash on March 15th. The GeekWire Bash has it all: ping-pong, dodgeball, foosball, beer pong, video games, arcades, tricycle races, sumo wrestling, drinks, table top games, massages, a beer dispensing robot, cornhole and MORE. Get your tickets today for Seattle’s biggest, geekiest tech party! Comments Share  51 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Previous StoryAmazon quiet on big AWS outage, but an explanation could come soon Next StoryAmazon Web Services cloud migration service 2nd Watch raises $19M Filed Under: Space • Tech Moves  Tagged With: commercial space • LauncherOne • Satellite • Virgin Galactic • Virgin Orbit GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Virgin Galactic gets a 747 jet to serve as flying launch pad for its LauncherOne rocket After a rough 16 months, SpaceShipTwo rollout generates positive vibrations Virgin Galactic receives FAA license to fly SpaceShipTwo – and it’s taxiing on runway Billionaire Space Club pits Elon Musk vs. Jeff Bezos vs. Richard Branson vs. Paul Allen and more Previous StoryAmazon quiet on big AWS outage, but an explanation could come soon Next StoryAmazon Web Services cloud migration service 2nd Watch raises $19M Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: This Python 3 Bootcamp will jumpstart your coding education GeekWire Deals: Finally, watch Netflix, Hulu, HBO, and more—offline—with PlayOn Most Popular on GeekWire Amazon explains big AWS outage, says employee error took servers offline, promises changes Amazon Web Services outage reveals critical lack of redundancy across the internet Inside Tableau’s new Seattle HQ: An ode to data visualization, collaboration and landscaped dog art Analysis: Rethinking cloud architecture after the outage of Amazon Web Services Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Senior Mobile EngineerDistiller Software Engineer – ToolsOfferUp E-commerce ManagerPacific Market International (PMI) × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More ERP Financials: Insight into Bridging Business & Technology Read More MicroSynbiotiX wins Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More ERP Financials: Insight into Bridging Business & Technology Read More MicroSynbiotiX wins Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session March 13th Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 26° Cloudy High: 37° | Low: 34° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Politics Local & State Politics More in Politics Politics Capitol Ticker Blog Sports More in Sports High School Sports Red Sox Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins College Portland Pirates Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community More in Community Celebrations Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Lifestyle Source Source Awards Books Things to Do Sudoku Crossword MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Nation & World Posted March 3 Updated March 3 increase font size Despite Trump’s claims, U.S. steel won’t be required in Keystone pipeline The president has said repeatedly that he has forced pipeline builders to commit to using only American-made pipe. By Justin SinkTribune News Service Share Comment Read Article WASHINGTON — The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles from Alberta through three states – Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska – before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced in the United States. The rest was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a meeting Feb. 23 with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, and for Energy Transfer Partners LP’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy – meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel – but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a news conference Feb. 16, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen,” administration officials “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. He repeated the claim a day later, during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” Trump said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good – add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Trump told a similar story later that weekend, at a rally Feb. 18 in Melbourne, Fla. Noting that he had moved to “begin the construction” of the Keystone and Dakota projects, Trump said that as he was about to sign the order, he asked who would be manufacturing the pipe. “Something this audience understands very well, right?” Trump said. “Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said, not anymore. So I put a little clause on the bottom: The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we’re going to have pipelines.” A White House official who would discuss the pipeline issue only on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department is working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration can’t implement it until that effort is complete. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired or expanded pipeline. Asked about the issue, TransCanada issued a statement saying it continues “to be encouraged as our presidential permit application makes its way through the approval process.” “This project will support U.S. energy security, create thousands of well-paying U.S. jobs and provide substantial economic benefits,” the company said. Canada’s U.S. ambassador, David MacNaughton, said Friday in an interview that negotiations on Keystone’s route are going “extremely well” with federal authorities and “I don’t see any big hurdles” from the Trump administration. He called the outlook for the project “very positive.” Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Our View: Houses provide a new approach to assisted living View from Away: Tax-reform plan a gamble Future not bright for health care Poet's words inform immigration debate Support Maine bill to protect assault victims Collins, King seek evidence of Trump’s wiretapping claims Police: Former Winslow state representative found safe after reported missing Kennebec court security officer put on leave after sending prosecutor cellphone photo of defense attorney's notes Hein found not guilty in Kennebec River Rail Trail puppy-kicking case Big crowd turns out for Angus King event on Supreme Court nominee Richmond man charged with manslaughter in father's death Kennebec court security officer put on leave after sending prosecutor cellphone photo of defense attorney's notes Skowhegan firefighters honored for saving Waterville responder during apartment blaze New Fairfield police dog held at shelter after bite incident involving baby Massive fire partially destroys section of Madison apartment house Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Science jeff bezos blue origin Jeff Bezos wants to set up Amazon on the moon By William Gayde on Mar 4, 2017, 9:30 AM 15 comments TechSpot We haven't been to the moon in a long time, but NASA is eager to return. The Trump administration is also expected to be supportive of new endeavors in the hopes of rallying the nation like the Apollo Program did. SpaceX has been the king of private space travel lately, but Jeff Bezos and his company Blue Origin have some bold plans for NASA. In an interview with The Washington Post, the Amazon CEO described his company's interest with the moon. Bezos asked NASA to back an "Amazon-like shipment service for the moon that would deliver gear for experiments, cargo and habitats by mid-2020, helping to enable future human settlement of the moon." The announcement comes just a few days after SpaceX announced it would also be returning to the moon, albeit just a fly-around. With much of NASA's focus on Mars and beyond, lunar missions haven't been a priority for decades. Obama scrapped plans back in 2010, but that hasn't stopped the private space industry. Others like Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and Bigelow Aerospace have been hard at work on various habitats and transportation systems for a future trip to the moon. Bezos has chosen the moon's Shakleton Crater for its plentiful sun exposure and water ice. The Post has called the moon a "massive gas station in space," something future long distance missions can take advantage of. The spacecraft, dubbed Blue Moon, will be able to carry up to 10,000 pounds of cargo and is compatible with a large variety of launch vehicles. It won't carry astronauts, but will be used to keep them supplied with food, tools, and other necessary equipment. Blue Origin views their Blue Moon as being useful for "cost-effective delivery of mass to the surface of the moon. Any credible first lunar settlement will require that capability." 15 comments 110 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Blue Origin shows off its first fully assembled rocket engine NASA discovers seven Earth-like planets, some in habitable zone, just 40 light-years away SpaceX has plans to launch 27 rockets in 2017 amid safety concerns Popular 52 comments Nintendo says dead pixels on the Switch are "normal" and not a defect 75 comments AMD Ryzen Gaming Performance In-Depth: 16 Games Played at 1080p & 1440p Load Comments 15 ... User Comments: 15 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 15 Jeff Bezos wants to set up Amazon on the moon 7 Microsoft gives more details on how Windows 10's "Game Mode" will work 15 Obama's planning a coup: Google Home is sharing fake news stories 52 Nintendo says dead pixels on the Switch are "normal" and not a defect 79 GeForce GTX 1080 Ti arrives this week, let's unbox it ahead of the actual review Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Future of hydrogen tech clouded by Hindenburg fear Changing perceptions of safety surrounding hydrogen is a big hurdle for Toyota and Royal Dutch Shell. The Toyota Mirai's tank holds five kilograms of hydrogen.  (Geert Vanden Wijngaert / The Associated Press file photo)   By Jessica ShanklemanBloomberg Sat., March 4, 2017 LONDON—Taxi driver Theo Ellis, the first person in Europe to drive Toyota Motor’s hydrogen-powered Mirai sedan for business, loves telling passengers about the technology that emits nothing but water. They ask him about its costs, greenness and the majority inquire about safety. To his passengers, the word “hydrogen” evokes memories of the Hindenburg, the airship that was destroyed in half a minute when it caught fire in 1937, or the H-bomb, a successor to what the U.S. dropped on Japan to end the Second World War. “That will put people off,” Ellis, who drives for London-based Green Tomato Cars, said in an interview. “A lot of people mention that. As soon as you mention hydrogen, it’s the first thing on their mind.” Read More:Will hydrogen-powered fuel-celled cars make their mark? It’s those perceptions that represent one of the biggest hurdles for Toyota and Royal Dutch Shell as they seek to make hydrogen fuel cells a commercial alternative to gasoline-powered cars around the globe. The Japanese automaker and the European oil producer are among the most prominent advocates of the technology, which they see as safer and less polluting than the fossil fuels that cause global warming. Article Continued Below Use of the lightest element has come a long way since the Hindenburg disaster in New Jersey killed 36 people and was immortalized on the front cover of Led Zeppelin’s 1969 debut album. Fuel cells have been used safely for generations, most famously in the U.S. space program. The cells set up a chemical reaction between the fuel and oxygen in the air, making an electric charge and leaving behind water vapour. There’s plenty of differences between the Hindenburg and the Mirai, starting with the durability of the storage tank. In the ill-fated airship, hydrogen gas was contained in giant bags made of coated cotton. Toyota’s tank is made of carbon and glass fibres and lined with plastic. If gas leaked, sensors would detect it and shut down the car. Shell reckons that in a crash, hydrogen is likely to evaporate while gasoline risks forming a puddle that’s easy to ignite. People who work with fuel cells say comparisons with the Hindenburg aren’t fair. Eighty years after the 245-metre German airship exploded and plunged to the ground, the exact cause remains a mystery. “The fire and explosion at Hindenburg was nothing to do with hydrogen, and that is the mindset you’ve got to change with people,” said Jon Hunt, who is in charge of commercialization of hydrogen fuel-cell vehicles for Toyota GB Plc. In the airship disaster, “there were a number of things, including materials used and operational practice, that would be totally mitigated by normal, good practice now.” His hope is that people will trust the technology to keep them safe just as they do with mobile phones. People continue to carry lithium-ion powered handsets even after Samsung Electronic Co.’s Note 7 smartphones caught fire last year and Boeing Co. planes had fires started by battery units. Fuel cells are starting to take hold — and not just in cars. In Japan, companies including Panasonic Corp. are selling thousands of fuel cells to power individual homes. U.S. listed companies such as FuelCell Energy Inc., Plug Power Inc. and Ballard Power Systems Inc. are putting them into fork lifts and commercial power generators. Automakers including General Motors Corp. and Volkswagen AG have joined Toyota in designing fuel-cell cars. About 2,800 Mirais were sold worldwide in the last year. Shell’s first hydrogen pump in the U.K. opened at a filling station outside London on Feb. 22. Fuel is made on-site in a unit supplied by ITM Power Plc, which passes live wires through water to extract hydrogen. Shell chief executive Ben Van Beurden expects the fuel to drive trains, planes and trucks in the future. Trucks are a big potential market, since the batteries they’d need to move by electricity would be too heavy. While electricity is notoriously difficult to store, hydrogen gas is easily kept in a tank and transported anywhere in the world, the executive notes. To demonstrate this, Shell plans to bring a tanker full of liquid hydrogen to Tokyo in time for the Olympic Games in 2020. The city is spending 45.2 billion yen on fuel-cell subsidies, hoping to deploy 100 buses using the technology at the games. “The beauty of hydrogen is that it can be made from so many feedstocks,” said Claire Curry, Bloomberg New Energy Finance analyst in New York. The reality of hydrogen fuel-cell vehicles is that it is still an early-stage technology, dependent on government support to spur the refuelling network needed. Shell’s most optimistic scenario is to be supplying hundreds of tons of hydrogen to the cars by 2030, says Matthew Tipper, vice president of New Fuels. The Mirai tank holds five kilograms of hydrogen, which gives it a range of about 550 kilometres. “The acid test is how many more fuelling stations they put in,” said Julia Thomas, managing director of Green Tomato Cars, which has used two Mirais for about 18 months as part of its plan to run a zero-emission fleet. Read more about: United States Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 7°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Toronto’s Real Housewives are rich, but are they mean enough?: review Homegrown reality TV stars adhere to franchise formula by showing off their riches and attending endless parties. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live RADAR: Severe Thunderstorms Hitting the Central US Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Skiers hit the slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Bald eagle tends to her eaglette in Fort Myers, Fla. Live look at the beach surf from Cape May, NJ Old Faithful geyser in Yellowstone National Park Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. from Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Natalie Portman missed Oscars due to birth of baby girl More ABC News' Diane Macedo reports the buzziest stories of the day in "GMA" Pop News. 3:35 | 03/04/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Natalie Portman missed Oscars due to birth of baby girl brought to you by wayfair.com. A zillion things home. And it's time for "Pop news" as promised. Time for you, Diane. Natalie portman told the world last weekend she couldn't attend the oscars due to the late stage of her pregnancy. Well, it turns out that late stage was a birth. The actress and her husband Benjamin millepied just announced they welcomed a baby girl four days before the awards. Little Amalia joins aleph who is 5 now, believe it or not. Wow. And the couple met while working on "Black swan." He was a choreographer for the movie and you might remember port man won for best actress for that film while she was pregnant with her son. Now she gets nominated while pregnant with her daughter. I'm wondering if they're some kind of good luck charm in maybe they are. Nominees are in for the radio Disney newsic awards. Justin Bieber nominated for five awards including best artist, Megan Trainor and Selena mow guess grabbed four tying her with the host of the show Ballerini. Cast your vote through the radio Disney app. Lots of options. You can also watch the show, 2017 Disney music awards on Sunday, April 30th at 7:00 eastern on the Disney channel. Ron is tearing up his -- Now to a "Pop news" investigation. What you might have noticed queen Elizabeth is rarely seen without her trusty handbag. It's not just an accessory but part of a secret code, royal historians tell "People" magazine if the queen moves her bag from one hand to the other that's I sign she wants to move on from a conversation. Another secret gesture she twists her wedding ring if she wants to leave a discussion as soon as possible and whenever the queen places her bag on a table that is a five-minute warning to her ladies in waiting that she's getting ready to leave. I thought you were going to say the nuclear codes. No. This is way more interesting. Nothing that consequential. I like having ladies in waiting. I'm going to be ready to go, ladies. Move your "Good morning America" cup and that will signal that you're ready to go. See a little code. See if viewers keep track. Paula's code is much less Tuttle. My code is pretty overt. Gets up and leaves. Yep. Father in Washington state should be claiming dibs on dad of the year after building this for his 3-year-old son in his own backyard. Wow. Look at that. Scott frazierton says he was going to build a tree house but when his son fell in love with a roller coaster he said the whole thing was a no-brainer. The Navy pilot went ahead, he sawed out a Boeing engineer who was published several books on how to build a roller coaster in your backyard. Didn't know that was a thing and needless to say it was a huge hit with his son Wyatt. That's incredible. I have a 2-year-old and like I feel like I'm a good daddy when I make him eggs and -- Make a roller coaster. Never thought about building a roller coaster. Never crossed my mind. You know, every parent will begrudge you for showing that because we're all going to -- I know. I'll go home and my kids will say build me a roller coaster. What have you done for me lately. About 1300 bucks. It took three months, three months of quality time with his son because they kind of built it together. Really? Paid attention while he was building. He helped daddy build it? We all know if we ask for a pony we weren't thinking big enough. Think big, kids. See you back here tomorrow morning. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Bill Paxton's death certificate reveals heart defect Now Playing: David Letterman calls President Donald Trump 'ignorant' Now Playing: 5-year-old girl headed to national spelling bee Now Playing: 'The Bachelor: Women Tell All' sneak peek Now Playing: Amy Schumer dishes on her Netflix special, gets surprise from Bachelor Nick Viall Now Playing: Adele finally confirms she's married Now Playing: Prince Michael Jackson opens up about life after father's death Now Playing: Local journalist throws up during proposal to girlfriend midair Now Playing: This Week Fast Forward 03.05.2017 Now Playing: One Direction's Louis Tomlinson arrested after altercation with paparazzi Now Playing: Arnold Schwarzenegger done with 'The Celebrity Apprentice' Now Playing: Natalie Portman missed Oscars due to birth of baby girl Now Playing: Oscar nominee Casey Affleck talks about his role in 'Manchester by the Sea' Now Playing: Allison Williams channels her inner Julie Andrews and sings 'My Favorite Things' Now Playing: Allison Williams on what moviegoers might learn from 'Get Out' Now Playing: Jimmy Buffett-inspired Margaritaville retirement community coming soon Now Playing: Clean Bandit performs their hit 'Rather Be' in Times Square Now Playing: Tom Hanks sent new espresso machine to White House press corps Now Playing: Clean Bandit performs their hit 'Rockabye' featuring Sean Paul and Anne-Marie live on 'GMA' Now Playing: Freddie Stroma and Josh Bowman dish on 'Time After Time' live on 'GMA' Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":45906089,"title":"Natalie Portman missed Oscars due to birth of baby girl","duration":"3:35","description":"ABC News' Diane Macedo reports the buzziest stories of the day in \"GMA\" Pop News.","url":"/GMA/video/natalie-portman-missed-oscars-due-birth-baby-girl-45906089","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store March 7, 2017 4:27 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement Despite Trump’s pledge, no re­quire­ment for using U.S. steel in Key­stone pipe­line March 3, 2017 11:20 PM By Justin Sink / Bloomberg News WASHINGTON — The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Donald Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as it moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles from Alberta through Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska before connecting to a network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced inside of the United States. The remainder of the steel was expected to be imported. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Mr. Trump’s public comments. He has boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a Feb. 23 meeting with manufacturing CEOs, Mr. Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, as well as Energy Transfer Partners LP’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Mr. Trump told Mr. Longhi. “But they have to buy — meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel — but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a Feb. 16 news conference, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen,” the administration would “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. He repeated the claim a day later during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina, and again later that weekend at a Feb. 18 rally in Melbourne, Fla. A White House official who would only discuss the issue on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department was working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration couldn’t implement it until that effort had completed. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired, or expanded pipeline. Energy Transfer Partners LP - United States Steel Corp - Donald Trump - Mario Barrett - Mario Longhi - Dakota Access Pipeline - United States - North America - Keystone Pipeline - Canada Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 30° Cloudy High: 39° | Low: 37° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Nation & World Posted March 3 Updated March 3 increase font size Despite Trump’s claims, U.S. steel won’t be required in Keystone pipeline The president has said repeatedly that he has forced pipeline builders to commit to using only American-made pipe. By Justin SinkTribune News Service Share Comment Read Article WASHINGTON — The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles from Alberta through three states – Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska – before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced in the United States. The rest was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a meeting Feb. 23 with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, and for Energy Transfer Partners LP’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy – meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel – but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a news conference Feb. 16, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen,” administration officials “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. He repeated the claim a day later, during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” Trump said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good – add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Trump told a similar story later that weekend, at a rally Feb. 18 in Melbourne, Fla. Noting that he had moved to “begin the construction” of the Keystone and Dakota projects, Trump said that as he was about to sign the order, he asked who would be manufacturing the pipe. “Something this audience understands very well, right?” Trump said. “Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said, not anymore. So I put a little clause on the bottom: The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we’re going to have pipelines.” A White House official who would discuss the pipeline issue only on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department is working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration can’t implement it until that effort is complete. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired or expanded pipeline. Asked about the issue, TransCanada issued a statement saying it continues “to be encouraged as our presidential permit application makes its way through the approval process.” “This project will support U.S. energy security, create thousands of well-paying U.S. jobs and provide substantial economic benefits,” the company said. Canada’s U.S. ambassador, David MacNaughton, said Friday in an interview that negotiations on Keystone’s route are going “extremely well” with federal authorities and “I don’t see any big hurdles” from the Trump administration. He called the outlook for the project “very positive.” Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Commentary: NASCAR needs a shot of excitement NHL roundup: Dallas wins against Washington again Sea turtle given coins, eats them, nearly dies NBA roundup: Bogut breaks leg in first minute of debut with Cavaliers Sports Digest: Red Claws fall behind early, lose to Windy City To Portland panhandlers, program may offer welcome change: Jobs Sugarloaf employee dies in fall while prepping mogul ski course Three Long Creek inmates captured after escape from camp outing Former Winslow lawmaker found safe after being reported missing Big crowd turns out for Angus King event on Supreme Court nominee To Portland panhandlers, program may offer welcome change: Jobs For Maine's Sen. Susan Collins, meatloaf serves as political metaphor LePage's stay and activities in Washington fuel speculation about post in Trump administration Alan Caron: America is suffering from a dangerous knowledge deficit Accidental overdoses of fentanyl killed former Old Orchard Beach councilor, Saco woman BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Snapchat IPO CERAWeek SXSW Trader Talk CNBC Disruptor 50 Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer's lightning round: Wait for hot money to flow out of AMD Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 7:26 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES It's that time again! Jim Cramer rang the lightning round bell, which means he gave his take on caller favorite stocks at rapid speed: Chicago Bridge & Iron: "I think it's OK. Fluor, CBI, these are inconsistent companies. You're not going to get me to really bite on these. We like that MasTec, we thought that interesting as a better play. Emcor, too." Mobileye: "Way too inconsistent. I don't want retirement money in that stock. No way. No how." Horizon Pharma: "I don't care for Horizon Pharma. Specialty pharma is not my cup of tea. I'm going to have to say take it off the table." Advanced Micro Devices: "You have to wait for all the hot money to come out. All the hot money was in it for that chip that came out and the reviews were just OK. Let the stock go down to $12.25 and then pull the trigger." Boeing: "It wouldn't be so bad to take half off the table. That thing has been too much of a horse, and I like Boeing a great deal." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change CBI --- Cramer's New Book
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Keystone pipeline won’t use U.S. steel despite… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Jail for mental-health holds Aurora child sex trafficker Ashley Mead murder case Bad Airbnb host Mother and child reunion A night of survival Politics Trump Administration Keystone pipeline won’t use U.S. steel despite Trump pledge Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Andrew Caballero-Reynolds, Getty Images Demonstrators celebrate in front of the White House after President Obama announced his rejection of the Keystone XL oil pipeline. By Bloomberg News March 3, 2017 at 7:38 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Dobby the baby giraffe comes out of Denver Zoo’s giraffe house for first time Broncos seeking a difference-maker tight end, a bevy of athletic draft prospects make their case Why free-agent guard Kevin Zeitler will “break the bank,” where DeMarcus Ware may land, more Republicans in Maine, Utah want Trump to undo national monuments Fact check: Trump’s evidence for Obama wiretap claims relies on sketchy, anonymously sourced reports Colorado constituents vs. a cardboard cutout of Sen. Cory Gardner (6 letters) By Justin Sink, Andrew Mayeda and Josh Wingrove, Bloomberg The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Donald Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles (1,897 kilometers) from Alberta through three states — Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska — before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced inside of the United States. The remainder of the steel was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a Feb. 23 meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, as well as Energy Transfer Partners’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy — meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel — but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a Feb. 16 press conference, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen” the administration “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. “Even this order was drawn and they didn’t say that. And I’m reading the order, I’m saying, why aren’t we using American steel? And they said, that’s a good idea. We put it in.” He repeated the claim a day later during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” Trump said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good — add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Related Articles June 28, 2016 TransCanada seeks $15 billion for rejection of Keystone pipeline March 3, 2015 In light of oil train wrecks, wouldn’t Keystone pipeline be safer? February 11, 2015 Congress sends Keystone pipeline bill to Obama, setting up veto January 29, 2015 Senate passage of Keystone pipeline bill sets up showdown with Obama Trump told a similar story later that weekend at a Feb. 18 rally in Melbourne, Florida. Noting that he had had moved to “begin the construction” of the Keystone and Dakota projects, Trump said that as he was about to sign the order, he asked who would be manufacturing the pipe. “Something this audience understands very well, right?” Trump said. “Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said, not anymore. So I put a little clause on the bottom: The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we’re going to have pipelines.” A White House official who would only discuss the pipeline issue on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department was working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration couldn’t implement it until that effort had completed. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is currently under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired, or expanded pipeline. Asked about the issue, TransCanada issued a statement saying it continued “to be encouraged as our Presidential Permit application makes its way through the approval process.” “This project will support U.S. energy security, create thousands of well-paying U.S. jobs and provide substantial economic benefits,” the company said. Canada’s U.S. ambassador, David MacNaughton, said Friday in an interview that negotiations on Keystone’s route are going “extremely well” with federal authorities and “I don’t see any big hurdles” from the Trump administration. He called the outlook for the project “very positive.” Tags:  Donald Trump Keystone XL pipeline Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Trump Administration Small Florida airport will remain closed during Trump visits March 06, 2017, 11:18 pm The businesses at a small Florida airport that the Secret Service orders closed each time President Donald Trump visits his Mar-a-Lago resort won’t get any concessions. Fact Check: Trump praises Exxon and himself for 2013 plan March 06, 2017, 11:00 pm President Donald Trump is again citing corporate investments planned before he took office as evidence that his policies are growing jobs and business. Poll: Americans divided on admitting refugees March 06, 2017, 10:29 pm Where immigrants are concerned, James Wright is OK with people who are here legally, as well as illegally — if they haven’t committed crimes. But turn the talk specifically to the risks and benefits of admitting refugees to the U.S., and the New Jersey resident gives a fraught sigh. Russian hackers said to seek hush money from liberal U.S. groups March 06, 2017, 10:02 pm Russian hackers are targeting U.S. progressive groups in a new wave of attacks, scouring the organizations’ emails for embarrassing details and attempting to extract hush money, according to two people familiar with probes being conducted by the FBI and private security firms. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent North Linn finally gets a close game, handles it well Iowa’s Medicaid insurers each post more than $100 million in losses in first year Four tenants signed for former Sears space at Coral Ridge Camanche ends Cascade’s season, 58-48, in Class 2A quarterfinals Kendu Petties found guilty of first-degree murder All-state girls' basketball: Honor leaves Xavier's Lexi Noonan 'in shock' Iowa Senate OKs trespass protections Camanche ends Cascade’s season, 58-48, in Class 2A quarterfinals Boys' state basketball tournament: Tuesday's capsules Unwanted items at Iowa universities find new lives around the globe Despite Trump pledge, no requirement for U.S. steel in Keystone Video Photo FILE PHOTO - A depot used to store pipes for Transcanada Corp’s planned Keystone XL oil pipeline is seen in Gascoyne, North Dakota, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Terray Sylvester/File Photo By Justin Sink, Bloomberg Mar 3, 2017 at 8:04 pm | Print View The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Donald Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles (1,897 kilometers) from Alberta through three states -- Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska -- before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced inside of the United States. The remainder of the steel was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a Feb. 23 meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, as well as Energy Transfer Partners’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy -- meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel -- but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a Feb. 16 press conference, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen” the administration “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. “Even this order was drawn and they didn’t say that. And I’m reading the order, I’m saying, why aren’t we using American steel? And they said, that’s a good idea. We put it in.” He repeated the claim a day later during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” Trump said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good -- add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Trump told a similar story later that weekend at a Feb. 18 rally in Melbourne, Florida. Noting that he had had moved to “begin the construction” of the Keystone and Dakota projects, Trump said that as he was about to sign the order, he asked who would be manufacturing the pipe. “Something this audience understands very well, right?” Trump said. “Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said, not anymore. So I put a little clause on the bottom: The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we’re going to have pipelines.” A White House official who would only discuss the pipeline issue on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department was working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration couldn’t implement it until that effort had completed. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is currently under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired, or expanded pipeline. Asked about the issue, TransCanada issued a statement saying it continued “to be encouraged as our Presidential Permit application makes its way through the approval process.” “This project will support U.S. energy security, create thousands of well-paying U.S. jobs and provide substantial economic benefits,” the company said. Canada’s U.S. ambassador, David MacNaughton, said Friday in an interview that negotiations on Keystone’s route are going “extremely well” with federal authorities and “I don’t see any big hurdles” from the Trump administration. He called the outlook for the project “very positive.” --- Bloomberg’s Andrew Mayeda and Josh Wingrove contributed. Your next Nation & World articles New executive order bans travelers from ... Can latest version of travel ban survive ... Republicans poised to roll back worker s ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Why choose to go to the moon? Trump changes commercial space calculations Alan Boyle GeekWireMarch 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share An artist’s conception shows Bigelow Aerospace’s lunar depot in orbit. (Bigelow Aerospace)More Nearly 55 years ago, President John F. Kennedy said America chose to go to the moon and take on other challenges “not because they are easy, but because they are hard.” Now it’s commercial space ventures that are choosing to go to the moon. Back in the 1960s, the moon effort was aimed at demonstrating America’s greatness. A similar motivation is at work this time around: to demonstrate that President Donald Trump is making America great again. Trump has given nods to the space effort in his two big speeches: In his inauguration address, he said America was “ready to unlock the mysteries of space.” And in his address to this week’s joint session of Congress, he said seeing American footprints on distant worlds was “not too big a dream.” So far, however, specifics have been in short supply – no doubt because Trump has other priorities on his mind right now, and because a new administrator for NASA hasn’t yet been named. That has left commercial players such as Blue Origin, SpaceX and Bigelow Aerospace free to fill in the gaps, adapting their goals in space to fit a first-term time frame. This week, the billionaire founder of Blue Origin and Amazon, Jeff Bezos, acknowledged that he’s “hoping to partner with NASA on a program called ‘Blue Moon,’ where we would provide a cargo delivery service to the surface of the moon, with the intent over time of building a permanently inhabited human settlement on the moon.” “It’s time for America to go back to the moon – and this time, to stay,” Bezos said Thursday night at an Aviation Week award ceremony. “We can do it. It’s a difficult but worthy objective.” Bezos’ ambition to start lunar deliveries in 2020 ups the ante for NASA as well as other commercial players. SpaceX founder Elon Musk, one of Bezos’ most outspoken rivals in the space business, has a plan to send private customers on a trip beyond the moon and back. Another billionaire, Robert Bigelow, says his aerospace company and its partners could put a space station and fuel depot in lunar orbit. If initiated soon, a lunar depot could be in operation by the end of 2020. pic.twitter.com/dI5s3Gvf5i — Robert Bigelow (@RobertTBigelow) March 1, 2017 Boeing, Lockheed Martin and United Launch Alliance have similar plans on the books for putting outposts in lunar orbit. And five teams chasing after the Google Lunar X Prize are aiming to start landing probes on the moon by the end of this year, potentially beating Bezos to the punch. In a statement emailed to GeekWire today, NASA was supportive of such efforts without mentioning Blue Origin or any other company by name: “This is an exciting time for space exploration as a number of private companies are expressing interest in providing cargo and human spaceflight services. For more than a decade, NASA has been investing in private industry to foster what was then a fledgling enterprise. Today, private companies are providing cargo services to the International Space Station and will soon return the launch of astronauts to U.S. soil. These emerging service providers will allow NASA the flexibility to develop spacecraft and systems needed for a sustained human presence deeper into space, to the moon, and on to Mars and other distant worlds. Moving human presence deeper into space will require the best of NASA and the private sector.” NASA’s statement makes nary a mention of the space exploration goal that was set by the Obama administration in 2010: visiting a near-Earth asteroid, or at least striking off a chunk of an asteroid for study. That omission, along with references to the moon, Mars “and other distant worlds,” might suggest that the space agency is already anticipating a shift in its exploration agenda. Much has been made of the “billionaire space club” rivalry, but a bigger rivalry seems to be shaping up between players like Bezos and Musk on one side, who say they’re willing to share the financial burden of deep-space missions because of their personal convictions, and more traditional players like Boeing and Lockheed Martin on the other side. A key focus for the rivalry will be NASA’s own deep-space exploration program and the development efforts for the Orion crew vehicle (led by Lockheed Martin) and the heavy-lift Space Launch System (led by Boeing). Right now, NASA is considering upgrading the first test flight of the Space Launch System, also known as SLS, to carry astronauts beyond the moon and back. Read More Once his team settles in at NASA, will Trump take aim at Orion and SLS, as he took aim at the F-35 fighter jet program and the next-generation Air Force One? Might there be a “New Space” vs. “OId Space” competition, as suggested in one of the Trump transition documents? Perhaps the biggest question looming over commercial lunar missions is the same one Kennedy raised in 1962: Why the moon? Why choose this as our goal? This year marks not only the 55th anniversary of Kennedy’s “We Choose to Go to the Moon” speech, but also the 60th anniversary of the Sputnik launch and the start of the Space Age. For Sputnik’s 50th anniversary, I laid out “five E’s” that serve as justifications for the space effort: exploration, entertainment, energy, empire building and extinction avoidance. Different players have different motivations: For NASA, it’s mostly about science and exploration. For Musk, it’s about making humanity a multiplanet species and thus avoiding extinction. For Bezos, it’s about the long-term energy payoff provided by space solar power. For Trump and his aides, however, the motivation appears to be more in the Cold War mode: making America demonstrably great again, preferably in time for the 2020 presidential election. A draft proposal obtained by Politico last month talks about “private American astronauts, on private spaceships, circling the moon by 2020; and private lunar landers staking out de facto ‘property rights’ for Americans on the moon, by 2020 as well.” Empire building, it seems, is back in style. More from GeekWire: Donald Trump disses America’s space program; what would Hillary Clinton do? Space ventures get shout-outs in State of the State Address – and State of the Union Moon Village vs. Journey to Mars: Which space vision will the next president pick? White House works out a process to clear commercial missions to moon and Mars Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next IBM to build quantum computers, selling machines millions of times faster than anything made before The Independent Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored Score an Apple Mac Mini desktop computer for just $400 on Best Buy Digital Trends New leaked photos give us a crystal clear look at the Galaxy S8 BGR News New report reaffirms the most exciting new iPhone 8 feature BGR News
About Contact the Editor Advertise with FPJ Submissions Writers Support FPJ Home Features News & Analysis Essays Viewpoints Regions Africa Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East Topics Politics Economy Reviews Culture Science & Health Featured Writers Ramzy Baroud Richard Falk Jeremy R. Hammond Jim Miles Paul Craig Roberts David Swanson Select Page Book Review: Water Security in the Middle East By Jim Miles | Mar 3, 2017 | Middle East, Reviews, Viewpoints | 0 | Water Security in the Middle East approaches the topic from a US-centric geopolitical perspective. Your purchases at Amazon.com via affiliate links below will help support FPJ at no extra cost to you. Water Security in the Middle East: Essays in Scientific and Social Cooperation. Jean Axelrod Cahan, Ed. Anthem Press (Wimbledon Publishing). 2017. For anyone following events in the Middle East, it should be obvious that water is of some concern for all participants/inhabitants of the mostly desert region. This volume, Water Security in the Middle East, attempts to provide “learning about the usages of water in different cultures and different historical eras, learning about specific water disputes or conflicts in particular regions of the world and learning about local needs and attitudes,” with its obvious focus on the Middle East. Unfortunately, it is a highly academic work, making it suitable probably only for the specific courses taught by the various authors. By highly academic, I signify that it is dry and jargonistic, not available to a broader public. The writing style is typical of the social sciences as outlined for essays given by instructors to first and second year students: introduction, preview, presentation, summation, and references. The latter is seemingly the most important item, signifying that you have read many other papers and sources to support your point of view. While there are many strong references, the dryness of the writing styles would indicate that little firsthand research was done, that no one was actually talked to—neither politician, scientist, nor planner—in the various areas physically and socially discussed. The whole work could well have been written in a much shorter summary form that highlighted the three main ideas present throughout the work. The first consistent idea is that water problems do not lead to wars, but serve as aggravating factors in wars and international relationships. Secondly, climate change is an important unknown factor for future considerations and planning. Finally, simply that people argue over water rights with little successful resolution. It all could have been done within a short essay and fewer references. A larger fault, even if one can work through the quality of the writing, is the general—although not complete—lack of geopolitical information. What there is also assumes a U.S.-centric viewpoint. The first chapter, “Cooperation rules: insights on water and conflict from international relations”, clearly presents this shortcoming. Patrice McMahon writes, “Anarchy and the absence of a world government mean that conflicts between states are inevitable and war always loom in the background.” Which says a lot without actually saying it: Whose “world government”? What conflicts are “inevitable” and looming? Another generalized statement by Ms. McMahon again says a lot without saying it, as “war and violent conflict in general will be less likely to help states advance their interests….war is less cost effective than pursuing the same goal through cooperation and trade.” Which in my mind begs the question, why then does the U.S. maintain such a highly militarized state, with military corporations spread throughout its realm (Boeing, General Electric, Raytheon, McDonnell-Douglas, Lockheed-Martin, General Dynamics, et al) and then spend so much money and time fighting in the Middle East and supporting Israel’s fighting, rather than cooperating and trading? (Oh, I get it, they are the ones not cooperating and trading?) This is followed up in her conclusion that “several states are in the process of imploding and disintegrating…[demonstrating] the profound fragility of this region as nation-states give way to a variety of substate actors.” So why are they imploding and disintegrating, why is the region so fragile? Could it be all the interference by the U.S. to support Israel and protect its dollar hegemony via Saudi Arabia? In consideration of the above, the worst factor is the indication that the concerns over water allocation will “exacerbate regional tensions and distract countries from working with the United States on important policy objectives….and that the United States must be more assertive and expand cooperation with our international allies [NATO?] to bring about change and build resilience.” No, the U.S. is not part of the solution, at least not until they stop funding Saudi Arabia, stop supporting and funding Israel’s settlement of Palestine, and stop their indirect support of various “substate actors” commonly called terrorists. There are a few other case specific faults that stood out. First is the reference to Syria’s “civil war” and its internationalization. Again, welcome the CIA, the Saudis, Israel, al-Qaeda and all kinds of state and “substate actors” that turned mostly civil demonstrations into violent ones that resulted in violent counter-reactions. Another case is the single reference to Russia as playing a role in future water politics in the region. And that was all, he wrote. Understand that the essays were originally given at a conference in 2014, and Russia at that point had not yet stood up to ISIS (and indirectly U.S. geopolitical adventurism). The final case, presented sparsely in three of the essays, is the relationship between Israel and the Palestinians. The most striking feature was the neutrality of two contesting “narratives” and that each side needs to listen to the other’s narrative. Sure, that has been done and is ongoing—especially from the Israeli perspective—in western MSM. The Israeli narrative is that of a lost people returning to the emptiness of their biblical homeland, as ordained by divine right. The reality is that of a colonial-settler state serving as an outpost of western dominance that is doing its best to ethnically cleanse the land of Arab/Palestinian people and culture. Finally, to sum up, this is an economics treatise; it is not rocket science, nor is it actually any kind of science. I love to quote Michael Hudson (an economist) on this: “the discipline [of economics] is closer to numerology than to natural sciences. Indeed astrology also is highly technical and mathematical, and like economics it deals with forecasting.” (The Bubble and Beyond, 2013.)” Share: Rate: Tags: Books, US Foreign Policy, Water About the Author Jim Miles Jim Miles is a Canadian educator and a regular contributor of opinion pieces and book reviews for The Palestine Chronicle. Miles' work is also presented globally through other alternative websites and news publications. Comments are encouraged, but please respect the rules. Click here for terms of use. Support FPJ Pay a voluntary subscription price to help FPJ continue to provide you with an antidote to the government and mainstream media's propaganda! Select your contribution amount Supporter : $5.00 USD - monthlyChampion : $10.00 USD - monthlySuper Hero : $15.00 USD - monthly More ways to contribute Follow FPJ Follows Facebook 14.6k Followers Twitter 3.3k Followers Google+ 860+ Followers LinkedIn 500+ Followers More by Jim Miles Rosemary Barton, War Crimes, and the Liberation of Aleppo Book Review: Fawaz A. Gerges’s ‘ISIS: A History’ Book Review: Stephen Kinzer’s ‘The True Flag’ Book Review: “Ukraine, Zbig’s Grand Chessboard” Book Review: ‘Mission Failure: America and the World in the Post-Cold War Era’ Latest Can Truth Prevail? Descendants of Slaves, Forerunners of Justice: American Muslims Must Stop Apologizing Economic Impact of Trump Immigration Policies on Chinese This Is Not Your Grandparents’ Resistance Will Gold Prices Finally Pull Back or Continue Marching Ahead? Popular Hillary Emails Reveal True Motive for Libya Intervention Top Ten Myths about the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict Bringing Closure to the 9/11 Pentagon Debate Water Scarcity: Cooperation or Conflict in the Middle East and North Africa? Can Truth Prevail? © 2016 Foreign Policy Journal About Contact the Editor Advertise with FPJ Submissions Writers Support FPJ Privacy Policy Terms of Use Pin It on Pinterest Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Print Friendly
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 30.6 C Lagos Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business AMCON is a Mortician, Not Asset Manager AMCON is a Mortician, Not Asset Manager March 4, 2017 0 976 Interview Aviation Consultant and CEO of Belujane Konsult, Chris Aligbe is troubled by the manner of  intervention of the Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria, AMCON in the aviation industry of the country. He suggested to Chinedu Eze ways government can rescue troubled airlines like Arik and Aero. He insists that AMCON lacks the requisite experience to revive ailing airlines and would kill it with wrong approach. Excerpts There is anxiety among Arik Air workers that they may lose their jobs and the future of the airline is uncertain. How do you think the airline could be saved? The uncertainty in the airline is not unexpected. The staff are right in their feeling because, for me who is not even an employee of the airline, I have great trepidation, great anxiety about the future of that airline under the present intervention of Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON). AMCON has the record of not being able to rescue an airline because the airlines it got into in the past have all gone down. They went into Virgin Nigeria. It was under AMCON that two brand new Embraer E190 aircraft acquired by Virgin Nigeria were left on the ground to rot. It was under AMCON that Aero, which owned about eight or nine aircraft before its takeover, reduced to two aircraft in its fleet. Since over five years ago nothing has happened to Aero in terms of improvement. Staff of Aero lost their jobs under AMCON. So when you look at these, you will understand why the staff of Arik should be apprehensive about the future of their jobs and the future of the airline. AMCON in one press release I saw said they are not airline managers. Of course, they are not; they are morticians. So what they should have done is they have a right to get into Arik and say, you owe us this amount of money and we do not think that the way things are going you will be able to pay. Then AMCON will get all the stakeholders to sit down and say, we will have to change this management. Then they will jointly decide and transparently get a new turn-around management. They will openly appoint a new management that will turn the place around. The work AMCON has put in place today can never turn the place around. They started the process of reduced flight and then gave the impression that things are coming on well, but it is not true. I do not know whether AMCON has taken care to look at the international ramifications of owning Arik. Foreign creditors will be there and foreign creditors, when they found out that who owns Arik is government organisation, they will get harder in demanding for their money. They can ask for sovereign guarantees if you negotiate with them and if there are properties they can sue to take over those properties. We saw all these in Nigeria Airways Limited (NAL). We also saw it in the Nigerian shipping line. So AMCON going into Arik and saying they are not taking over the airline but they are taking over the management does not make any meaning to those Arik has relationship with internationally. Their idea of taking over Arik is wrong because their equity put together is not likely to be more than Arik’s equity even in its difficulties. That is why I said this entails calling everybody involved, bring the original owners of Arik and you sit down and agree on the way forward. AMCON has the right to go in but the way they did it is wrong. We need to rescue not only Arik, but we need to rescue the aviation industry from AMCON. Is there any way AMCON could be made to understand that it cannot effectively manage the airlines and then be made to adopt exit strategy? The issue of the defunct Virgin Nigeria is not there anymore but AMCON is not telling anybody anything about the debt, who incurred the debts and how the debts were incurred. Who obtained the loan in the airline, how was the loan acquired? They need to tell Nigerians, but they have not told Nigerians yet. All we know is that N35 billion was taken from AMCON and we are paying for it. When you come to Aero, it was a privately owned airline. That is fair enough, AMCON owns over 60 per cent of Aero if not more. It is a formidable equity holder in Aero. But it is a different thing with Arik because Aero is a domestic, regional operator. Arik is an international operator and it has international obligations. I just read in the papers that they discovered over $70 million Arik owed the International Air Transport Association (IATA). There is nothing like discovery because the debt is there; IATA knows it was being owed and how much it is owed; it was never hidden, so why use the word discover? So when you give the impression of discovery, you are creating the feeling that, oh, there was a fraud. But there is no fraud in owing IATA. I am not sure that there is any dispute between IATA and Arik and even if there is any dispute they have a way of solving it. It was wrong to present it to the public as if it was something that was hidden. But if the idea is to give impression that there is so much rot in Arik, I don’t think that is the best way to go about it because sooner than later what we will hear is, because of mammoth challenges in Arik, which AMCON didn’t know about, the airline could not be turned around as they wanted to do. It is all the same story. The fact of the matter is that AMCON should sit down with the owners of the airline and other stakeholders and decide the management of the airline. They appointed forensic auditor for the airline. What they did was right but they shouldn’t have done it themselves; the stakeholders should have decided that. They should stop doing the right thing in the wrong ways because if they continue that way the purpose of rescuing the airline will be defeated. Arik must be looked at from different perspectives. I don’t know what the current situation is, but I know Arik has three Boeing B777 on order. They are to be delivered 2018 or 2019. AMCON should immediately look into this because the order has gone beyond the point it can be cancelled. This means that the equipment must have to be paid for. These are some of the difficulties. Before jumping into the management of the airline, as an international carrier, there are so many things they should have looked at. I am sure AMCON has not found this out; if they did they won’t be telling us they just discovered IATA debts. AMCON has no clue about most of these challenges and they may start pushing them as an alibi for the collapse of Arik. It will be very sad if Arik collapses. This is the kind of thing that happened to Nigeria Airways. Its assets were three or four times more than its liabilities when the Chief Olusegun Obasanjo government decided to liquidate it. You only need to put some of its landed properties overseas and here in the GRA to reschedule the defunct airline’s debts. But they did not do that. They should watch what is happening in Arik so that the airline does not go the way of Nigeria Airways. They should not create alibi to destroy the company. Yes, it is true Arik has had challenges. We in the industry know this but the truth of the matter is that these challenges are not enough to collapse the airline. They should get those who can turn the airline around, and not those who have no idea about how to turn the organisation around. There have been allegations lately that NCAA is not effectively regulating the industry and the reason airlines are going under. What is your take on that? As far as I am concerned there are so much ignorance and so much mischief, which is very, very unfortunate. There are people who don’t know what NCAA is doing or what NCAA has done. They raise an issue and run the entire organisation down and this will not work, no matter the motive or motivations. Yes, there are challenges of economic regulation in the industry, but the challenges are not something you input to human being because some of the challenges are systemic. NCAA today cannot effectively regulate the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) despite its autonomy because FAAN is a government agency and NCAA being a government agency cannot regulate itself. The situation will change drastically when the airports are given out in concession. When they are concessioned, NCAA can now regulate them. Government never succeeds in regulating itself, but to say that NCAA has not done what it should do; that is why airlines are collapsing is not true. What should NCAA do? Is it to stop an airline that is in distress from operating? Should NCAA fund the airline that is in difficulty? Or should NCAA sit down and tell an airline, look, you can no longer operate? Airlines have their own challenges but they are not friends among themselves. What should be done in aviation industry is to make sure that the models are there. But I think that NCAA can begin to do the things that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) is doing. Nobody can take over the management of any airline without NCAA’s approval. Currently NCAA approves the Accountable Managers of the airlines which is the technical area. I think NCAA should approve the management of the airlines. In the banking sector, CBN approves the management team of banks. This is to ensure that the right people are managing the airlines. Previous articleBest, Worst and the Most Hilarious Oscars 2017 Next articleNPDC/Atlantic Tussle on Cash Call; Civil Breach of Contract, Says Counsel,  Lawal Rabana Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business Banks Begin Compliance with Directive on FX Teller Points Business Shell Shuts Down 225,000bpd Bonga Deepwater Field for Maintenance Business NBS: Imported Agric Products Totalled N212.73bn in Q4 985,428FansLike 722,935FollowersFollow Latest News All is Set, Says Govt as Abuja Airport Closes at Midnight... March 7, 2017 PDP Staff Snub Sheriff, Say They Cannot Resume Work March 7, 2017 Former Adamawa Governor, Ngilari, Jailed Five Years for Corruption March 7, 2017 FG to Review Military Rules of Engagement March 7, 2017 INEC sans Resident Commissioners, Recipe for Confusion   March 7, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Sunday 5th March 2017 March 6, 2017 0 Recent Comments Olu on Tinubu, Maryam Abacha to Inaugurate Multiple Projects in Borno vincentumenyiora on FG Creates Central Assets Register to Track MDAs’ Assets josvinco on Sokoto Approves N32m for Mass Wedding of 100 Couples josvinco on Sokoto Approves N32m for Mass Wedding of 100 Couples Ezekiel Okeke on At S’South S’East Forum, Stakeholders Call for Restructuring of Nigeria MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 434 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST All is Set, Says Govt as Abuja Airport Closes at Midnight... March 7, 2017 PDP Staff Snub Sheriff, Say They Cannot Resume Work March 7, 2017 Former Adamawa Governor, Ngilari, Jailed Five Years for Corruption March 7, 2017 FG to Review Military Rules of Engagement March 7, 2017 INEC sans Resident Commissioners, Recipe for Confusion   March 7, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 434 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Republicans' Obamacare replacement bill: The winners and losers World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Netflix, Facebook and other techs remain red hot Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech From fleeing Iran to running an ed tech startup Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This could close the gender pay gap in 27 years Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz In Arizona, the mandated use of E-Verify has had mixed results Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Rolls-Royce makes a mini-Rolls for sick kids Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Bernie Sanders to lead protest against Nissan for 'civil rights abuses' by Jackie Wattles   @jackiewattles March 4, 2017: 8:52 AM ET Nissan CEO: Automakers will increase US production Senator Bernie Sanders is leading a protest Saturday against what activists are calling civil rights violations by Nissan. Sanders will join actor Danny Glover, NAACP President Cornell William Brooks, politicians and activists at a Nissan plant in Canton, Mississippi. The activists cite "a pattern of civil rights abuses by Nissan against its predominantly African-American workforce in Mississippi," according to a statement from the march's organizers. Related: Tesla's battle with union organizers is heating up "The company has committed rampant safety and health violations and denied its workers their basic right to vote for a union free from fear and intimidation," Glover said in a statement. Nissan (NSANF) staunchly denies the activists' claims, saying the United Auto Workers union is "part of a campaign to pressure the company into recognizing a union, even without employee support." But union representatives argue that workers at the plant have not yet taken formal steps toward unionizing because they fear retaliation from the company. Related: Boeing workers in South Carolina overwhelmingly reject union In a statement Friday, Sanders said that while Nissan workers are unionized in 42 of its 45 factories around the globe, the workers at plants in Mississippi and Tennessee are not. Activists and workers say that's caused major problems, such as health hazards and pay cuts. "I for one am grateful for my job. But in the years since [the factory opened]...Nissan has driven down pay, eliminated benefits and imposed punishing production schedules while skimping on basic health and safety equipment," said Robin Moore, a Nissan employee from Jackson, Mississippi. The rally is scheduled to begin at 12:30 pm CT Saturday. The march was organized by Mississippi Alliance for Fairness at Nissan. CNNMoney (New York) First published March 3, 2017: 6:25 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending The world will have 43% more super-rich people by 2026 GM is selling its European business in $2.3 billion deal Deutsche Bank to ask market for $8.5 billion after big losses Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Trulia Home Search Paid Partner Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Chicago Real Estate San Francisco Homes for Sale Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth New York Real Estate Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Department of Defense Search Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports Quick Links Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Legal & Administrative Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map Skip to main content (Press Enter). Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Toggle navigation Department of Defense Department of Defense Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports U.S. Department of Defense Search HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-041-17 March 3, 2017 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS ARMY ABM Government Services LLC, Hopkinsville, Kentucky (W911W4-17-D-0001); CALNET Inc., Reston, Virginia (W911W4-17-D-0002); CWU Inc., Clearwater , Florida (W911W4-17-D-0003); Global Linguist Solutions LLC, Herndon, Virginia (W911W4-17-D-0004); Mid Atlantic Professionals Inc., doing business as SSI, Germantown, Maryland (W911W4-17-D-0005); Mission Essential Personnel LLC, New Albany, Ohio (W911W4-17-D-0006); SOS International LLC, Reston, Virginia (W911W4-17-D-0007); Valbin Corp., Bethesda, Maryland (W911W4-17-D-0008); and WorldWide Language Resources LLC, Fayetteville, North Carolina (W911W4-17-D-0009), will share $9,864,000,000 multiple types of contracts to procure foreign language services in support of the Defense Language Interpretation Translation Enterprise program. Bids were solicited via the Internet with 20 received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order; with an estimated completion date of March 16, 2027. U.S. Army Intelligence and Security Command, Fort Belvoir, Virginia, is the contracting activity. Trident Technologies LLC,* Huntsville, Alabama, was awarded a $48,000,000 firm-fixed-price contract for building, staffing, and maintaining the computer communications network in support of the research and development activities of the Engineer Research and Development Center. Bids were solicited via the Internet with three received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order; with an estimated completion date of Feb. 28, 2022. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Vicksburg, Mississippi, is the contracting activity (W912HZ-17-D-0004). S.B. Ballard, Virginia Beach, Virginia, was awarded a $28,180,683 firm-fixed-price contract for the construction of a training support facility. Bids were solicited via the Internet with five received. Work will be performed in Fort Lee, Virginia, with an estimated completion date of Aug. 27, 2018. Fiscal 2016 military construction funds in the amount of $28,180,683 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Norfolk, Virginia, is the contracting activity (W91236-17-C-0003). Jacobs Government Services Co., Fort Worth, Texas, was awarded a $15,000,000 firm-fixed-price contract for architect-engineering services. Bids were solicited via the Internet with 19 received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order; with an estimated completion date of March 7, 2022. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Fort Worth, Texas, is the contracting activity (W9126G-17-D-0007). Science Applications International Corp., McLean, Virginia, was awarded an $8,864,000 modification (000253) to contract W31P4Q-15-A-0024 for engineering and software support services. Work will be performed in McLean, Virginia, with an estimated completion date of Feb. 18, 2018. Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $8,864,000 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, is the contracting activity. BAE Systems Land and Armaments LP, Sterling Heights, Michigan, was awarded a $8,170,271 modification (P00024) to contract W56HZV-15-C-A001 for the armored multi-purpose vehicle prototype vehicle configuration retrofit. Work will be performed in Sterling Heights, Michigan, with an estimated completion date of Jan. 31, 2019. Fiscal 2016 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $4,120,926 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Warren, Michigan, is the contracting activity. DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY Lockheed Martin Inc., Baltimore, Maryland, has been awarded an estimated $750,000,000 fixed-price with economic-price-adjustment contract for flight line spare parts. This was a competitive acquisition with three offers received. This is a five-year base contract with a three-year and a two-year option period. Locations of performance are Georgia, Oklahoma and Utah, with a March 31, 2022, performance completion date. Using military service is Air Force. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through 2022 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Aviation, Richmond, Virginia (SPE4AX-17-D-9006). NAVY BAE Systems San Diego Ship Repair, San Diego, California (N00024-16-D-4419); Continental Maritime of San Diego, San Diego, California (N00024-16-D-4420); and General Dynamics, National Steel and Shipbuilding Co., San Diego, California (N00024-16-D-4421), are being awarded a combined $383,058,661 firm-fixed-price modifications to previously awarded indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, multiple-award contracts to exercise an option for complex, emergent and continuous maintenance, repair, modernization and Chief of Naval Operations availabilities on amphibious ships homeported in San Diego, California. Work will be performed in San Diego, California, at contractor facilities or Naval Base San Diego, and is expected to be completed by March 2018. No funding is being obligated at the time of award.  The Southwest Regional Maintenance Center, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity. Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, Manassas, Virginia, is being awarded a $100,443,937 cost-plus-incentive-fee and cost reimbursement modification to a previously awarded contract (N00024-15-C-6222) for procurement of Technical Insertion-16 Acoustic - Rapid-Commercial-Off-The-Shelf Insertion (A-RCI) systems, spares, and pre-cable kits.  The A-RCI Technical Insertion 16 program provides significant improvements in acoustic performance by upgrading ship sensor processing.  A-RCI is a sonar system that integrates and improves towed array, hull array, sphere array, and other ship sensor processing, through rapid insertion of commercial-off-the-shelf-based hardware and software.  Work will be performed in Manassas, Virginia (95 percent); and Clearwater, Florida (5 percent), and is expected to be completed by December 2022.  Fiscal 2017 shipbuilding conversion (Navy); fiscal 2017 and 2016 other procurement (Navy); and fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) funding in the amount of $100,443,937 will be obligated at the time of award and $40,000 will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.  Lockheed Martin Corp., Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Co., Fort Worth, Texas, is being awarded $20,639,536 for modification P00016 to the previously awarded low-rate initial production Lot 10 F-35 Lightning II advance acquisition contract (N00019-15-C-0003).  This modification provides for airworthiness requirements, technical reviews, deficiency corrections, and chase maintenance for the Air Force, Marine Corps, Navy, non-U.S. Department of Defense (Non-U.S. DoD) participants, and foreign military sales (FMS) customers.  Work will be performed in Fort Worth, Texas (30 percent); El Segundo, California (25 percent); Warton, United Kingdom (20 percent); Orlando, Florida (10 percent); Nashua, New Hampshire (5 percent); Nagoya, Japan (5 percent); and Baltimore, Maryland (5 percent), and is expected to be completed in March 2020.  Fiscal 2016 aircraft procurement (Navy, Marine Corps and Air Force); non-DoD participants; and FMS funding in the amount of $20,639,536 are being obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract combines purchases for the Air Force ($8,462,813; 41 percent); Navy/Marine Corps ($2,115,703; 10.25 percent); non-U.S. DoD participants ($5,204,209; 25.22 percent); and FMS customers ($4,856,811; 23.53 percent).  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.  Vigor Marine LLC, Portland, Oregon, is being awarded a $10,268,877 firm-fixed-price contract for a 45-calendar day shipyard availability for the regular overhaul and dry docking of USNS Matthew Perry (T-AKE 9).  Work will include clean and gas-free tanks, voids, cofferdams and spaces, deckhouse preservation, main generator maintenance and cleaning, high voltage switchboard and emergency switchboard cleaning, shell and deck steel replacement, dry-docking and undocking, propeller shaft and stern tube inspect, forward and aft stern tube seal inspection and overhaul, underwater hull cleaning and painting, freeboard cleaning and painting,  sea valve replacements, renew flight deck nonskid, and reverse osmosis unit sea-chest installation.  The contract includes options which, if exercised, would bring the total contract value to $10,416,432.  Work will be performed in Portland, Oregon, and is expected to be completed by June 1, 2017.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) funds in the amount of $10,268,877 are being obligated at the time of award and funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured with proposals solicited via the Federal Business Opportunities website, with three offers received.  The Navy’s Military Sealift Command, Norfolk, Virginia, is the contracting activity (N32205-17-C-4203). Cabrillo Enterprises, doing business as R.W. Little,* National City, California (N55236-16-D-0005); South Bay Sand Blasting and Tank Cleaning Inc.,* San Diego, California (N55236-16-D-0006); and Surface Technologies Corp.,* Atlantic Beach, Florida (N55236-16-D-0007), are each being awarded $10,000,000 for modifications of under a previously awarded indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity, multiple award contracts to exercise option year one for deck covering removal and non-skid installation services on board Navy ships.  Each contractor shall provide all management, administrative services, materials, tools, equipment, labor, rigging, scaffolding, utilities (i.e. air, water and electricity, etc.) and required services/support to accomplish deck covering removal and non-skid installation on board Navy ships within a 50-mile radius of San Diego, which may include Oceanside, California.  Work will be performed in San Diego, California, which may include Oceanside, California, and is expected to be completed by April 2018.  No funding is being obligated at the time of award.  The Southwest Regional Maintenance Center, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity. General Electric Aviation, Lynn, Massachusetts, is being awarded $9,228,947 for cost-plus-fixed-fee delivery order 0015 against a previously issued basic ordering agreement (N00421-14-G-0001) for the F414 Engine Component Improvement program, including engineering and engine system improvement support for the Navy.  Work will be performed in Lynn, Massachusetts, and is expected to be completed in December 2017.  Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation; and fiscal 2017 aircraft procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $2,197,432 will be obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. Rockwell Collins-ESA Vision Systems, Fort Worth, Texas, is being awarded $7,800,000 for modification to a delivery order 0006 placed against a previously awarded firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract (N00019-15-D-0024) in support of the Joint Helmet Mounted Cuing System Night Vision Cueing and Display systems.  This modification definitizes the efforts associated with the inspection and repair of existing 16mm inverted image intensifier (I2) tube assemblies and the non-recurring engineering (NRE) to replace the existing tube’s power supply with a suitable form, fit, and function replacement due to a known obsolescence issue with the power supply to the I2 tubes.  Work will be performed in Merrimack, New Hampshire, and is expected to be completed in August 2018.  Fiscal 2015 and 2016 other procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $4,581,769 are being obligated at time of award, $3,792,418 of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. AIR FORCE The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, has been awarded a $46,399,274 modification (PZ0001) to previously awarded contract FA8505-14-C-0004 to definitize a foreign military sales requirement providing interim contractor support for the F-15SA aircraft for the Royal Saudi Air Force. Work will be performed at King Khalid Air Base, Saudi Arabia, and is expected to be complete by March 31, 2017. This contract is 100 percent foreign military sales to Saudi Arabia. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, is the contracting activity. ECSC LLC,* Panama City, Florida, has been awarded a not-to-exceed $40,000,000 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for paving requirements at Nellis and Creech Air Force Bases. Contractor will provide broad range of maintenance, repair, and minor construction work on real property. Projects will consist of general paving tasks such as asphalt and Portland Concrete Cement paving, grading, drainage, curbing, sidewalks and associated tasks as ordered from a schedule of pre-priced line items on individual task orders. Work will be performed at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada; and Creech Air Force Base, Nevada, and is expected to be complete by March 2, 2022.  This award is the result of a competitive acquisition with nine offers received. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $55,000 are being obligated at the time of award. The 99th Contracting Squadron, Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, is the contracting activity (FA4861‐17‐D‐A300).  Harris Corp., Colorado Springs, Colorado, has been awarded a $27,972,060 modification (P00763) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract F19628-02-C-0010 for System Engineering and Sustainment Integrator for Ballistic Missile Early Warning System Pave Phased Array Warning system sustainment support. Contractor will provide the sustainment posture of the systems which include field service team, mission assurance, system program agency operations, weapon system management and engineering. Work will be performed at Beale Air Force Base, California; Cape Cod Air Force Station, Massachusetts; Clear Air Force Station, Alaska; Colorado Springs, Colorado; Thule Air Force Station, Greenland; and Fylingdales Air Force Station, United Kingdom, and is expected to be complete by April 30, 2018. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $27,972,060 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado, is the contracting activity. Greenland Contractors I/S, Copenhagen, Denmark, has been awarded a $25,560,000 modification (P00039) to previously awarded contract FA2523-15-C-0002 to operate and maintain Thule Air Base. Contractor support includes civil engineering; airfield and water port operations; fuels management; transportation; non-secure communications; environmental management; food services; medical and public health; supply; recreation and community services. Work will be performed at Thule Air Base, Greenland, and is expected to be complete by Sept .30, 2017. No funds are being obligated at the time of award. The 21st Contracting Squadron, Detachment 1, Copenhagen, Denmark, is the contracting activity (FA2523-15-C-0002). Harris Corp., Colorado Springs, Colorado, has been awarded a $7,772,781 modification (P00765) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract F19628-02-C-0010 for System Engineering and Sustainment Integrator, Perimeter Acquisition Radar Attack Characterization System (PARCS) sustainment support. Contractor will maintain the sustainment posture of the PARCS systems, which includes weapon system management and engineering; systems engineering; hardware repairs and spares; and licenses and subscriptions. Work will be performed at Colorado Springs, Colorado; and Cavalier Air Force Station, North Dakota, and is expected to be complete by April 30, 2018. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $7,772,781 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado, is the contracting activity. DEFENSE COMMISSARY AGENCY Lakeside Foods, Anniston, Alabama, is being awarded an indefinite-delivery, requirements-type contract to provide fresh shell egg products for resale at 60 commissary store locations throughout the Defense Commissary Agency’s commissaries within the continental U.S..  The estimated award amount is $8,579,484.  The contractor will deliver fresh shell egg products to the store locations as needed.  The contract is for a 24 month base period beginning April 30, 2017, through April 27, 2019.  Three one-year option periods are available.  If all three option periods are exercised, the contract will be completed April 23, 2022.  Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Six firms were solicited and two offers were received.  The contracting activity is the Defense Commissary Agency, Resale Contracting Division, Resale Commodities Branch, Fort Lee, Virginia (HDEC02-17-D-0006).   *Small business News News Articles Casualty Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Contracts Testimony Messages Special Reports Photos/Videos Photo Essays Week in Photos DoD Video News Other Pentagon Press Badges Military Commissions Press / Media Queries Other News Sources Mission The mission of the Department of Defense is to provide the military forces needed to deter war and to protect the security of our country. The department's headquarters is at the Pentagon. Subscribe Now Get the latest DoD News products delivered to your inbox. Subscribe Military Departments Joint Chiefs Army Marine Corps Navy Air Force Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Africa Command Central Command European Command Northern Command Pacific Command Southern Command Special Operations Command Strategic Command Transportation Command Connect Twitter Facebook Flickr LinkedIn Instagram YouTube DefenseTV DVIDS Blogs RSS Contact Subscribe Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 33°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Tuesday, March 7, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Fargo Street with Tyler Sullivan Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Despite Trump pledge, no requirement for US steel in Keystone Justin Sink Friday, March 03, 2017 Credit: The Associated Press President Donald Trump talks with reporters n the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, Jan. 24, 2017, before signing an executive order on the Keystone XL pipeline. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) comments WASHINGTON — The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Donald Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles (1,897 kilometers) from Alberta through three states — Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska — before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced inside of the United States. The remainder of the steel was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a Feb. 23 meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, as well as Energy Transfer Partners LP’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy — meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel — but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a Feb. 16 news conference, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen,” the administration “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. “Even this order was drawn and they didn’t say that. And I’m reading the order, I’m saying, why aren’t we using American steel? And they said, that’s a good idea. We put it in.” He repeated the claim a day later during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” Trump said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good — add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Trump told a similar story later that weekend at a Feb. 18 rally in Melbourne, Fla. Noting that he had had moved to “begin the construction” of the Keystone and Dakota projects, Trump said that as he was about to sign the order, he asked who would be manufacturing the pipe. “Something this audience understands very well, right?” Trump said. “Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said, not anymore. So I put a little clause on the bottom: The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we’re going to have pipelines.” A White House official who would only discuss the pipeline issue on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department was working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration couldn’t implement it until that effort had completed. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is currently under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired, or expanded pipeline. Asked about the issue, TransCanada issued a statement saying it continued “to be encouraged as our Presidential Permit application makes its way through the approval process.” “This project will support U.S. energy security, create thousands of well-paying U.S. jobs and provide substantial economic benefits,” the company said. Canada’s U.S. ambassador, David MacNaughton, said Friday in an interview that negotiations on Keystone’s route are going “extremely well” with federal authorities and “I don’t see any big hurdles” from the Trump administration. He called the outlook for the project “very positive.” ——— (Andrew Mayeda and Josh Wingrove contributed to this report.) ——— ©2017 Bloomberg News Visit Bloomberg News at www.bloomberg.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. _____   More On: Energy Transfer Partners LP United States Steel Corp Donald Trump Mario Barrett Mario Longhi Share this Article Join the Conversation Herald Columnists Joyce Ferriabough Bolling Bolling: Great equalizer helped to build a better boston Peter Gelzinis Gelzinis: Six weeks in and Donald Trump’s looking tapped out Kimberly Atkins Atkins: Cuba fears prez could wipe out island’s gains Jaclyn Cashman Cashman: Belle’s beastly brouhaha Bob McGovern McGovern: A footnote won’t pull in the big fish Adriana Cohen Cohen: Jihadi threat makes order common sense Trending Now Shattuck: For Obama, spying is nothing new | Boston Herald Chance the Rapper writes $1 million check to Chicago Public Schools as a ‘call to action’ Ben Carson refers to slaves as 'immigrants who came here in the bottom of slave ships' Film spotlighting human trafficking to get Belmont debut Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Despite Trump pledge, no requirement for U.S. steel in Keystone Bloomberg Justin Sink 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 10 tips for saving money at Costco and big box stores Donald Trump's superyacht and other billionaire boats Click to expand Replay Video Ivanka Trump tackles child care CNBC's Ylan Mui reports on Ivanka Trump's push for child care tax credits. CNBC Navigation apps are causing trouble for city planners The rise of navigation apps is causing problems for city planners due drivers being re-routed to residential areas. CNBC GM bets smaller is better Its sale of its European operations is the biggest step in GM's drive to become smaller but more profitable. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Trump Drops ‘Buy American’ for Keystone Wochit News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Ivanka Trump tackles child care CNBC1:34 Navigation apps are causing trouble for city planners CNBC0:47 GM bets smaller is better Reuters1:28 Buying music vs. streaming: Which is better and why Wochit Tech0:38 Why Canada wants to move quickly on NAFTA talks Bloomberg4:15 Must-know credit card benefits The Wall Street Journal.0:39 Things that make your car insurance cost more MoneyTalksNews1:46 These toys are made in the US CNN Money1:16 India's gold imports surge on pent-up demand Reuters1:37 Four tips for tax season The Wall Street Journal.0:43 The wackiest certifications you can get The Washington Post1:48 Virtual currency is now worth more than gold Wochit Business0:56 A typo at Amazon caused the internet to crash Veuer0:43 Secret Uber program reportedly let drivers avoid authorities for years Newsy1:14 No bonus for Mayer after millions of Yahoo hacks Reuters0:50 The Rust Belt gave Trump his victory. Now these voters want jobs. CNN Money9:41 UP NEXT The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Donald Trump’s repeated claims. Quotes in the article United States Steel Corp X ▼ 37.48 -0.26 -0.69% Allied American Steel Corp AAST ▼ 0.0084 -0.0001 -1.18% TransCanada Corp TRP ▲ 45.90 +0.43 +0.95% Energy Transfer Partners LP ETP ▲ 38.58 +0.20 +0.52% AdChoices The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles (1,897 kilometers) from Alberta through three states -- Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska -- before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced inside of the United States. The remainder of the steel was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. Public Comments But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a Feb. 23 meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, as well as Energy Transfer Partners LP’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy -- meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel -- but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a Feb. 16 press conference, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen” the administration “want them to use American steel.” American Steel “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. “Even this order was drawn and they didn’t say that. And I’m reading the order, I’m saying, why aren’t we using American steel? And they said, that’s a good idea. We put it in.” He repeated the claim a day later during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” Trump said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good -- add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Trump told a similar story later that weekend at a Feb. 18 rally in Melbourne, Florida. Noting that he had had moved to “begin the construction” of the Keystone and Dakota projects, Trump said that as he was about to sign the order, he asked who would be manufacturing the pipe. “Something this audience understands very well, right?” Trump said. “Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said, not anymore. So I put a little clause on the bottom: The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we’re going to have pipelines.” Under Construction A White House official who would only discuss the pipeline issue on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department was working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration couldn’t implement it until that effort had completed. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is currently under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired, or expanded pipeline. Asked about the issue, TransCanada issued a statement saying it continued “to be encouraged as our Presidential Permit application makes its way through the approval process.” “This project will support U.S. energy security, create thousands of well-paying U.S. jobs and provide substantial economic benefits,” the company said. Canada’s U.S. ambassador, David MacNaughton, said Friday in an interview that negotiations on Keystone’s route are going "extremely well" with federal authorities and "I don’t see any big hurdles" from the Trump administration. He called the outlook for the project "very positive." --With assistance from Andrew Mayeda and Josh Wingrove To contact the reporter on this story: Justin Sink in Washington at jsink1@bloomberg.net.  To contact the editors responsible for this story: Craig Gordon at cgordon39@bloomberg.net, David Marino, Alex Wayne  ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
The US Air Force’s Updated E-3G Radar Planes Are Vulnerable to Hacks Ironically, the downside to having modern computers in planes lies in their susceptibility to that most contemporary of threats—hacking. The E-3 Sentry airborne early warning and control aircraft, or AWACS, is a linchpin of United States air power. With its powerful radar and communication systems, the E-3 can patrol vast swaths of territory for aerial and maritime adversaries, and direct friendly forces to respond. However, like a lot of older military hardware, the Sentry's 1970s and 80s-era electronics lack many capabilities we take for granted in modern computers. So it makes sense that the Air Force has been working to upgrade its AWACS fleet to the new E-3G Block 40/45 variant with modern open architecture computers that can be updated on the fly. The Air Force has already refitted nine E-3s to the new standard. However, plans to upgrade 18 more have been delayed after the Block 40/45 dramatically flunked a series of performance tests in 2016. Ironically, the downside to having modern computers lies in their vulnerability to that most contemporary of threats — hacking. Read more: The US Air Force's Biggest Spy Planes Are Hunting ISIS Fighters The E-3 Sentry was first deployed in 1977, replacing the older EC-121 Warning Star which served in Vietnam. Basically a 707 airliner with a nine-meter diameter APY- 2 radar rotating on top, the E-3's 13 to 19 crew members can track aircraft and ships from as far as 250 miles away. The Sentry is particularly useful for detecting aircraft flying below the effective altitude of surface-based radars. The E-3's 20 high- and ultra-high frequency radios allow the crew to communicate with and direct friendly forces. Today the US Air Force operates a fleet of 32 E-3s across the world, while European NATO countries share a fleet of 16 Sentries based in Geilenkirchen, Germany. Smaller numbers also serve in the air forces of France, the United Kingdom, and Saudi Arabia. The E-3G Block 40/45 upgrade replaces the Sentry's antiquated computers with a Red Hat Linux-based system for the main flight computer, and Windows-based operator workstations, which are connected to each other via a local area network. These will provide a new user interface and application for 15 crewmembers. The open-architecture operating systems are easy to update, and have "spare computing power for future capabilities" an Air Force spokesperson told War Is Boring. Furthermore, the E-3G's computers are designed to fuse air, sea, and land tracks into a single integrated sensor display, which should save time and reduce the likelihood of target identification errors. New ground-based computer terminals enhance mission-planning and post-mission data analysis. The Block 40/45 also incorporates a satellite communication system and digital upgrades that increase the flow of data to the E-3G, allowing it operate in more congested airspace and lower the number of communication technicians needed onboard the plane. The E-3G's Link 16 and 11 datalinks have also been optimized to decrease latency when transmitting targeting data for priority targets. Finally, there are modifications to improve the troublesome electromagnetic sensors—or Electronic Support Measures—added in the preceding Block 30/35 variant. All these advancements haven't come cheap. A 2014 spending and acquisitions report estimates that R&D and procurement expenditures on the E-3G program, which began well over a decade ago, would total more than $2.6 billion by 2016. The first upgraded E-3G at Tinkers Air Force Base in Oklahoma in 2010. Photo: USAF In 2012, a Testing & Evaluation report confidently asserted that while the E-3G demonstrated some "deficiencies," it was nonetheless consistently superior to the older Block 30/35 aircraft. By July 2014, the Air Combat Command declared Initial Operating Capability for the E-3G, which began service with the 552nd Air Control Wing. Two E-3Gs were first operationally deployed in support of anti-narcotics operations in the Caribbean, and in November 2015 the new Sentries began flying combat missions over the Middle East. By 2016, Boeing had converted nine aircraft to the Block 40/45 standard, most using older 32-bit hardware. However, the Air Force wished to conduct additional testing before converting the remaining aircraft to a more powerful 64-bit configuration with an improved ground support system. But the program's annual report reveals that the new trials didn't go smoothly. First of all, a cold weather test mission in Fairbanks, Alaska, literally failed to get off the ground because of problems with the radar and airframe unrelated to the new computer systems. Then, that summer, a Block 40/45 plane underwent competitive maritime surveillance trials versus an older Block 30/35 E-3 over the Gulf of Mexico. Both aircraft reportedly had "deficiencies" tracking the position of ships at sea, but the new Block 40/45 airplane proved "less effective." Furthermore, the E-3G's ground-based 1.0 operating systems overheated repeatedly. Finally, two Block 40/45 aircraft were deployed for the Red Flag 16–3 exercise conducted from Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada. These planes benefited from newer 3.0 Deployable Ground Support systems which continued to function despite sweltering heat, requiring only one restart during the three week-long exercise. However, the E-3Gs demonstrated "inaccurate track quality data processing and inconsistent IFF [Identify Friend or Foe] response displays to the operator." The Air Force also noted that the upgraded Electronic Support Measures system remained "not reliable." E-3 of 552nd Air Control Wing takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag 16-2 exercise in March 2016. Photo: USAF Prior to Red Flag, however, the Block 40/45 had already failed a critical test—a three-week long Cooperative Vulnerability and Penetration Assessment to determine how easy it was to hack the E-3G and its ground support system under realistic operational conditions. "E-3G version 3.0 and supporting Block 40/45 ground systems are highly vulnerable to cyber threats and not survivable," the report tersely states. That result finally led the program executive officer to decline to certify the E-3G as ready for follow-on operational testing, bringing the trials to a temporary halt. They are slated to recommence in two years once the software has been revised to address the demonstrated shortcoming. What lay behind this disappointing performance? Though unable to comment on cyber-vulnerabilities, an Air Force spokesperson clarified the problem with the E-3's sensors in an email: "The primary cause of errors is traceable to legacy analog sensors, which were not upgraded as part of the Block 40/45 modification. Block 40/45 integrates data inputs from multi-sensor on-board and off-board systems, which provides the operator with a "single target-single track" capability. The current version of AWACS, Block 30/35, does not integrate its information to provide a single track, so the mission crew must take the information provided and manually create tracks from different sensor and communications datalinks." The Block 40/45 upgrade has a reasonable objective—to equip the Sentry with the kind of adaptable, networked computing capabilities that we take for granted in modern home computers. However, those networked systems may also leave the aircraft vulnerable to hacking. Indeed, both Russia and China have repeatedly demonstrated their ability to break into sensitive American military systems in the past few years. The two nations have also invested heavily in electronic countermeasures to reduce the effectiveness of the sensors and networked systems so integral to the US military's way of war. The program's annual report notes that the Air Force and Boeing should spend the next two years tweaking the software and hardware to reduce the Block 40/45's cyber vulnerabilities, prepare new training materials, and get the new operating systems to fuse tracking data effectively and accurately. Meanwhile, many of the Air Force's E-3 crews may have to make do with the most sophisticated computer technology the 1970s and 80s had to offer. This post was originally published on War Is Boring .
    Sign In Subscribe Experts Find an Advisor Ask MoneySense Portfolio Builder Get Money Fit Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Experts Bruce Sellery Jonathan Chevreau Dan Bortolotti David Aston Romana King Robert R. Brown Norm Rothery Jason Heath Barry Choi Find an Advisor Ask MoneySense Portfolio Builder Get Money Fit Save Banking Budgeting Debt Credit Card Selector Annual Credit Card Rankings Financial Planning MoneySense Approved Financial Advisors Investing TFSAs RRSPs RESPs Stocks ETFs Mutual Funds Index Funds GICs Bonds Retirement Annuities Pensions Taxes Spend Credit Cards Insurance Real Estate Where to Buy Now Best Places to Live Buying Selling Renting Mortgages Renovations Vacation Homes Income Properties Shopping Auto Tech Travel Home & Décor Style Earn Careers Benefits Self Employment Learn RRSP Guide Glossary of Investing Terms Guide for New Canadians Guide to Insurance Couch Potato Portfolio Guide Books Invest Homes Tools & Rankings MoneySense Approved Financial Advisors Credit Card Finder RESP Calculator Mortgage Calculator Canada’s Best Credit Cards Canada’s Best Places to Live Canada’s Best Deals in Real Estate Top 200 Canadian Stocks Top 500 American Stocks Top 100 Dividend Stocks ETF All-Stars Best Mutual Funds Best Discount Brokerages Charity 100 Newsletters Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Bruce Sellery Jonathan Chevreau Dan Bortolotti David Aston Romana King Robert R. Brown Norm Rothery Jason Heath Barry Choi Home Investing Should you invest in Trump's defence plans? Should you invest in Trump’s defence plans? Donald Trump wants to increase defence spending by US$54 billion. But does that mean it’s a good time to buy into this sector?   0 by Mark Brown March 3rd, 2017 Online only.   0 Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Share LinkedIn Email President Donald Trump speaks while aboard the nuclear aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford, Thursday, March 2, 2017, at Newport News Shipbuilding in Newport, Va. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Donald Trump is carrying through with his election promise to increase spending in the military. How much? Try US$54 billion. And if there were any doubts, Trump commandeered a new US$13 billion aircraft carrier to let everyone knows he means business. Of course investors have heard grand promises by governments before. The question investors need to ask is whether this is a good time to put money into companies that align with such grand spending pronouncements? Short answer: Let’s just say that may not be the best strategy. Consider this. Republican Presidents are seen as being more favourable to the military; Democratic administrations are seen as being more dovish. If that’s true, you might expect defence stocks would do better when Republicans are in power. Who’s better for defence stocks? Republicans or Democrats To test this theory we compare the collective performance of four core defence stocks over the past five presidents. Specifically, we selected General Dynamics, Boeing, Raytheon and Northrop Grumman for our analysis because they were the largest members of the defence sub-index and they were some of the few companies that had data going back to the 1980s. For this example we used a balanced portfolio of these four stocks, rebalancing only when a new president took office. (We considered one of several defence sub-indicies, but none had a history longer than 20 years). It’s a small sample, but as you can see in the chart below an interesting pattern emerges. Defence stocks actually outperformed when President Bill Clinton and President Barack Obama were in office. None of this is to suggest that some defence stocks won’t benefit if the U.S. Congress approves his spending plan, but it may not be the tide to lift all stocks. It’s worth noting, however, that while these core defence stocks haven’t always been ahead of that market overall, they’ve held their value regardless of who’s living in the White House. While the market cratered at the end of George W. Bush’s time in office, these defence stocks stayed above water. Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Share LinkedIn Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Resources Contact Us Advertising Site Map © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bernie Sanders Joins Groups Urging Nissan to Stop Fighting UAW by Josh Eidelson @josheidelson More stories by Josh Eidelson March 3, 2017, 3:47 PM EST Sierra Club, NAACP to also sign letter on Mississippi plant Decade-long union campaign enlists politicians in France, U.S. The United Auto Workers’ decade-long drive to organize a Nissan Motor Co. plant has found a supporter in Senator Bernie Sanders, who plans to hand-deliver a letter urging the automaker to drop its opposition to the union at the Mississippi site. “These workers have shown incredible courage in standing up and fighting back, and they deserve my support -- and I think they deserve support from progressives all across this country,” Sanders said in a telephone interview Friday. The anti-union pressures facing workers in Mississippi may be the worst of any place in America, he said. The Vermont senator intends to deliver a letter addressed to Jose Munoz, the chairman of Nissan’s North American unit, on Saturday following a march to the automaker’s plant in Canton. Signers including Sanders and actor Danny Glover refer in the letter to a 2015 National Labor Relations Board complaint regarding alleged anti-union conduct by Nissan management and recent occupational safety citations at the plant. ‘Deserve Better’ “We believe that Nissan employees in Canton deserve better -- and that workers’ rights are civil rights,” the letter reads, according to an advance copy obtained by Bloomberg News. “We look forward to the courtesy of a response.” Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up The mobilization is the latest step in a lengthy campaign by the UAW at the facility located in the mostly non-unionized U.S. South. Representing workers at the Nissan facility would mark a significant victory for the UAW, which has largely failed to organize Japanese, German or Korean automakers’ U.S. plants. As right-to-work laws encroach on longtime strongholds in the North and Midwest, union enrollment has dropped to a record low. Nissan’s response to the union campaign has included holding mandatory anti-union meetings for employees, according to the UAW. The 2015 NLRB complaint alleges Nissan management illegally threatened to fire employees or close the plant if they joined the UAW. The company denies the claims. “The allegations made by the union are totally false,” Nissan spokesman Brian Brockman said in an email. “Nissan respects and values the Canton workforce, and our history reflects that we recognize the employees’ rights to decide for themselves whether or not to have third-party representation.” Nissan will work with the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration to resolve in the near future two recent safety citations and continues to work with the federal agency to prevent future issues, Brockman said. Other signers of the letter Sanders plans to deliver will include the presidents of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the Sierra Club, the environmental group that’s helped promote the Nissan Leaf electric car. Southern Labor Nissan produces the Altima sedan, Murano crossover, NV vans and Frontier and Titan pickups in Canton, according to a company website. The Canton rally follows a series of high-profile setbacks for organized labor in the South. In 2014, employees at Volkswagen AG’s Chattanooga, Tennessee plant voted against the UAW despite the company’s official neutrality -- though a smaller unit at the same plant approved unionization the following year. Employees at Boeing’s North Charleston, South Carolina, plant voted 3-to-1 last month against joining the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, following an anti-union campaign that workers said included frequent mandatory anti-union meetings as well as a flurry of ads on local TV. Sanders has a long history of lending support to organized labor campaigns. He delivers a much bigger spotlight following his showing against Hillary Clinton in the 2016 Democratic presidential primary. French Support The UAW has also found support in France. The nation’s government is a major shareholder of Renault SA, Nissan’s alliance partner. “We cannot accept that France and the French state shareholder of Renault scoff at the claims of their workers in the United States, while claiming to defend them in France,” Yannick Jadot, the former French green party presidential candidate, said in a French-language video posted on Twitter Friday. Sanders suggested President Donald Trump should follow his example. “It would be wonderful if tomorrow as we rally in Mississippi in support of workers who want a union, if President Trump would sent out a little tweet saying ‘I support the Nissan workers in their struggle for decent wages, decent benefits, and for a safe work environment.’ Now that would be a remarkable tweet.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Andrew Burton/Getty Images Despite Trump Pledge, No Requirement for U.S. Steel in Keystone by Justin Sink @justinsink More stories by Justin Sink March 3, 2017, 3:24 PM EST Made-in-America directive won’t apply, White House says Trump told U.S. Steel CEO project would use American steel The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Donald Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles (1,897 kilometers) from Alberta through three states -- Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska -- before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced inside of the United States. The remainder of the steel was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. Public Comments But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a Feb. 23 meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, as well as Energy Transfer Partners LP’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy -- meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel -- but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a Feb. 16 press conference, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen” the administration “want them to use American steel.” American Steel “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. “Even this order was drawn and they didn’t say that. And I’m reading the order, I’m saying, why aren’t we using American steel? And they said, that’s a good idea. We put it in.” He repeated the claim a day later during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” Trump said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good -- add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Trump told a similar story later that weekend at a Feb. 18 rally in Melbourne, Florida. Noting that he had had moved to “begin the construction” of the Keystone and Dakota projects, Trump said that as he was about to sign the order, he asked who would be manufacturing the pipe. “Something this audience understands very well, right?” Trump said. “Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said, not anymore. So I put a little clause on the bottom: The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we’re going to have pipelines.” Under Construction Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up A White House official who would only discuss the pipeline issue on the condition of anonymity said the Commerce Department was working on a plan for the president’s order requiring U.S. steel, so the administration couldn’t implement it until that effort had completed. Moreover, the official said, because the Keystone XL pipeline is currently under construction it does not count as a new, retrofitted, repaired, or expanded pipeline. Asked about the issue, TransCanada issued a statement saying it continued “to be encouraged as our Presidential Permit application makes its way through the approval process.” “This project will support U.S. energy security, create thousands of well-paying U.S. jobs and provide substantial economic benefits,” the company said. Canada’s U.S. ambassador, David MacNaughton, said Friday in an interview that negotiations on Keystone’s route are going "extremely well" with federal authorities and "I don’t see any big hurdles" from the Trump administration. He called the outlook for the project "very positive." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Virgin space spinoff will pop teensy satellites into orbit Richard Branson's newest effort, Virgin Orbit, aims to launch small satellites from a jet flying at 35,000 feet. Tech Industry by Stephen Shankland March 2, 2017 2:18 PM PST @stshank Virgin Orbit plans to get small satellites into space cheaply and flexibly with small rockets launched from a jet. Virgin Orbit Elon Musk's rocket program at SpaceX is designed for massive payloads like communications satellites. But fellow space buff Richard Branson seems to be more interested in satellites that'll fit in the palm of your hand. On Wednesday Branson fired up Virgin Orbit, a new business focused on launching tiny satellites, often known as cubesats. The diminutive orbiters are increasingly popular since they're cheaper to build and can still do useful work, like imaging the entire Earth's surface daily, as in the case of Planet Labs' foot-long Dove satellites. Virgin Orbit is a spinoff from a team previously called LauncherOne. The project is designed to make launches quicker, easier and more flexible by dropping a launch rocket from a Boeing 747 jet called Cosmic Girl flying at 35,000 feet. Virgin Orbit is the third company in the Branson space effort. The first two are Virgin Galactic, which focuses on commercial human spaceflight, and the Spaceship Company, which builds spacecraft for Virgin Galactic. Virgin Orbit's leader is Dan Hart, who worked for aerospace giant Boeing for 34 years, including the post of vice president of government satellite systems. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Industry Sci-Tech Virgin Media Space Richard Branson SpaceX Product Info Runtastic Orbit $119.99 See it More stories Tech companies (still) against Trump's (new) travel ban This robot interviewed lawmakers at a parliamentary session Samsung chief's trial to begin on bribery, embezzling charges ​Uber devises secret Greyball tool to evade officials Close   Discuss: Virgin space spinoff will pop teensy satellites... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: IBM quantum computers will unleash weird science on business Google Home spouts crazy talk with fake news in answers The smart speaker is criticized for spreading conspiracy theories about President Obama and other untrue statements as part of its spoken search results. by Bridget Carey 2:10 Leaked footage of the Galaxy S8, Nintendo says dead pixels are normal In today's tech news a footage leaks of the Samsung Galaxy S8, Reddit users complain about dead pixels on the Nintendo Switch and Elon Musk might be boring in LA. by Jonathan Garnham 1:22 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Opinion Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Dallas' North-South Gap Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close The Associated Press When your tax dollars are involved, you deserve to know how they're being spent Filed under Editorials at 3 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Dallas Morning News Editorial Connect with Dallas Morning News Editorial Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Suppose you want to know how much money your city is spending on food contract services. Or maybe you think your city made a bad deal on a royalty settlement or parking lot contract, and you want to see the numbers. As a taxpayer, someone whose money is being spent on these deals, you deserve answers.  But you might not get them. Texas' Public Information Act is supposed to protect your right to such data. But two years ago, separate Texas Supreme Court rulings made it harder to get information about government dealings between private companies and nonprofits.  Since then companies and governments have used the ruling to be unresponsive to public requests.  It is a huge loophole that state Sen. Kirk Watson, D-Austin, and state Rep. Giovanni Capriglione, R-Southlake, are trying to close, with SB 407 and SB 408  in the Senate and companion bills HB 792 and HB 793 in the House. The legislation would apply state open records laws to a private entity or nonprofit that receives a government contract. Until 2015, that was already the case. But then the Texas Supreme Court ruled in Boeing vs. Paxton that companies could claim that contracts between businesses and government entities should be kept a secret to prevent business rivals from gaining a competitive advantage. The ruling broadened an exemption in public records law used to protect the government's competitive interests and allowed businesses to claim it, too.   The impact has been to keep civic watchdogs on a shorter and shorter leash. The Texas attorney general's office says it is seeing a sharp increase in firms and governments citing the Boeing decision as a  reason to withhold information that otherwise would have been made public. Editorial: Texas court ruling lets government keep contracts secret, inviting corruption to fester The other court case has been equally problematic for the cause of open government. In a dispute involving the Greater Houston Partnership, the court concluded that the Public Information Act applied only if the entity is "sustained" by public funds. That set too high a bar for public disclosure and weakened a longstanding practice requiring nonprofits that receive public funds or operate as a government to be subject to the Public Information Act. Here are just a few of the abuses after these rulings: The cost of a Kaufman County school district's food service contract with a private business is under wraps. Uber submitted the number of its drivers and some financial data to the city, but that's off-limits, too. Even the amount the city of McAllen paid singer Enrique Iglesias for an outdoor concert is a deep, dark secret — well after the event. Really? The protection of trade secrets and other proprietary information is vital to any business. But existing law already provides ample protections for proprietary information and trade secrets. The public interest isn't served if governments and their commercial or nonprofit partners can keep their business arrangements secret.  Texas needs a robust and progressive open records law. Closing these loopholes will keep it strong. What you can do Contact your legislator to register your support for SB 407, SB 408, HB 792 and HB 793 to strengthen Texas' Public Information Act. To find out who represents you and how to contact them, go to www.fyi.legis.state.tx.us/Home.aspx and type in your address. Email forms are available on each lawmaker's website. Find them at www.house.state.tx.us/members and www.senate.state.tx.us/directory.php. View Comments Tags Editorials Opinion Texas Legislature Texas Politics Politics Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Opinion More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
    Sign In Subscribe Experts Find an Advisor Ask MoneySense Portfolio Builder Get Money Fit Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Experts Bruce Sellery Jonathan Chevreau Dan Bortolotti David Aston Romana King Robert R. Brown Norm Rothery Jason Heath Barry Choi Find an Advisor Ask MoneySense Portfolio Builder Get Money Fit Save Banking Budgeting Debt Credit Card Selector Annual Credit Card Rankings Financial Planning MoneySense Approved Financial Advisors Investing TFSAs RRSPs RESPs Stocks ETFs Mutual Funds Index Funds GICs Bonds Retirement Annuities Pensions Taxes Spend Credit Cards Insurance Real Estate Where to Buy Now Best Places to Live Buying Selling Renting Mortgages Renovations Vacation Homes Income Properties Shopping Auto Tech Travel Home & Décor Style Earn Careers Benefits Self Employment Learn RRSP Guide Glossary of Investing Terms Guide for New Canadians Guide to Insurance Couch Potato Portfolio Guide Books Invest Homes Tools & Rankings MoneySense Approved Financial Advisors Credit Card Finder RESP Calculator Mortgage Calculator Canada’s Best Credit Cards Canada’s Best Places to Live Canada’s Best Deals in Real Estate Top 200 Canadian Stocks Top 500 American Stocks Top 100 Dividend Stocks ETF All-Stars Best Mutual Funds Best Discount Brokerages Charity 100 Newsletters Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Bruce Sellery Jonathan Chevreau Dan Bortolotti David Aston Romana King Robert R. Brown Norm Rothery Jason Heath Barry Choi Home Investing Should you invest in Trump's defence plans? Should you invest in Trump’s defence plans? Donald Trump wants to increase defence spending by US$54 billion. But does that mean it’s a good time to buy into this sector?   0 by Mark Brown March 3rd, 2017 Online only.   0 Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Share LinkedIn Email President Donald Trump speaks while aboard the nuclear aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford, Thursday, March 2, 2017, at Newport News Shipbuilding in Newport, Va. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Donald Trump is carrying through with his election promise to increase spending in the military. How much? Try US$54 billion. And if there were any doubts, Trump commandeered a new US$13 billion aircraft carrier to let everyone knows he means business. Of course investors have heard grand promises by governments before. The question investors need to ask is whether this is a good time to put money into companies that align with such grand spending pronouncements? Short answer: Let’s just say that may not be the best strategy. Consider this. Republican Presidents are seen as being more favourable to the military; Democratic administrations are seen as being more dovish. If that’s true, you might expect defence stocks would do better when Republicans are in power. Who’s better for defence stocks? Republicans or Democrats To test this theory we compare the collective performance of four core defence stocks over the past five presidents. Specifically, we selected General Dynamics, Boeing, Raytheon and Northrop Grumman for our analysis because they were the largest members of the defence sub-index and they were some of the few companies that had data going back to the 1980s. For this example we used a balanced portfolio of these four stocks, rebalancing only when a new president took office. (We considered one of several defence sub-indicies, but none had a history longer than 20 years). It’s a small sample, but as you can see in the chart below an interesting pattern emerges. Defence stocks actually outperformed when President Bill Clinton and President Barack Obama were in office. None of this is to suggest that some defence stocks won’t benefit if the U.S. Congress approves his spending plan, but it may not be the tide to lift all stocks. It’s worth noting, however, that while these core defence stocks haven’t always been ahead of that market overall, they’ve held their value regardless of who’s living in the White House. While the market cratered at the end of George W. Bush’s time in office, these defence stocks stayed above water. Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Share LinkedIn Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Resources Contact Us Advertising Site Map © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Donald Trump's likely EU ambassador Ted Malloch 'made false statements' to banks to obtain millions in loans When he filed for bankruptcy in 2013, he said he had just $152,000 and therefore could not repay the outstanding debt of $5.9m Ben Chapman Friday 3 March 2017 17:41 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online In February Oxford university accused Mr Malloch of falsely claiming to be a fellow at two of its colleges BBC Ted Malloch, a professor tipped to become Donald Trump’s ambassador to the EU, reportedly made false statements to deceive two US banks into giving him multimillion-dollar loans, then later declared himself bankrupt. Mr Malloch and his wife Beth falsely stated they had £36.3m in assets in order to take out the loans, according to court documents seen by the Financial Times.  When the couple filed for bankruptcy in 2013, the couple said they had just $152,000 and therefore could not repay the outstanding debt of $5.9m. Read more Trump's likely EU ambassador compares it to Soviet Union The US court ruled in favour of the banks and said that the couple had acted with the intent to deceive when making their applications. The bank reportedly said in court documents that the couple had “failed to explain satisfactorily the loss of assets or deficiency of assets”. They had “falsely represented . . . the nature and value of their assets and did so for the purpose of deceiving [the bank] and/or obtaining loan approval and subsequent modifications thereof”. Read more Greece 'may ditch euro in favour of the dollar' EU leaders call for rejection of Trump's likely ambassador to EU Trump's likely EU ambassador compares it to Soviet Union In February, Oxford University accused Mr Malloch of falsely claiming to be a fellow at two of its colleges. Mr Malloch’s autobiography also contains a number of misleading claims, including that he was called a “genius” by Margaret Thatcher and “knighted” by the Queen. Mr Malloch also said last month that Greece is contemplating leaving the euro in favour of the US dollar. According to the transcript of a translated interview with Greek local online news site ekathimerini.com, Mr Malloch claimed Greek economists are looking into taking on the US banknotes in a move that he said would “freak out” Germany. Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 2/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 3/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 4/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 5/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 6/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 7/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 8/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 9/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 10/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 11/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 12/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 13/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 14/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 15/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 16/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 17/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 18/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 19/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 20/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 21/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 22/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 23/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 24/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 25/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 26/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 27/35 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 28/35 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 29/35 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 30/35 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 31/35 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 32/35 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 33/35 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 34/35 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 35/35 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex He said: “I know some Greek economists who have even gone to leading think tanks in the US to discuss this topic and the question of dollarisation. Mr Malloch, a strident Brexiteer, has indicated he is no fan of Brussels on several occasions. In February, on BBC One's This Week, when asked why he wanted to be US ambassador to the EU, he said: "I had in a previous career a diplomatic post where I helped bring down the Soviet Union. So maybe there's another union that needs a little taming." More about: Ted Malloch Donald Trump Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Life Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Food & Drink Pacific NW Magazine Outdoors Wellness Home & Decor Pets Cannabis Rant & Rave All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Life Food & Drink Pacific NW Magazine Outdoors Wellness Home & Decor Pets Cannabis Rant & Rave All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Life Log In Subscribe Life Lifestyle Puget Sound Watch: Oak Harbor dad builds backyard roller coaster for 3-year-old son Originally published March 3, 2017 at 9:10 am Updated March 3, 2017 at 9:35 am Scott Brazelton, a Navy pilot, got advice from a retired Seattle Boeing engineer. A YouTube video captures son going on his first thrill ride. Share story By Lynn Thompson Seattle Times staff reporter Is there a luckier kid in the region? Three-year-old Wyatt Brazelton’s dad built him his own roller coaster in the backyard of their Oak Harbor home on Whidbey Island. Scott Brazelton, a Navy pilot, wanted some quality time with his son, because he’s often away from home on lengthy deployments, according to the Whidbey News Times. So instead of a tree house, Scott spent several weeks building a roller coaster out of PVC piping and two-by-fours. A YouTube video the family posted of Wyatt’s first ride has been viewed more than 103,000 times. Two Seattle television stations traveled to Whidbey Island this week to capture their own footage of a completely delighted boy riding the gravity-powered roller coaster down and around the falls and loops of the 140-foot track. Most Read Stories Hit man in San Antonio murder-for-hire slaying set to die Exhausted mom needs sleep before marriage crumbles | Dear Carolyn Dick’s Drive-In to open new location — and you can vote on where Is your kid absent more than classmates? School ‘nudge’ letters tell parents just how much  VIEW AG Bob Ferguson: Trump’s original travel ban was indefensible; we’re reviewing the new oneUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Brazelton said he sought out help from a retired Seattle Boeing engineer, Paul Gregg, who has written books about backyard roller coasters. Brazelton designed the car to look like a little airplane, complete with a silver propeller and silver tail fins. Brazelton launches the car by pushing it to the highest point of the track, 7 and a half feet off the ground, with a left-over length of tw0-by-four — and letting the car plummet down and around. And what does Wyatt say when the ride is over? Again! Again! Lynn Thompson: 206-464-8305 or lthompson@seattletimes.com; on Twitter: @lthompsontimes. The Weekender Email Newsletter Sign-up Make your weekend plans with dining, entertainment and event listings. Delivered Thursdays. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Report: Vegas-to-Palmdale rail to attract 3 million riders Previous Story Eastern Washington trout opener on Wednesday surprisingly had some angler turnout and slow to fair catches Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get The Weekender delivered to your inbox. Make your weekend plans with dining, entertainment and event listings. Delivered Thursdays. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! The Weekender will arrive before noon on Thursdays. Back to the story
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Theresa May's Government needs to forge better relationship with unions to make success of industrial strategy Amid the sound and fury of a critical report by MPs, what has been missed is a call for more dialogue and less sound and fury By James Moore Chief Business Commenyator Friday 3 March 2017 17:00 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online TUC general secretary Frances O'Grady calls for dialogue with Government on its industrial strategy BEN STANSALL/AFP/Getty Images Amid the sound and fury that accompanied a critical report on the Government’s much vaunted new industrial strategy by MPs on the Business Energy & Industrial Strategy Committee, it should not come as any surprise that no one paid much attention to its call for a little less of the sound and fury.  As part of their research, MPs on the committee took a visit to Sweden to learn about the successful implementation of an industrial strategy in a European economy that has been booming.  What struck MPs was the consensus they found within business, government and unions about its role.  Read more Industrial Strategy proposals 'do not match the rhetoric' say MPs CBI warns Government against ‘flash-in-the-pan industrial strategies’ Theresa May to set out 'Industrial Strategy' In their report they opine that an “adversarial culture, not just in parliamentary politics but in industrial relations, inhibits the possibility of a successful long-term industrial strategy”.  And there’s more: “It is notable that those sectors which have seen success in recent years (in Britain), particularly aerospace and automotive, have very productive and positive relationships between management and unions.” Much of the evidence the committee members received “emphasised the need for Government to work in partnership with business, local government, academia, trade unions and communities in order to develop and deliver its industrial strategy”.  They are right to raise this. And yet, by contrast to the healthy relationships built up in the above sectors, it’s hard to find much evidence of any similarly healthy working relationship between the Conservative Government and the trade unions in any sector.  To the contrary. Far too often unions are denounced by Conservative MPs, demeaned by their friends in the media (sometimes with their connivance) and made subject to laws that even countries not known for their friendliness towards the union movement baulk at.  The pre-Brexit Conservative Government of David Cameron dialled back on some of most repressive proposals during the passage of the Trade Union Act of 2016. It even suffered a defeat over the issue of collecting union fees through pay packets in the public sector.  But a repressive law still found its way on to the statute book, one that was notably opposed by the Chartered Institute of Personnel & Development, which described ministers' approach as outdated during the passage of the bill through Parliament. It argued instead for “dialogue-led approaches” to be taken by employers and unions, such as the signing of no-strike agreements.  I arrgued at the time that ministers would have done well to heed its progressive approach. The CIPD’s members, after all, find themselves at the sharp end when strikes occur. If they think an anti union law is a bad idea, then it's a bad idea.  Of course,  the forging of a new, and more constructive relationship, will require movement on the union side too.  But TUC general secretary Frances O’Grady’s statement in respone to the MPs' report suggests that is possible. “Unions are keen to work in partnership with government and business to make industrial strategy a success,” she said, while calling upon ministers to pay due heed to the MPs’ recommendations.  A reciprocation of that conciliatory tone from Number 10 Downing Street downward would be welcome, as would a willingness on the part of ministers to face down the more lumpen and ideologically driven MPs in their own party. It’s not as if the latter haven’t been given plenty of red meat to chew on with the Government’s approach to Brexit.  Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 2/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 3/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 4/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 5/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 6/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 7/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 8/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 9/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 10/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 11/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 12/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 13/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 14/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 15/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 16/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 17/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 18/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 19/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 20/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 21/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 22/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 23/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 24/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 25/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 26/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 27/35 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 28/35 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 29/35 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 30/35 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 31/35 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 32/35 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 33/35 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 34/35 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 35/35 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex A successful industrial policy could serve as a more meaningful and worthwhile part of Theresa May’s legacy than the latter. It would be something more positive than “Brexit means Brexit”.  For that to happen, her Government needs to jettison the language of confrontation and to instead adopt a big tent approach. The pursuit of a more constructive relationship with unions would be a fine way to demonstrate that it is up to the challenge of doing that.  More about: TUC car industry industrial policy Immigration. Theresa May Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 58° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 58° F Lo: 37° F Forecast Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines House being renovated catches on fire in Dayton Updated: 16 mins ago The fire started just before 3 a.m. on Tuesday at a house on Gummer Avenue. POLICE: drug overdose could be cause of serious crash Updated: 44 mins ago A man and woman were taken to Miami Valley Hospital in critical condition from the scene at West Third Street and South Decker Avenue. Village of Yellow Springs holds meeting on NYE incident March 6, 2017 Travel ban impacts University of Dayton students set to graduate March 6, 2017 New travel ban eases some legal questions but not all March 6, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 58° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 58° F Wind: S 18 Humidity: 65% Dewpoint: 46° F Sunrise: 7:00 AM Sunset: 6:35 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines WSU Women fall to Detroit-Mercy in HL semis March 6, 2017 The Wright State women’s basketball team led by one at the half, only to see Detroit Mercy shoot 66 percent in the second half to defeat the… Maddie Bowman on winning Olympic gold: ‘Every emotion you’ve ever felt hits you at once’ March 6, 2017 Maddie Bowman, who won gold in the inaugural ski halfpipe competition at the 2014 Sochi Olympics, reflects on her favorite memories from Soc… Joss Christensen: From Sochi underdog to PyeongChang front-runner March 6, 2017 Raiders bow-out of HL tournament with loss to NKU March 5, 2017 UD women dancin’ with A10 Championship March 5, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Dog’s Night Out March 6, 2017 Take the dog out for “Dogs Night Out” and share some ice cream at Ritter’s Frozen Custard. Finishing out the school year strong March 6, 2017 The school year is winding down. Report cards come out for many students this week and that means there is only one semester left. Marcie fr… Red Lobster March 6, 2017 Produce delivery bike rolls into downtown March 6, 2017 River Valley Credit Union’s Teacher of the Month March 6, 2017 More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 58° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 58° F Lo: 37° F Man builds backyard roller coaster for son By NBC News Published: March 3, 2017, 11:51 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) OAK HARBOR, WA (KING) – Scott Brazelton admits he’s crazy. “My wife will tell you, I’m pretty much nuts,” he says. But most will agree, he’s put his crazy to good use by building a backyard roller coaster for his 3-year-old son, Wyatt. The idea came from a likely source, a theme park. “We took him to Disneyland a couple months ago and he just loved the roller coasters,” said Brazelton. The Navy pilot said that’s when his research started. “I researched it, and it actually wasn’t that complicated,” said Brazelton. But for safety sake, Brazelton also enlisted the help of Paul Gregg. Gregg is a Boeing engineer who lives in Seattle and has dedicated his retired life to building backyard roller coaster for his grandkids. He’s even written books and answered any questions Brazelton had about building a backyard coaster. It took Brazelton about two months to finish the project, working on it on the weekends. Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Anti-Trumper John Kasich to doubters: I’m no lame duck Rise in temperatures means drop in business for some retailers 12-year-old’s odd Christmas present request pays off Grandfather of missing Gatlinburg family heads to Tennessee to help with search Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 WDTN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sat, Mar 04, 2017 - Page 12　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp CAL, Nordam sign MOU for joint venture ASIA’S AVIATION MARKET:The airline said that Tulsa-based Nordam Group Inc had been looking to expand its repair services in the Asian region since last year By Ted Chen  /  Staff reporter Nordam vice chairman and chief operating officer of the Asia-Pacific region T. Hastings Siegfried, second left, and China Airlines chairman Ho Nuan-hsuan, second right, yesterday hold up a memorandum of understanding they signed in Taipei on establishing an aircraft maintenance joint venture. Photo provided by China Airlines China Airlines Ltd (CAL, 中華航空) yesterday said it has inked a memorandum of understanding (MOU) on establishing an aircraft maintenance joint venture with US-based Nordam Group Inc to tap the Asian aviation maintenance market. The memorandum was signed in Taipei by CAL chairman Ho Nuan-hsuan (何煖軒) and Nordam vice chairman and chief operating officer of the Asia-Pacific region T. Hastings Siegfried. CAL, which declined to provide further details on the venture’s funding and shareholding, said that the new company would be the first in Asia to offer maintenance services for thrust reverser and other aircraft composite parts. The new company would be offering its services under the Nordam brand, CAL said, adding that its Tulsa, Oklahoma-based partner has been seeking to boost and expand its repair services in the Asian market since last year. Through the joint venture, CAL is hoping to elevate its capacity to perform thrust reverser maintenance for its own fleet, the airline said. Support from Nordam Group would also help the Taiwanese company’s capacity in servicing composite parts, such as aircraft nosecones, noise-reduction fins on aircraft wings as well as the fuselage, the airline said. The joint venture is a continuation of a decade-long partnership with Nordam Group in servicing airline’s fleet of Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co aircraft, the companies said at the signing ceremony. Aside from adding new long-haul flights to Europe, Ho has listed the airline's expansions into the aircraft maintenance market among his top priorities this year. CAL is aiming to leverage its position as the nation’s biggest airline in leading growth across Taiwan’s aerospace supply chain, and is looking to team up with Aerospace Industrial Development Corp (AIDC, 漢翔航空工業), the nation’s largest civilian and military aircraft manufacturer, Ho said last month. The company in January inked an agreement with Airbus to help the Taiwanese carrier improve its servicing capacity for Airbus aircraft, while setting its sights on aircraft retrofitting and cabin and frame modification businesses. Ho said in January that CAL was in talks with Airbus to establish a parts procurement center in Taoyuan and that it is helping it select an appropriate site for the project. In addition, CAL broke ground for a new facility that is to be operated by Taiwan Aircraft Maintenance and Engineering Co Ltd (台灣飛機維修), a fully owned subsidiary. CAL shares yesterday fell 0.99 percent to NT$10.05, underperforming the TAIEX. This story has been viewed 3310 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-02-28 to 2017-03-07 Most read Most e-mailed 1 228: PAST AND PRESENT: Feature: Victims demand justice 70 years after massacre 2 Japanese-era train station restored to its former glory 鐵道迷新去處 百年古蹟山佳車站修復亮相 3 Taipei man returns home only to find it torn down 4 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 At least 80 schools signed letters with China: MOE 2 Airport MRT to officially launch today 3 No independence for Taiwan, HK, Chinese premier warns 4 US-Asia change and continuity 5 EDITORIAL: Chiang’s diaries reveal his culpability MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Amazon's next shipping destination might be the moon In a confidential white paper sent to NASA, Jeff Bezos' rocket company outlines plans for a colony on the moon -- with help from Amazon cargo shipments. Sci-Tech by Megan Wollerton March 3, 2017 6:58 AM PST @meganwollerton Amazon CEO and Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos speaking at the 32nd Space Symposium on April 12, 2016. Bloomberg via Getty Images In a "proprietary and confidential" white paper sent to NASA and the Trump administration, Jeff Bezos' rocket company, Blue Origin, is proposing plans for establishing a colony on the moon. As reported by The Washington Post, the seven-page document emphasizes cargo missions over human transport. Of course, what lunar civilization would be complete without Amazon-style shipments of gear and food? We already know Bezos can't do without bacon. Blue Origin isn't the only private company designing rockets and conducting test flights for newfangled commercial operations in space. Boeing recently announced plans to use more than 600 3D-printed parts on its Starliner space taxis. Elon Musk's SpaceX and Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic are also working on their own visions for the future of space travel. Musk earlier this week revealed plans to send a pair of tourists on a trip around the moon, perhaps as soon as late 2018, a more modest goal than the vision he described last September of building a city on Mars a few decades down the road. SpaceX is already in the business of sending supplies to the International Space Station. Neither NASA nor Amazon immediately responded to our request for comment. Watch the New Shepard rocket land back on Earth Blue Origin conducted the first in-flight escape test since the Apollo Program and landed the New Shepard rocket for its fifth successful flight. 1:25 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Share your voice 0 comments Tags Sci-Tech Tech Industry Amazon Jeff Bezos More stories Space is spectacular in a new deep field Amazon's Bezos tweets out photos of new rocket engine NASA weather satellite sends striking lightning images This MIT robot reads your mind to know when it screws up Close   Discuss: Amazon's next shipping destination might... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: IBM quantum computers will unleash weird science on business CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Trending: Beware These 12 Common Money MistakesHow Unwanted Gift Cards Saved Me $300 Last Year9 Freebies You Can Grab in MarchAirfares Are Falling — Here’s How to Save Even MoreMorning Deals: Monday, Mar. 650 Ways to Make a Fast $50 Register / Login Articles Trending Beware These 12 Common Money Mistakes How Unwanted Gift Cards Saved Me $300 Last Year 9 Freebies You Can Grab in March Airfares Are Falling — Here’s How to Save Even More Morning Deals: Monday, Mar. 6 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 Categories Around The House Business Cars College Credit & Debt Eco-Friendly Family Insurance Investing Jobs & Work Real Estate Retirement Shopping Taxes Tech Travel Ripoffs Ask Stacy Video Vintage Deals Coupons Solutions MTN Solutions Center No matter what your financial situation, whether you have more debt than you can deal with or are just looking for a credit card with better rewards, we can help you find what you need. Get help with Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Collector Harassment Social Security Find a new or better Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Brokerage Insurance Plan Car Loan Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan Register Login Deals Coupons Solutions Search for: Search Search for: Search Sign up for our free newsletter and we'll send you a PDF with 205 ways to save! Click here to sign up now! Sign up Grow Where to Invest in the Trump Era More Great Articles! Our free newsletter is filled with articles just like this. Sign up now and get a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up We respect your privacy and do not share or sell email addresses. See our Privacy Policy for more information. Daily Tips That Can Change Your Life Join our 367,482 active subscribers! Daily tips to make more, spend less, and reach your goals Fun-to-watch videos, easy-to-read articles Get any money question answered in our forums Sign up Thank you for all of the advice and news you share; it is priceless! I post so many of your things on Facebook. Please keep up the great work. Harmony These are real, unsolicited comments from our readers. Find Solutions Get help with ... Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Collector Harassment Social Security Find a new or better ... Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Brokerage Insurance Plan Car Loan Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan Popular Videos How to Make Things Last Longer Best and Worst Things to Buy in January 2017 The Most Valuable Things You Can Get Free (If You Know Where to Look) 9 Secret Ways to Use Toothpaste What to Do When Friends and Family Ask For Money How to Get Started Investing With $500 or Less Recent Videos Bad Money Moves We All Make Investing in the Trump Era 8 Ways to Take Control of Your Finances and be Happier 10 Ways to Save When You're Making Minimum Wage Better Investing What's Hot The Most Sinful City in the U.S. Is … (Hint: It’s Not Vegas)Family How a Mexican Tariff Will Boost the Cost of 6 Common PurchasesFamily This Free Software Brings Old Laptops Back to LifeMore How to Protect Yourself From the ‘Can You Hear Me?’ Phone ScamFamily Report: Walmart to Begin Selling CarsCars Where to Sell Your Stuff for Top DollarAround The House Is Your TV Tracking You? Here’s How to Tell — and Prevent ItAround The House 11 Staging Tips to Help You Get Top Dollar When Selling Your HomeAround The House 21 Restaurants Offering Free Food Right NowSaving Money 20 Simple Hacks to Make Your Stuff Last LongerAround The House 4 Car Insurers That Might Raise Rates Even When the Accident Wasn’t Your FaultCars How to Invest If Trump Kills the ‘Fiduciary Rule’Grow 12 Surprising Ways to Wreck Your Credit ScoreBorrow 9 Secret Ways to Use Toothpaste That Will Make You SmileAround The House The 2 Types of Music That Most Improve Dog BehaviorFamily Here are 8 sectors to watch -- for opportunity, volatility and risk -- as the new administration rolls out its policies and objectives. By Ari Cetron on March 3, 2017 Photo by Javen / Shutterstock.com Donald Trump is president, like it or not. And with a new administration comes changes in policy that will affect your portfolio. Some Trump policy changes and key Cabinet appointments came quickly, and their impact on financial markets has already started taking hold. In other areas, we have little more than general comments from the administration to indicate policy direction. Whatever you may think about the changes, it’s a good time to assess the investment risks and opportunities — which sectors are likely to surge, and which might flounder — under the Trump administration. Here are eight worth examining: 1. Infrastructure opportunities brewing Mark Agnor / Shutterstock.com Possibly one of the most obvious bets is in construction companies. Pipelines and giant walls are just two of the sorts of projects Trump has advocated during his first weeks in office. As a candidate, he also promised a $1 trillion infrastructure plan to rebuild many of the nation’s roads and bridges. If he can convince Congress to pay for it all, there could be lots of money flowing to construction companies over the next few years. Industrial equipment maker Caterpillar could see some of this cash come their way to purchase the backhoes and bulldozers required for big projects. Cemex, a Mexican company that makes concrete and cement, could also do well. The possibilities go beyond bridges and roads; there may also be major improvements and expansions to the nation’s communication networks and power infrastructure — a potential boon for companies that make and install things like power lines and fiber optic cables. 2. Energy industry shifts jaroslava V / Shutterstock.com Companies that mine uranium and run nuclear power plants are excited by the prospects under the Trump administration, owing to comments that suggest he’s pro-nuclear. Professionals urge care in investing in the industry, since it is quite volatile. Oil and gas companies have also rallied, since Trump seems to be a friend to companies that pull carbon out of the ground. One strong indication was his appointment of Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of ExxonMobil, to be his secretary of state. Trump often talks about revitalizing coal — in part by removing environmental regulations to rev up the industry — but problems with coal go beyond those regulations and are unlikely to be solved by the president. For one thing, plentiful natural gas has supplanted coal as the fuel of choice for utilities and other big users. Trump’s comments also signal renewable energy may become a loser. If his policies lower gas and oil prices, people won’t be as quick to switch to environmentally friendly energy sources like solar. Additionally, federal subsidies for these industries may dry up. While you can always buy shares in large companies like ExxonMobil or BP, it might be safer to look for a fund you like that trades in the sector. Check out this story for ideas. 3. Financial sector buoyant Rawpixel.com / Shutterstock.com While running for office, Trump said he wanted to do away with the “carried interest deduction” — a tax break for select investors, like hedge fund managers. But the industry and many investors are optimistic about his plans to cut many of the regulations imposed by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which were put in place in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. Throw in the possible elimination of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and it could mean looser regulations and bigger profits for banks and other financial service companies. Following Trump’s inauguration, shares in the biggest banks surged. This includes heavy-hitters like Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and Bank of America. By all indications, some experts say, the trend will continue. Additionally, if changes to tax policy allow the repatriation of the billions of dollars multinational companies currently are holding offshore, that could spark a wave of mergers, acquisitions and stock buybacks. In addition to the companies holding the offshore cash, like Apple and GE, the companies that help facilitate these transactions could do well. Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and other Wall Street big dogs will again be beneficiaries. 4. Health care turmoil tab62 / Shutterstock.com Anyone who can predict what’s going to happen to health care reform could make a fortune. The Republican Party in control of Congress is haggling over whether to “repeal and replace” the Affordable Care Act or “repair” the ACA, also called Obamacare. Until plans firm up, the sector will experience turmoil. The unpredictable nature of the sector makes it a risky investment. Trump’s comments about the big pharmaceutical companies “getting away with murder” clobbered prices in the sector in mid-January, though most rebounded after he met with pharmaceutical executives behind closed doors several days later. The president’s stance on drug pricing is now unclear, but some experts are bullish on drug companies. They point to multinationals like Pfizer or Novartis as companies likely to churn steady profits during the Trump administration. 5. Insurance expansion? Michal Chmurski / Shutterstock.com Trump wants to let insurance companies sell their products across state lines — health insurance in particular. How that would impact Americans’ access to health coverage remains to be seen, but the impact on insurers’ bottom lines will probably be positive. In addition, insurers are expecting to see higher yields, according to Financial Times (subscription wall). If you are interested in the industry, but not confident about choosing specific companies from among the big names (MetLife, Prudential Financial, et al.) consider investing in insurance sector funds. 6. Bullish on defense Chris Parypa Photography / Shutterstock.com Trump has claimed the U.S. military has been depleted. Though many experts disagree, a Republican Congress is often friendly toward increased defense spending. Some who study defense note there have been some mixed messages. Trump wants increases in defense spending, but he’s also taken to Twitter to complain about the cost of some projects such as the F-35 and Air Force One. On balance, analysts still expect the defense industry to do well in GOP-dominated Washington. If Trump follows through with plans to increase defense spending, that’s obviously good news for companies that make planes, ships, tanks and other equipment — such as Northrup Grumman, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Raytheon and General Dynamics — as well as thousands of smaller companies that provide parts and services to those giants. 7. Caution: importers and exporters tonton / Shutterstock.com Yes, “importers and exporters” covers practically every major company, due to the emergence of global supply chains. Trump’s plans to rip up trade deals and impose high import tariffs create tremendous uncertainty for both. If he can actually get better deals through trade negotiations, there might be a net positive for the economy. But if the proposed Border Adjustment Tax turns into reality, the first casualties would be U.S. importers because it will make the goods they are bringing in more expensive. (Some economists have argued that such a tax could hurt the overall economy.) Secondarily, the shift in trade practices could spark retaliation by foreign governments against U.S. goods — thus harming American exporters. 8. Tech uncertainty ra2studio.jpg / Shutterstock.com According to Code.org, there are more than 527,000 computing jobs open nationwide but fewer than 43,000 people last year who earned computer science degrees. Trump’s moves to curtail immigration and potentially shrink the H-1B visa program (which allows the temporary hiring of foreign workers in specialty occupations) could hurt tech companies’ ability to hire enough workers. Add to that the fact that tech companies are big exporters, and these could be tough times for the sector. While some might get a short-term boost if companies are allowed to repatriate overseas holdings, most experts agree that positive will be outweighed by the negatives. What industries do you think investors should watch? Let us know in the comments below or on our Facebook page. It's not the usual blah, blah, blah I know... every site you visit wants you to subscribe to their newsletter. But our news and advice is actually worth reading! For 25 years, I've been making people richer without making their eyes glaze over. Take 5 seconds and join our family by clicking here. You'll be glad you did. I guarantee it! Want to learn to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Want tons of ways to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Looking to get out of the rat race? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Daily tips to make and save money Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up 💰🗣📰 Read Next: Marijuana Stocks Flaming Out Under Trump Promoted Content More Money Talks News Marijuana Stocks Flaming Out Under Trump How to Invest If Trump Kills the ‘Fiduciary Rule’ The 17 Best States for Retirees in 2017 Beware These 12 Common Money Mistakes How Unwanted Gift Cards Saved Me $300 Last Year 9 Freebies You Can Grab in March Airfares Are Falling — Here’s How to Save Even More 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 Comments Check Out Our Hottest Deals! We're always adding new deals and coupons that'll save you big bucks. See the deals to the right and hundreds more in our Deals section. Click here to explore 1,685 more deals! Outerwear at Dick's Sporting Goods: Extra 50% off + free shipping Mackie Reference Multimedia Monitors for $70 + free shipping © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. As Seen on TV! We air as part of the local newscast on more than 80 NBC, CBS, ABC, and Fox television affiliates around the country. Find your local affiliate on our map or contact your favorite station and tell them you want Money Talks News. × It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Articles to help you save money and build wealth, delivered daily. Sign up now and receive a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up No thanks, I'm not all that into money.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Announcements Features Bridal Marketplace Shows & Events Planning Tools Toggle navigation Menu Search Announcements Features Bridal Marketplace Shows & Events Planning Tools Close Hausman-Wilcox Janice Denham Janice Denham Mar 3, 2017 (…) Jennifer Lynn Hausman and Thomas Andrew Bryan Wilcox announce their engagement. The bride-to-be, daughter of David Hausman of Bethalto, Ill., and Patricia Michaels of Hilo, Hawaii, received a bachelor of arts degree in business and master of arts degree in communications from Lindenwood University, St. Charles, and works in digital communications for Boeing, St. Louis. Her fiance, son of Thomas Wilcox of St. Ann and Patricia Wilcox of St. Charles, attends Lindenwood University while working in logistics for Ruan, Jonesburg, Mo. The couple lives in O'Fallon, Mo. They plan to be married Sept. 3, 2017, at the National Blues Museum, with reception following in the museum's Lumiere Place Legends Room, continuing the blues theme with music by Big Mike and the All-Stars.  Tags Degree University Work Jennifer Lynn Hausman St. Charles Janice Denham Follow Janice Denham Close Get email notifications on Janice Denham daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Janice Denham posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Janice Denham Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Follow STLBestBridal Since yesterday Past 2 days Past 3 days Past week Past month Past year Any day Range Search Bridal Marketplace Beauty & Health Spas Cakes & Sweet Treats Caterers Ceremony Sites Coordinators Disc Jockeys Florists Gowns & Accessories Guest Accommodations Honeymoons & Destination Weddings Invitations & Announcements Musicians Photography, Videos, Photo Booths Pre-Wedding Parties Reception Sites Registries Rentals & Service Staff Rings & Jewelry Transportation Travel Agents Tuxedos & Formal Wear St. Louis' Best Bridal Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Announcements Features Bridal Marketplace Shows & Events Planning Tools Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Agent Provocateur sale to Sports Direct is a ‘preposterous disgrace to British business', says lingerie brand’s founder Business became unviable after identifying ‘material misstatements’ in its accounts over a number of years that the company’s board, auditors and owners had failed to notice Ben Chapman Friday 3 March 2017 14:15 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Joe Corré branded the deal ‘a phenomenal stitch-up’ Reuters The sale of Agent Provocateur by private equity firm 3i to a company part-owned by Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley is “preposterous” and “a disgrace”, the lingerie brand’s founder has reportedly said. Joe Corré, son of Vivienne Westwood and former Sex Pistols manager Malcolm McLaren, who founded the chain in 1994 told The Guardian: “The pre-pack arrangement between 3i and Mike Ashley’s Sports Direct is a disgrace to British business up there with Sir Philip Green’s shocking behaviour over BHS. “If this preposterous deal goes ahead with Mike Ashley, 3i and their partners are going to face a phenomenal swath of litigation actions. 3i’s reputation is going to be left in tatters. I don’t think they will ever recover from this. This is a phenomenal stitch-up. Read more Sports Direct's Mike Ashley buys Agent Provocateur “Just how 3i have decided the right business model is to deliberately road crash the business to wipe out anything owed to creditors or the taxman is quite unbelievable, when a higher offer on the table avoids them taking such action. This is bad practice at its worst.” Agent Provocateur was sold by consultants Alix Partners through a controversial “pre-pack” deal to Four Holdings, which Mike Ashley part-owns. The structure of the deal means Four Holdings can agree to the sale of the assets before buying the business and putting it into administration. This means the administrator can sell the assets immediately, without consulting the unsecured creditors, who are likely to lose most of their money. In order to pursue a pre-pack, directors must first show that they have exhausted all other options for a sale and the possibility of keeping the business running as a going concern. Read more Agent Provocateur could be heading for administration Agent Provocateur is being lined up for possible sale Paloma Faith opens up about her jobs at Agent Provocateur Investor 3i holding on to its underwear with Agent Provocateur A spokesperson for 3i, which bought Agent Provocateur in 2007, said last year it identified “material misstatements” in the company’s accounts over a number of years that the company’s Board, auditors and 3i as owners, had failed to notice. “It became clear that the business was not sustainable in its current form and the Board appointed Rothschild to seek new investment for the business to allow it to continue as a going concern. Given the scale of the issues this was not possible,” the spokesperson said, adding that 3i had no role in choosing the buyer and does not expect to recover any money from the sale. The move from Mr Ashley is the latest of his efforts to move from Sports Direct’s pile-it-high, sell-it-cheap model. Earlier this month the company bought an 11 per cent stake in struggling fashion chain French Connection. Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 2/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 3/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 4/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 5/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 6/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 7/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 8/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 9/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 10/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 11/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 12/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 13/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 14/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 15/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 16/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 17/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 18/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 19/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 20/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 21/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 22/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 23/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 24/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 25/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 26/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 27/35 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 28/35 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 29/35 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 30/35 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 31/35 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 32/35 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 33/35 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 34/35 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 35/35 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex Mr Corré and his then-wife Serena Rees founded Agent Provocateur in 1994 in Soho’s Broadwick Street, when the area was known for sex shops and prostitution.  Its stated aim was “stimulating, enchanting and arousing” wearers, and it immediately whipped up a media frenzy in a Britain still prudish about sex. More about: Agent Provocateur Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Lockheed's Satellite Boost System Under Air Force Review Lockheed's Satellite Boost System Under Air Force Review Mar 3, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The review has delayed once again the Air Force’s acceptance of Lockheed’s first new Global Positioning System satellite, which is already 34 months late. Lockheed Martin GPS III satellite in environmental testing at the company’s GPS III Processing Facility near Denver Copyright Lockheed Martin Advertisement The U.S. Air Force has opened a review of the propulsion systems used for Lockheed Martin Corp.’s (IW 500/25) military satellites after an undisclosed problem during a recent attempt to boost one into orbit, according to the service. The review has delayed once again the Air Force’s acceptance of Lockheed’s first new Global Positioning System satellite, which is already 34 months late. The most recent delivery goal had been Feb. 28, and the plan remains to launch it by spring of 2018. While there’s no evidence that the propulsion system on the first, $528 million satellite in the new GPS III series has a flaw, the Air Force has decided to keep it in storage at a Lockheed facility “out of an abundance of caution,” Captain AnnMarie Annicelli, an Air Force spokeswoman, said in an email. It was placed into storage “after having successfully completed all planned test and integration activities,” she said. Popular Now 12 Key Strategies to Achieving a Work-Life Balance Five Elements to Include in a Compelling Business Case OEE – Learn How to Use It Right The review of Lockheed’s A2100 propulsion subsystem involves the GPS III -- an improved version of the navigation systems used by the military and civilians worldwide -- as well as the company’s Advanced Extremely-High Frequency communication satellite and its Space Based Infrared early warning satellite, Annicelli said. Matt Kramer, a spokesman for Lockheed’s space systems unit, said in an email “more than 50 Lockheed Martin A2100 bus satellites are operating successfully on orbit.” The Air Force and Lockheed Martin “are thoroughly evaluating” the GPS III’s A2100 system prior to declaring the satellite available for launch, Kramer said. “This review is a standard process for our rigorous systems engineering approach to assure mission success” as the company “is working closely with the Air Force on resolving any concerns about the mission readiness of” the satellite’s propulsion system, he said. The review is focused on operations that boost into proper orbit military satellites that use the contractor’s A2100 system, Annicelli said, declining to provide additional details. Satellites boost themselves into a designated orbit using on-board propulsion systems in what’s called a “transfer orbit operation.” Subsystem Performance Evaluation “This review will assure” that the first GPS III satellite is ready to launch next year, she said. The Air Force’s Space and Missile Systems Center “is currently evaluating subsystem performance" across the three Lockheed satellite programs, she said. “It is not possible to give a definite prediction on how long it will take" to finish the review, she said. The GPS III satellite is far behind its original delivery schedule because of technical flaws, first with its navigation payloads and later with ceramic capacitors, which take higher-voltage power from the satellite’s power system and reduce it to a voltage required for a particular subsystem. Most recently, a mistake by subcontractor Harris Corp. in testing forced another delay in the delivery on the first of the 32 planned GPS III satellites. Might Satellite Competition Reopen? Lockheed has a contract to build the first 10 of the satellites. But the program’s setbacks, including the new review, may affect a pending Air Force decision on whether to open the final 22 satellites to competition from Lockheed rivals Boeing Co. and Northrop Grumman Corp. The Defense Contract Management Agency estimates that the second through eighth satellites that Lockheed is building will be delivered six months to one year later than the Air Force’s schedule, spokesman Mark Woodbury in an email. The Air Force estimates the second satellite will be delivered in February 2018, while the contract agency projects August 2018. The third is scheduled for August 2018 delivery, but the agency says it will be March 2019. The fourth is scheduled for January 2019 by the Air Force and for August 2019 by the agency. The seventh is scheduled for February 2020, but the agency predicts January 2021. The eighth is scheduled for May 2020, while the agency forecasts June 2021. The agency’s dates “are based on a conservative confidence level” while Lockheed is “managing to a more aggressive schedule” and that anticipated deliveries will improve as more lessons are learned in manufacturing, Woodbury said. The difference between the Air Force and agency “is due to different forecasting approaches,” Annicelli said. By Tony Capaccio Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles Lockheed Wins $8.2 Billion F-35 Contract after Trump Intervenes 1 Mattis Orders Review of Lockheed F-35, Boeing Air Force One 1 Trump to Meet With CEOs of Boeing, Lockheed After Criticism 2 SpaceX Sues Air Force, Protests Lack of Competition in Satellite Launch Contracts SpaceX Wins Contract to Launch Satellite for Air Force THE LATEST ExxonMobil Plans $20 Billion in Manufacturing Investments in Gulf Region GM Eyes Autonomous Future with Opel Sale UK Factory Output Highest Since 2013 as Pound Effect Kicks In Volkswagen to Recall over 680,000 Audis in China The Robocalypse Shouldn’t Give You Sleepless Nights Rest of the World Paved the Way for the Next Fed Rate Hike More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Mar 6, 2017 Exclusive IndustryWeek Upskilling the Tech Workforce with ... Science Fiction? Video Games? Race Cars? Upskill CEO Brian Ballard has been a tech geek for decades. Lately, though, the workforce interests him just as much (as if the new name of his company isn’t proof enough). Can new tech like wearables help fill the skills gap and the coming worker shortage?...More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump Knows Investors Want Speedy NAFTA Talks, Canada Says Upskilling the Tech Workforce with ... Science Fiction? Video Games? Race Cars? How to Keep Toxic Substance Inventories EPA Compliant At Tesla, Departures Mount as Carmaker 'Stretched to the Limit' The Upside of Speaking Up IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Connected Quality Management Accelerating Global Industrial Productivity with The Connected Enterprise Intelligent Ingredients Taking Measures: Helping Ensure Mobile Device Security Pay Now, Save Later: The Business Case for Rugged Devices More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Toggle navigation Crosscut.com Politics State Local Government Environment National Transportation Education Social Justice Public Safety Urban Planning Non Profits Crime Culture Arts Heritage Media Sports Food Books Faith Design Mossback Tech & Biz Enterprise Aerospace Civic Tech Internet Startups Medicine Green Tech Bio Tech Small Business About Events Search for: Sign Up Donate Search Crosscut: Submit Signup for Crosscut Updates Sign Up Donate to Crosscut: Submit Support Crosscut State Friday 3, March 2017 State immigrant protections no match for Trump by Tom James Washington State Governor Jay Inslee shakes the hand of Shaykh Umair Ahmad of Mihraab Foundation during the Hate Free Washington rally at Seattle Center on Dec. 19. Credit: Matt Mills McKnight With an executive order from the governor, a lawsuit and a trio of bills, Democratic leaders in Olympia have shaped a response to President Donald Trump’s immigration agenda that is notable for its loud resistance on multiple fronts. But the response, other than the lawsuit, also is stopping short of action taken in some other states. Gov. Jay Inslee’s executive order, which he rolled out last week, bars state agencies like the Washington State Patrol from taking part in immigration crackdowns targeting non-criminals. It came out of the same closed-door discussions among Democrats in Olympia that produced three bills in the state House the week before, including one that would set a narrower version of the same prohibition into law. And Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson made national and even international news when, alongside Inslee, he launched a lawsuit that has blocked the key parts of the Trump executive order freezing immigration and refugee flows from seven majority-Muslim nations. Elected officials here have been clear that they are still assessing how to respond to the Trump adiminstration, which is still in its early days. But many have been quick to praise their leadership. The Nation gave Inslee prominent place in a story headlined, “West Coast politicians are fighting back against Donald Trump.” And Inslee couldn’t resist a little state pride while talking with KCTS 9’s Enrique Cerna last month about the lawsuit, saying, “I’m glad that … we’ve got courage in this state to show the way to the rest of the country. But, as aggressive as the state’s moves are, each also displays a clear limit, and with the exception of Ferguson’s lawsuit, stops short of action taken in at least some other state. Together, they point to a question of how deeply officials are interested in wading into a fight against Trump that may stray from the photogenic and into more ambiguous territory where state powers and options for challenging federal action are unclear. Among those questions: What to do about reports of federal agents checking papers at a bus terminal in Spokane, or the prospect of a return to George W. Bush-era immigration checkpoints on the Olympic Peninsula? So far, it’s unclear whether the Trump administration may want to return some of the most aggressive tactics used by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol such as the checkpoints, which were the subject of controversy in 2008 and 2009. But the Spokane episode, verified by the Northwest Immigrants Rights Project, and an apparent increase in detentions by Immigration and Customs Enforcement, both raise worrying questions about activities that could have deeper day-to-day impacts  than Trump’s ignominiously failed immigration order. “We are definitely seeing an increase in activity from ICE,” said Jorge Barón, head of the Northwest Immigrants’ Rights Project, the only non-government group that is able to regularly meet with detainees facing deportation in the state. So far, much of that has meant targeting those with pre-existing deportation orders, but the agency apparently has also shifted to frequently detaining those who happen to be nearby when ICE agents show up. According to Barón and other advocates, that means people without records are being swept up for being without documentation in the wrong place at the wrong time. And Barón said his organization received multiple reports of Border Patrol agents stationing themselves near a public bus terminal in Spokane earlier this month, and periodically pulling people off of buses. The actions taken by state officials, while bold, so far largely sidestep any direct approach to increased ICE raids, or the kind of activity by the Border Patrol that Barón describes. Instead, they sketch out an approach geared toward pre-empting any coordination between federal and state agencies on immigration, and taking specific, limited steps to shield migrants at the state level. And with one exception, they avoid actively assisting migrants, especially the undocumented.   There are few clear avenues by which the state can directly resist Trump’s orders. Laws that target immigrants are typically federal, meaning that as with the president’s executive order, fighting them directly requires a lawsuit. And states challenging federal laws often are at a disadvantage since, under the Constitution, they generally rank below the U.S. government in powers. At the same time, however, examples exist of other states — and especially one other state — doing more. Inslee’s recent executive order bars state agencies from sharing immigration-related information with federal authorities, assisting federal agents in arresting immigrants who haven’t committed crimes, or helping set up any religious database. The three bills in the state House move in the same direction. Based according to one of the bill’s sponsors on the same internal discussions that shaped Inslee’s order, they propose limiting information-sharing that could facilitate a religious registry, appointing guardians to immigrant minors left in the country when their parents are forced to leave, and establishing a hotline for immigrants to report bias crimes and connect with legal assistance. Yet, while a hotline is the subject of one of the three House bills, the proposal’s fate is an open question, and the idea that creating such a hotline requires an act of the Legislature is an example of caution in the extreme: The attorney general of Massachusetts created one to track hate and bias incidents less than a week after the November election. While the FBI tracks hate crimes around the country, advocates described a variety of less serious incidents that aren’t tracked, ranging from graffiti to the harassment of women wearing hijabs. Anecdotal reports point to an increase. Sharon Ortiz, director of the Washington State Human Rights Commission, the agency that would administer the proposed hotline, said, “There’s more incidents that we’re hearing about now.” Colleen Melody, head of the 12-person civil rights unit within the Washington Attorney General’s Office, said that the unit does have a toll-free number for civil rights complaints. But instead of being live, the number leads callers to a voicemail that is then checked by staff later. Another strategy for directly assisting immigrants that has been embraced around the country is the creation of legal defense funds. Immigrants facing deportation aren’t entitled to an attorney Immigrants facing deportation aren’t entitled to an attorney the way criminal defendants are, but following Trump’s election, city councils in Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Washington, D.C., have pledged funds ranging between $500,000 and $10 million to pay for defense attorneys for immigrants caught in a crackdown. All of it might be easy to dismiss if another state hadn’t already checked both boxes — plus one more — less than a month after Trump’s election. By Nov. 20, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo had launched a toll-free hotline for bias incidents, set up a legal defense fund for immigrants, and established a dedicated unit within the New York State Patrol to investigate bias and hate crimes. Inslee has demonstrated the power of his office in the past. Last year he famously launched a late-night blockade, threatening to veto every bill sent to him until the Legislature completed budget negotiations and authorized a school funding task force. And in 2013 he even forced legislators to return to the Capitol in November for a special session with one goal: rewriting tax breaks for Boeing. For now, however, that power is one he appears content to wield strategically. And, while Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson has received praise nationally and abroad for both his courage and legal tactics in the state’s dramatic success in blocking Trump’s immigration order, there’s another step he hasn’t taken: So far, his office hasn’t filed an amicus brief in the case of Daniel Ramirez Medina, the Mexican citizen and Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals beneficiary picked up by ICE last month. While an attorney general is generally only able to get directly involved in cases that affect the state’s interests, an amicus brief is a common way for third parties to offer their opinion to a court, and can influence the outcome.   Perhaps ironically, the question of how to respond to Trump on specifics may be one that looms larger for state leaders if Trump starts thinking smaller. With the stifling of his most dramatic executive order, Trump could turn to avenues — like formal and informal directions to agencies to increase certain types of enforcement, or coordinating with congressional leaders to push an expansion of deportable offenses — that would stand up to legal challenges. That would test exactly how far officials including Inslee and Ferguson are willing to follow Trump into the weeds of, say, pushing back against increased actions by the Border Patrol within the 100 mile radius of the border where they have special legal powers. Even if state police don’t get involved with helping them, federal agents can — and already do — arrest people in, for instance, the middle of downtown Seattle. Inslee and Ferguson were unavailable to comment Thursday afternoon for this story, but spokespersons from both offices defended their efforts. “While there’s plenty of credit to go around, I’m sure I don’t need to remind you that the Washington State Attorney General’s Office filed the first lawsuit on behalf of the state,” wrote a spokesperson from Ferguson’s office in an email, noting that the injunction it won is still in effect. The spokesperson also pointed to past legal cases enhancing general legal protections for migrants. Along with his executive order, wrote a spokesperson from Inslee’s office, “Governor Inslee has also been on record, numerous times, in strong support of protections for immigrants and refugees dating back long before President Trump.” The law is fairly clear in limiting the governor’s direct power over cities and counties — including local police — so long as they follow state law. So, while he has set an example of the approach he favors and has spoken of the public-safety value of having immigrants unafraid of their local police, it’s up to cities how their police operate. With a crowded calendar, the Legislature may not get around to changing state law to protect immigrants. But what is available to both Inslee and Ferguson, as independently elected officials is the ability to start initiatives, assign staff and set up task forces within their own offices. Either one, for example, could start or help start a staffed hotline to answer basic questions and connect immigrants with legal help from nonprofits around the state. Either one could also direct their staff to begin the work of tracking not only hate crimes, but also bias incidents around the state, something lawmakers and advocates alike expressed surprise isn’t already being done. And either one could use their bully pulpits, magnified by airtime on national TV news, to start the conversation now about what advocates consider the very real prospect of increased enforcement action that falls within the scope of existing law. They could talk about whether the state is ready to accept the idea of agents at bus stations pulling people aside for questioning based on some set of assumptions around skin complexion. For now, it’s clear is that the state is responding to Trump, and doing so in ways that anger his supporters in Washington and elsewhere. Inslee’s executive order sets clear limits on cooperation by state personnel — especially the State Patrol — with ICE, and Ferguson’s lawsuit set a national precedent for responding to orders of questionable constitutionality. Whether or not those two moves put Washington in the lead of the liberal movement to resist the president, though, seems an open question. Read more about: News analysis Show comments + - Like this article? Help us write more like it. Donate Tom James Tom James is a feature writer and photographer from Kingston, Washington, who has reported from Seattle, Olympia, Guatemala, Jordan, and the Olympic Peninsula on topics ranging from drug use in the Navy to the silent epidemic of PTSD among refugees and what happens when fathers are deported. You can find his contact information at http://www.tom-james.net More Articles by Tom James Get More Articles Like This Sign Up Support Crosscut You May Also Like March 6, 2017 Ferguson: We saw Trump in court, and we conquered by John Stang National March 6, 2017 The loser bills in Washington Legislature by Tom James State March 1, 2017 Avoiding the truth about lead poisoning can hurt WA kids by John Stang Environment February 28, 2017 Confirmed: Republicans were $1 billion short on school funding by Tom James Education Support Crosscut Get More Articles Like This Sign Up Our Sponsors Our Sponsors Support Crosscut Crosscut.com Politics Culture Tech & Biz Events About Contact © 2017 Crosscut.com, All rights reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Snapchat IPO CERAWeek SXSW Trader Talk CNBC Disruptor 50 Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: COST, BIG, EXPE, GPRO, DPS, ADSK & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 7:55 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Costco — Shares of the warehouse retailer were under pressure after the company missed estimates with its latest numbers and announced plans to raise its membership fees. Costco earned $1.17 per share for its latest quarter, 19 cents shy of forecasts, while revenue was very slightly below estimates. Big Lots — The discount retailer reported adjusted quarterly profit of $2.26 per share, beating estimates by 4 cents, though revenue was slightly below forecasts. Same-store sales were up 0.3 percent, shy of the consensus Thomson Reuters estimate of 1.2 percent. Expedia — Citi upgraded the travel website operator's stock to "neutral" from "sell," expressing more confidence in Expedia's ability to grow its hotel business. GoPro — Citi began coverage on the high-definition camera maker with a "sell" rating, citing market saturation and an overall decline for standalone imaging products. Dr Pepper Snapple — The beverage maker was upgraded to "buy" from "hold" at Jefferies, based largely on hopes for its November acquisition of Bai Brands and its antioxidant-infused beverages. Autodesk — Autodesk lost 28 cents per share for its latest quarter, smaller than the 34 cent loss forecast by analysts. Revenue beat forecast, but the business software maker is forecasting a bigger than expected current quarter loss. However, the company said its moves to control costs and continue its shift to a subscription-only model are going well. WPP Group — WPP cut its sales forecast for this year, with the world's largest advertising company citing a very competitive ad market. Lockheed Martin — Lockheed is holding conversations with the governments of Spain, Switzerland, and Belgium about potential sales of its F-35 fighter jets. Caterpillar — Caterpillar is on watch for a second day, after the stock fell Thursday on news that law enforcement officials had searched three of its facilities. In a statement issued after the Thursday closing bell, the heavy equipment maker said it believed the searches were related to profits earned by a Swiss parts subsidiary. Boeing — Boeing unions confirmed earlier reports that the aircraft maker was offering voluntary buyouts, saying more than 1,800 workers have accepted buyout packages. AstraZeneca, Sanofi — The drugmakers struck a joint venture deal to develop a vaccine for lower respiratory tract illness. Snap — Snap had a successful IPO debut, finishing its first day of trading at $24.48 per share after pricing at $17. Atlantic Equities has downgraded the stock to "underweight" from "neutral," citing valuation, a day after Pivotal Research initiated coverage with a "sell" rating and set a $10 price target. Kroger — Kroger was removed from the "Conviction Buy" list at Goldman Sachs, with the firm citing increasing competition for the supermarket operator, although Goldman is maintaining a "buy" rating on the stock. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Costco Hiking Membership Fees as Earnings Miss Estimates Starting June 1st, Costco's annual membership fees will go up $5 to $60. Jane King Mar 3, 2017 7:16 AM EST Starting June 1st, annual membership fees will go up $5 to $60. The hike at Costco (COST)  comes as the retailer reported earnings that missed Wall Street expectations. Traders will be watching for comments from Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen today. She is set to speak on the economic outlook at the Executives Club of Chicago. Increasingly, market watchers are expecting the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates this month. Boeing (BA) has accepted 1880 voluntary layoffs from its union machinists and engineers in the Seattle-Tacoma area. The jet maker is looking to cut costs through job reductions and other measures. Boeing offered the buyouts in December as part of an 8% workforce reduction. The ISM non-manufacturing index is reported. Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer speaks today. If you liked this article you might like There's a Fierce Food Fight Happening in the Grocery Store Industry and Costco Is a Victim Here is why you should avoid Costco shares. William Romov Mar 6, 2017 11:34 AM EST Costco -- Great Firm, Bad Price Why you shouldn't put Costco in your shopping cart. Paul Price Mar 6, 2017 7:00 AM EST Huge Companies Are Being Very Quiet on Profit Impact From Looming International Women's Day Strikes International Women's Day on March 8 could hurt many consumer companies. Michelle Lodge Mar 5, 2017 10:43 AM EST Costco Has Just Made It More Expensive for 35 Million People to Shop for Giant Mustard Bottles The day has finally arrived, unfortunately. Brian Sozzi Mar 4, 2017 3:20 PM EST Trending 9 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores European Stocks Called Higher As Markets Get Boost From U.S. Government Focus NASA Telescope Discovers Three Habitable-Zone Planets, and These Companies Want to Take You to Them 15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol Cramer: Top 10 Bull Markets Right Now (Part 1) Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Zero Hours Contracts hit a new record but there might be grounds for optimism The rate of increase slowed dramatically in the second half of 2016 according to an analysis by the Resolution Foundation James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Friday 3 March 2017 12:35 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Sports Direct: The controversy over its use of zero hours contracts may have slowed their growth Reuters You could be forgiven for thinking that the controversy surrounding zero hours contracts (ZHCs) is having zero impact on the employers that exploit their staff through their use.  The figures just released by the Resolution Foundation appear to make for grim reading: The number of workers on them reached an all time high of 910,000 during the final three months of 2016. The Foundation's analysis found that the number of people on a ZHC over that period grew by more than 100,000 when compared with the last three months of 2015 – an increase of 13 per cent. Read more Surge in insecure work costs UK £4bn in lost taxes Zero hours contract staff earn £1,000 a year less TUC right to attack rising tide of zero-hours misery Based on that, you might expect the symbolically important barrier of 1m to soon be breached, perhaps in a matter of weeks.  However, there are some chinks of light to be found within the Resolution report.  While the year on year rise makes it look like this potentially exploitative form of employment is growing like President Donald Trump’s ego, the rate of increase in the second half of this year, when compared to the first half, slowed markedly.  In fact the number of ZHCs grew by just 7,000 over that time period, a rise of just 0.8 per cent. That represents a sharp slowdown when set against the 7.7 per cent growth recorded during the second half of 2015 and would suggest that we might have to wait a while for the 1m barrier to be broken after all. The increase was also slightly slower than the rate of employment growth across the economy during that period. So the proportion of the overall workforce on zero hours fell, albeit very slightly. The Foundation says that this is the first time that ZHCs haven’t grown substantially faster than overall employment since they first became a part of the public debate back in 2013. What's causing this? The Foundation wonders whether part of the reason might be that employers have started to react to concerns that they may find roles without guaranteed hours harder to fill as a result of the Government's hard line stance towards Brexit. However, that may result in a slowdown in hiring generally, so it isn't altogether clear and some have predicted a fresh jump in zero hours contracts as a result of the economic damage it will cause. There are other factors driving the fall in zero hours. Public awareness about them and about their exploitative nature, may be putting workers off from pursuing and accepting zero hours jobs. It is also true that firms deploying them have endured considerable reputational damage. The scandalous events at Sports Direct over the last couple of years have provided a salutary lesson to the business community. Treating your workers badly can rebound on you and damage your business.  Sports Direct had little choice but to respond, by offering its workers better. Others have followed suit and still more, who might have been considering a greater use of ZHCs, have been given pause for thought. So is the problem on the way to being solved? Not necessarily.  We don’t yet know whether the slowdown in the second half of last year will be sustained. There are grounds for cautious optimism, but they will be shattered if it proves to be just a blip.  Zero hours contracts started to become problematic when they were made part of the operating models of companies in sectors where they had not previously existed, or had only limited use, such as retail. However, there are economic drivers for their growth in certain other sectors, such as social care, which is in the midst of a profound funding crisis that badly needs addressing.  Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 2/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 3/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 4/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 5/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 6/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 7/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 8/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 9/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 10/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 11/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 12/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 13/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 14/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 15/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 16/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 17/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 18/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 19/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 20/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 21/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 22/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 23/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 24/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 25/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 26/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 27/35 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 28/35 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 29/35 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 30/35 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 31/35 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 32/35 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 33/35 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 34/35 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 35/35 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex Government inaction created that crisis, and there is no room for it to be complacent on the subject of zero hours more generally.  It should be said that zero hours contracts are acceptable in limited circumstances; where there is a genuine need on the part of the employer, and a desire for flexibility on the part of the employee. And where employees are not punished by losing the opportunity for hours when they are available if they have needed to call on that flexibility.  But we need to get back to that being the norm, rather than the exception, and despite the glimmer of light provided by Resolution’s figures, we’re not there yet.    More about: zero hours Resolution Foundation Sports Direct adult social care zero hours contracts Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About VIDEO Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Goodyear's spherical tyre uses 'bionic skin' and AI to adapt to the road Goodyear's spherical tyre uses 'bionic skin' and AI to adapt to the road Cars 1 hour ago Land Rover's bespoke Discovery comes with a drone to help emergency services Land Rover's bespoke Discovery comes with a drone to help emergency services Land Rover 4 minutes ago This Alphabet-backed lab wants to replace drugs with electrical implants This Alphabet-backed lab wants to replace drugs with electrical implants WIRED Health 2017 1 hour ago WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for March 7 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for March 7 Space 1 hour ago Sonos Playbase - the speaker for your TV that will make you want to bin your Playbar Sonos Playbase - the speaker for your TV that will make you want to bin your Playbar Sonos 4 hours ago Prehistoric ancestor of leukaemia is found in 45-million-year-old bat species Prehistoric ancestor of leukaemia is found in 45-million-year-old bat species Leukaemia 1 day ago The future of AI is neuromorphic. Meet the scientists building digital 'brains' for your phone The future of AI is neuromorphic. Meet the scientists building digital 'brains' for your phone Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago Nasa wants to put a giant magnetic shield around Mars so humans can live there Nasa wants to put a giant magnetic shield around Mars so humans can live there Mars 1 day ago How tech giants are using AI to prevent self-harm and suicide How tech giants are using AI to prevent self-harm and suicide Facebook 1 day ago 18 new genes have been linked to autism spectrum disorder 18 new genes have been linked to autism spectrum disorder Autism 1 day ago Matt Eagles has had Parkinson's since he was 7. A brain implant gave him back his life Matt Eagles has had Parkinson's since he was 7. A brain implant gave him back his life WIRED Health 2017 1 day ago Porsche's Sport Turismo is a stylish, spacious estate car Porsche's Sport Turismo is a stylish, spacious estate car Porsche 1 day ago Stephen Hawking, Buzz Aldrin and Oliver Stone to speak at Starmus 2017 Stephen Hawking, Buzz Aldrin and Oliver Stone to speak at Starmus 2017 Promotions 1 day ago Nintendo Switch launch issues: saving problems, Joy-Con fails, and dead pixels Nintendo Switch launch issues: saving problems, Joy-Con fails, and dead pixels Gaming 1 day ago WhatsApp expands its self-destructing Status tool. Here's how to use it WhatsApp expands its self-destructing Status tool. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Geneva Motor Show 2017: the biggest announcements from this year's event Geneva Motor Show 2017: the biggest announcements from this year's event Geneva Motor Show 13 minutes ago Facebook is finally testing a 'dislike' button (but only in Messenger) Facebook is finally testing a 'dislike' button (but only in Messenger) Messenger 1 day ago From Mars Rovers to Volvo sedans: how HoloLens is revolutionising industry From Mars Rovers to Volvo sedans: how HoloLens is revolutionising industry Hololens 1 day ago Hunting the DNC hackers: how Crowdstrike found proof Russia hacked the Democrats Hunting the DNC hackers: how Crowdstrike found proof Russia hacked the Democrats Cybersecurity 1 day ago Mars was struck by mega-floods 3 billion years ago, images reveal Mars was struck by mega-floods 3 billion years ago, images reveal Mars 1 day ago Flying the F-35B: inside BAE's secret war machine simulator tucked away in a quiet UK village Flying the F-35B: inside BAE's secret war machine simulator tucked away in a quiet UK village Video 3 days ago What it's really like to race in the world's fastest four-seater (spoiler: it's not pretty) What it's really like to race in the world's fastest four-seater (spoiler: it's not pretty) Bentley 4 days ago Ethiopia's Dallol salt dome could reveal how life first formed on Earth Ethiopia's Dallol salt dome could reveal how life first formed on Earth WIRED Big Picture 1 day ago Elon's empire: the sprawling, intertwining web of Elon Musk's vested interests Elon's empire: the sprawling, intertwining web of Elon Musk's vested interests Elon Musk 3 days ago Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - tips and tricks to survive Hyrule Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - tips and tricks to survive Hyrule Zelda 3 days ago Nintendo Switch's eShop is live - here are the games you can buy Nintendo Switch's eShop is live - here are the games you can buy Nintendo Switch 3 days ago Why PlayStation, Xbox and Oculus Rift fans owe their gaming lives to Nintendo Why PlayStation, Xbox and Oculus Rift fans owe their gaming lives to Nintendo Nintendo Switch 3 days ago How Big Ben bongs: lasers reveal the secrets of the bell's distinctive sound How Big Ben bongs: lasers reveal the secrets of the bell's distinctive sound Lasers 4 days ago Studying swarms of ants could help speed up your commute Studying swarms of ants could help speed up your commute Ideas Bank 19 Feb 2017 Sexism in Silicon Valley: the true extent of gender disparity in the tech industry Sexism in Silicon Valley: the true extent of gender disparity in the tech industry Sexism 06 Feb 2017 The best Nintendo Switch games The best Nintendo Switch games Gaming 5 days ago Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Donald Trump 26 Jan 2017 The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video Amazon Prime 17 Feb 2017 The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division Brexit 07 Jan 2017 The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now Netflix 24 Feb 2017 Robot Wars is back on TV: We went behind the scenes Robot Wars is back on TV: We went behind the scenes Robot Wars 04 Mar 2016 The best tech, science and culture podcasts for your commute The best tech, science and culture podcasts for your commute Podcast 22 Feb 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Goodyear's spherical tyre uses 'bionic skin' and AI to adapt to the road Goodyear's spherical tyre uses 'bionic skin' and AI to adapt to the road Cars 1 hour ago Land Rover's bespoke Discovery comes with a drone to help emergency services Land Rover's bespoke Discovery comes with a drone to help emergency services Land Rover 4 minutes ago This Alphabet-backed lab wants to replace drugs with electrical implants This Alphabet-backed lab wants to replace drugs with electrical implants WIRED Health 2017 1 hour ago WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for March 7 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for March 7 Space 1 hour ago Sonos Playbase - the speaker for your TV that will make you want to bin your Playbar Sonos Playbase - the speaker for your TV that will make you want to bin your Playbar Sonos 4 hours ago Prehistoric ancestor of leukaemia is found in 45-million-year-old bat species Prehistoric ancestor of leukaemia is found in 45-million-year-old bat species Leukaemia 1 day ago The future of AI is neuromorphic. Meet the scientists building digital 'brains' for your phone The future of AI is neuromorphic. Meet the scientists building digital 'brains' for your phone Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago Nasa wants to put a giant magnetic shield around Mars so humans can live there Nasa wants to put a giant magnetic shield around Mars so humans can live there Mars 1 day ago How tech giants are using AI to prevent self-harm and suicide How tech giants are using AI to prevent self-harm and suicide Facebook 1 day ago 18 new genes have been linked to autism spectrum disorder 18 new genes have been linked to autism spectrum disorder Autism 1 day ago Matt Eagles has had Parkinson's since he was 7. A brain implant gave him back his life Matt Eagles has had Parkinson's since he was 7. A brain implant gave him back his life WIRED Health 2017 1 day ago Porsche's Sport Turismo is a stylish, spacious estate car Porsche's Sport Turismo is a stylish, spacious estate car Porsche 1 day ago Stephen Hawking, Buzz Aldrin and Oliver Stone to speak at Starmus 2017 Stephen Hawking, Buzz Aldrin and Oliver Stone to speak at Starmus 2017 Promotions 1 day ago Nintendo Switch launch issues: saving problems, Joy-Con fails, and dead pixels Nintendo Switch launch issues: saving problems, Joy-Con fails, and dead pixels Gaming 1 day ago WhatsApp expands its self-destructing Status tool. Here's how to use it WhatsApp expands its self-destructing Status tool. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Geneva Motor Show 2017: the biggest announcements from this year's event Geneva Motor Show 2017: the biggest announcements from this year's event Geneva Motor Show 13 minutes ago Facebook is finally testing a 'dislike' button (but only in Messenger) Facebook is finally testing a 'dislike' button (but only in Messenger) Messenger 1 day ago From Mars Rovers to Volvo sedans: how HoloLens is revolutionising industry From Mars Rovers to Volvo sedans: how HoloLens is revolutionising industry Hololens 1 day ago Hunting the DNC hackers: how Crowdstrike found proof Russia hacked the Democrats Hunting the DNC hackers: how Crowdstrike found proof Russia hacked the Democrats Cybersecurity 1 day ago Mars was struck by mega-floods 3 billion years ago, images reveal Mars was struck by mega-floods 3 billion years ago, images reveal Mars 1 day ago Flying the F-35B: inside BAE's secret war machine simulator tucked away in a quiet UK village Flying the F-35B: inside BAE's secret war machine simulator tucked away in a quiet UK village Video 3 days ago What it's really like to race in the world's fastest four-seater (spoiler: it's not pretty) What it's really like to race in the world's fastest four-seater (spoiler: it's not pretty) Bentley 4 days ago Ethiopia's Dallol salt dome could reveal how life first formed on Earth Ethiopia's Dallol salt dome could reveal how life first formed on Earth WIRED Big Picture 1 day ago Elon's empire: the sprawling, intertwining web of Elon Musk's vested interests Elon's empire: the sprawling, intertwining web of Elon Musk's vested interests Elon Musk 3 days ago Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - tips and tricks to survive Hyrule Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - tips and tricks to survive Hyrule Zelda 3 days ago Nintendo Switch's eShop is live - here are the games you can buy Nintendo Switch's eShop is live - here are the games you can buy Nintendo Switch 3 days ago Why PlayStation, Xbox and Oculus Rift fans owe their gaming lives to Nintendo Why PlayStation, Xbox and Oculus Rift fans owe their gaming lives to Nintendo Nintendo Switch 3 days ago How Big Ben bongs: lasers reveal the secrets of the bell's distinctive sound How Big Ben bongs: lasers reveal the secrets of the bell's distinctive sound Lasers 4 days ago Studying swarms of ants could help speed up your commute Studying swarms of ants could help speed up your commute Ideas Bank 19 Feb 2017 Sexism in Silicon Valley: the true extent of gender disparity in the tech industry Sexism in Silicon Valley: the true extent of gender disparity in the tech industry Sexism 06 Feb 2017 The best Nintendo Switch games The best Nintendo Switch games Gaming 5 days ago Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Donald Trump 26 Jan 2017 The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video Amazon Prime 17 Feb 2017 The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division Brexit 07 Jan 2017 The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now The best Netflix series and Original shows to watch right now Netflix 24 Feb 2017 Robot Wars is back on TV: We went behind the scenes Robot Wars is back on TV: We went behind the scenes Robot Wars 04 Mar 2016 The best tech, science and culture podcasts for your commute The best tech, science and culture podcasts for your commute Podcast 22 Feb 2017 Video Flying the F-35B: inside BAE's secret war machine simulator tucked away in a quiet UK village WIRED visits BAE Systems' Warton base in Lancashire, where the military contractor recently installed an F35-B simulator By Liat Clark 3 days ago BAE Systems By Liat Clark Friday 3 March 2017 Imagine being tasked with landing an aircraft in a way that’s never been attempted before, on a carrier you've never seen. Now imagine that aircraft is a 1,199mph, $100 million jet, and the carrier is the £3.1 billion, 280-metre-long pride of the Royal Navy. Even seasoned pilots with a constitution of graphene might take issue with that prospect. So they come to a small Lancashire village to practice what is not yet a reality. Here, in Warton, the ocean undulates with hypnotic rhythm all around us. It would be soothing if it were not for that jet engine roaring beneath us, seeming to echo off the waters. It’s the sound of BAE Systems’ £2 million F-35B simulator, a highly secretive (WIRED was not allowed to photograph the control screen) and realistic training model finished in February for British pilots who come here to practice landings. The massive curved 360-degree screens fill the domed room around the ‘jet’, completing the oceanic mirage. Shipborne rolling vertical landings (SRVL) have never been attempted with the F-35B, and cannot be attempted until the HMS Queen Elizabeth carrier - the future home of the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force fleet of F-35Bs - is unveiled in 2018. ADVERTISEMENT “The only place you can do it right now is here, in this facility, where we get to see the ship and the aircraft in intricate detail,” Pete 'Wizzer' Wilson, BAE Systems’ test pilot, tells WIRED. His job is to make sure the simulator is as close to the real thing as possible, and he’s uniquely equipped to do this as a test pilot of the F-35B and F-35C which he's been flying out of Maryland in the US for the past six years. So far, he's having trouble finding fault with it. READ NEXT Step inside the Holy Land's startup scene in the second series of WIRED's Future Cities Step inside the Holy Land's startup scene in the second series of WIRED's Future Cities By Victoria Woollaston “There have been some minor things - the guys are working from drawings and diagrams so we have this disconnect between what they do with the drawings and what I’ve seen with the real thing, because, of course, it’s highly restricted - you can’t just go look into the F-35 cockpit.” In particular, Wilson says the best bits of flying the F-35B can’t be fully replicated in the simulator; the thrill of hovering alongside a ship, for instance, is Wilson’s favourite part and can only be appreciated in the real world. The dome, however, does allow test pilots to focus on scenes at a greater distance than most simulators and provides realistic details in their peripheral vision - waves, for instance, and other visual and audio cues - that can make the worst parts of supersonic jet flight seem unforgivingly real. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT What's really inside the deep sea internet cables that keep us all online? What's really inside the deep sea internet cables that keep us all online? By Matthew Reynolds "I close my eyes and I shy away because I can’t watch it - it’s so real it’s like I’m just about to die" Pete 'Wizzer' Wilson, BAE Systems test pilot “You can become so immersed in it, it's like a virtual reality. You believe you’re there, that’s the power of a simulator of this quality. It’s quite awesome, quite effective, quite emotional,” continues Wilson. “Crashing an aeroplane is a hideous thing for a pilot to even contemplate but we occasionally end up with a situation where we are going to crash [in the simulation] and I’ll see the engineers with eyes wide open watching the crash. I can’t do it. I can’t watch the crash. I close my eyes and I shy away because I can’t watch it, because it’s so real it’s like I’m just about to die, even though I’m in the simulator.” ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it By Matt Burgess The simulator is designed to let pilots practice, over and over, the hardest parts of their takeoff and landing on the HMS Queen Elizabeth, to mitigate those risks. It also helps with the more mundane aspects of navigating around a 280-metre-long carrier and its many moving parts, and the details of how all the communications networks onboard will eventually work together. “We focus on the areas where we think the risk is greatest or there is most to be learnt,” says Wilson. “Most of the time we’re testing the final stages of that SRVL landing with a lot of ship motion, that’s really the majority of the time. Different configurations of weapons, friction on the flight deck where it’s slippery, oil that can still contaminates this new surface.” The F-35 is built to do a short take-off and vertical landing (STOVL), the move previously made infamous in the Royal Navy by the Harrier jet, which Wilson also flew. He has 100 vertical landings under his belt as a former Royal Navy pilot, but the British forces have opted for a far riskier, but ultimately more rewarding, type of landing. Vertical landings, where the jet comes in at a hover and gradually touches down, work by using all the aircraft’s thrust. But the jet is capable of a finite amount of thrust, which means there is a finite amount of weight it can support in the air while doing this. The result is that US F-35s operating the vertical landing are either carrying less weaponry during training exercises, or dropping munitions in the sea before coming back in to land. Carrier simulator BAE Systems READ NEXT Highlights from day two of WIRED2016 Highlights from day two of WIRED2016 “The UK decided it wanted to be able to bring back a higher level of payload than the F-35B can hover with, which is quite a major problem because it was not designed to do that,” says Wilson. “So we had to come up with a new type of manoeuvre.” The SRVL works by keeping ‘forward speed’ on, so the wings are operating to provide some lift. “The Americans have decided they don’t need to employ this new type of landing yet but I think it’s a matter of time before they will start deploying similar capabilities. Over the years, America has adopted many of our inventions, way back in the 1940s, 50s and 60s. They are very much reliant on many of our inventions, and this may be a similar case.” This is a good justification for what has been one of the most anticipated - and oft times most controversial - pieces of equipment in modern military history. Anticipated because the F-35 is slated to replace the majority of the US airforce’s fleet and form the centrepiece of the UK’s Royal Navy and Royal Air Force from 2018. Controversial because of the cost and delays associated with it. Globally, it has been reported the F-35 project will cost $1.5 trillion in its lifetime, with the UK's order of 138 F-35s running into tens of billions of pounds. This makes it the most expensive single military project, ever. Before taking office, president Donald Trump tweeted his disdain for the spiralling costs of the fleet and threatened to commission competitor Boeing instead (Lockheed Martin is the main maunfacturer, with BAE Systems and others contributing). He has since falsely taken credit for the lowered costs of the F-35 programme - the Pentagon had already announced a saving of $600 million. Delays in production, and problems with the jet's 'brains', the Autonomic Logistics Information System (Alis) software, have also led to cost increases. Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016 READ NEXT Toca Boca's poop joke-fuelled TV revolution is going global Toca Boca's poop joke-fuelled TV revolution is going global By James Temperton But the decision to buy the F-35B was tied in with the UK’s long history of wanting, as Wilson calls it, “the biggest bang for their buck”. There are inherent risks with the SRVL landing, which is only possible because of the size of the flight deck on HMS Queen Elizabeth. Risks like, the jet falling off the deck when it comes in to land. “You might have a slippery deck, or you’re too close to the front, or the engine doesn’t go idle at the right time - there are several things that can happen and you’re just going to drop off the front and lose the airplane. So this is why it’s super important to do this level of engineering to make sure we are safe in every respect that we can possibly understand before we go out and execute it.” All of these aspects of the landing, are trialled in the simulator. Everything from the weather conditions, traction on the deck and the weight of the aircraft can be manipulated. Prepare for vertical landing with the next-gen F-35B jet Prepare for vertical landing with the next-gen F-35B jet Rolls-Royce 03 Jan 2012 READ NEXT Sky launches VR app with sports, ballet and Disney videos Sky launches VR app with sports, ballet and Disney videos By Amelia Heathman The F-35 simulator works in conjunction with a second 360-degree simulator located in the same facility, which mirrors the flight from air traffic control’s point of view on the carrier. As a direct result of sims like these working together, facets of the HMS Queen Elizabeth have already been modified ahead of its 2018 unveiling. The ski ramp was altered to account for the weight change, for example (F-35s weigh 60,000 pounds to a Harrier’s 30,000 pounds), and lights on the deck have been modified to make landing safer. “If you have a carrier that’s moving up and down on the water, and you’re trying to land on it; if you’re coming down a fixed glide path and not trying to go up and down with it which is awkward, it’s unpredictable where you’re going to touch down,” explains Wilson. “If the carrier is low you might land very long, remember we talked about the possibility of running off the end?” The new lighting system flashes on and off, up and down the deck in such a way that the pilot always has a fixed point to aim for, no matter the movement of the ship or the weather. “It’s the reason why we bothered with this,” Wilson says, indicating to the simulator. “If it’s done properly, you learn so much.” The UK has not had a carrier of the magnitude of HMS Queen Elizabeth since the HMS Illustrious was decommissioned in 2014. Since then, a helicopter carrier has taken over and jet pilots have been on an exchange programme to the US to keep their skills up. When HMS Queen Elizabeth is finally unveiled it will be the largest operational carrier the Royal Navy has ever had, with another controversial price tag to match - the carrier, and its twin HMS Prince of Wales, cost £6.2 billion together. But the design and size of the carrier will also allow for another generation of fighters: unmanned aerial vehicles. Beyond the ski ramp for F-35s, there is an angled deck that will enable UAVs to takeoff in the future. The carriers could fit between 30 and 40 F-35s ondeck and below, but it could potentially host hundreds of UAVs one day. Wilson, who has spent the past 33 years flying jets, is not troubled by the prospect. With the right human oversight and controls, he welcomes it. “I'm not worried about being out of a job anytime soon - I think UAVs have a very important part to play. I hope most UAVs are going to be too small for a pilot to get in because that’s the beauty of these little whizzy things - they can go and do a job and fly around for hours before being thrown away. "There are several things that can happen and you’re just going to drop off the front and lose the airplane" Pete 'Wizzer' Wilson, BAE Systems test pilot “They can put themselves in harm's way when we wouldn't want to put a human pilot there. It’s making warfare more tolerable for the community, for the population, because we don’t lose people. Which is a super important point.” Wilson is the personable face of warfare because he is not, despite the entire content of our dialogue on the details of weaponry and battle, a “warmonger”, in his words. It does not seem lost on him that a UAV can keep war at arm’s reach of the nation states with the funds to afford them, and their populace. But he's ok with that. Ultimately he believes the object of building F-35s, mammoth carriers and hundreds of automated killing machines, is so you never have to use them. Or when you do, they are sophisticated enough that when deployed it is with a precision detail that makes collateral damage a defunct terminology. ADVERTISEMENT Wilson has been a career pilot for more than three decades, for country and corporation - he says: “I love doing my job, it’s a fabulous job and I’m in a position of huge trust and feel very honoured.” He is also a husband and father, and speaks with as much animation - if not more - about his teenage son’s skills with the guitar and in computing, as he does the experience of soaring alongside a Royal Navy carrier piloting one of the most prestigious and expensive bits of military kit on the planet. He is a person in the business, as he sees it, of protecting people. “That is my sole reason for doing this and I hate the thought we would ever have to deploy this to actually go out and kill people. But if someone is coming at us I’d far rather take out a few individuals if we could do that clinically and precisely without having any collateral damage at all. I'm ok to go that far. I'm not ok with the way it used to be in the early days of just ridiculous carpet bombing - that’s got to stop.” The F-35 simulator, and future iterations, are designed to help the Royal Navy and others get to that position of precision. It’s about mitigating the risks to the pilot and everyone on board a carrier. But also hopefully limiting the likelihood of the chaos usually associated with warfare. “Until you’ve done it, you don’t know quite how it’s going to go,” Wilson admits when discussing a specific manoeuvre (returning with an uneven load on the F-35). “So we have very good modelling, we go to the simulator, we train and we practice and we talk about it a lot in our meetings. We plan the test in intricate detail; we reduce the risk as much as we can but ultimately, when you go and do it for the first time, you've just got to suck it and see. There is some inherent risk in that, but we have become very good over the years at reducing that risk down to the minimum.” Video Technology Military Bae Systems F-35B Jets Share this article RECOMMENDED Inside Heathrow's third runway noise simulator Inside Heathrow's third runway noise simulator By James Temperton Noise Pollution 31 Mar 2015 A cyber war is being staged in central London A cyber war is being staged in central London By Emiko Jozuka Politics 13 Mar 2015 Gallery: A cyber war is being staged in central London Gallery: A cyber war is being staged in central London By Emiko Jozuka Politics 13 Mar 2015 Opinion: 'Secret Cinema: Star Wars' is a ripoff pantomime Opinion: 'Secret Cinema: Star Wars' is a ripoff pantomime By James Temperton James Temperton'S Blog 04 Jun 2015 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Collapse Expand Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Elections Opinion Cities World Sports Photos Schedule Trends OffBeat People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts A Look At Jeff Bezos' Plan To Set Up Amazon-Like Delivery For 'Future Human Settlement' Of The Moon World | © 2017 The Washington Post | Christian Davenport, The Washington Post | Updated: March 03, 2017 10:48 IST EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS More than four decades after the last man walked on the lunar surface, several upstart space entrepreneurs are looking to capitalize on NASA's renewed interest in returning to the moon, offering a variety of proposals with the ultimate goal of establishing a lasting human presence there. The commercial sector's interest comes as many anticipate support from the Trump administration, which is eager for a first-term triumph to rally the nation the way the Apollo flights did in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The latest to offer a proposal is Jeffrey Bezos, whose space company Blue Origin has been circulating a seven-page white paper to NASA leadership and President Donald Trump's transition team about the company's interest in developing a lunar spacecraft with a lander that would touch down near a crater at the south pole where there is water and near continuous sunlight for solar energy. The memo urges the space agency to back an Amazon-like shipment service for the moon that would deliver gear for experiments, cargo and habitats by mid-2020, helping to enable "future human settlement" of the moon. (Bezos, the founder of Amazon.com, owns The Washington Post.) "It is time for America to return to the Moon-this time to stay," Bezos said in response to emailed questions from The Post. "A permanently inhabited lunar settlement is a difficult and worthy objective. I sense a lot of people are excited about this." The Post obtained a copy of the white paper, marked "proprietary and confidential," and the company then confirmed its authenticity and agreed to answer questions about it. Bezos' proposal comes as SpaceX founder Elon Musk made a stunning announcement this week that his company planned to fly two unnamed, private citizens on a tourist trip around the moon by next year-an ambitious timeline that, if met, could beat a similar mission by NASA. Anticipating that the Trump administration is focusing on the moon, the space agency recently announced it is considering adding astronauts to the first flight of its Space Launch System rocket and Orion crew capsule. That flight, originally scheduled to fly without humans in 2018, would also circle the moon. But as the space agency seeks to move faster under the Trump administration, it is now studying the feasibility of adding crew for a mission that would then occur by 2019. Obama killed plans for a lunar mission, saying in 2010 that "we've been there before." But the administration's Mars plan was still far from actually delivering humans there, and critics grew frustrated that NASA has not been able to fly humans out of low Earth orbit since the 1970s. A shot around the moon, however, could be feasible, even within a few years. Blue Origin's proposal -dated Jan. 4-doesn't involve flying humans, but rather is focused on a series of cargo missions. Those could deliver the equipment necessary to help establish a human colony on the moon-unlike the Apollo missions, in which the astronauts left "flags and footprints" and then came home. NASA already has shown a willingness to work closely with the commercial sector, hiring companies to fly supplies and eventually astronauts to the International Space Station. It is providing technical expertise, but no funding, as part of SpaceX's plan to fly an uncrewed spacecraft to Mars by 2020. The prospect of a lunar mission has several companies lining up to provide not just transportation, but also habitats, science experiments and even the ability to mine the moon for resources. The United Launch Alliance, the joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin, has also been working on plans to create a transportation network to the area around the moon, known as cislunar space. "I'm excited by the possibilities," said Tory Bruno, ULA chief executive. "This administration, near as we can tell, feels a sense of urgency to go out and make things happen, and to have high-profile demonstrations that are along the roadmap to accomplish these broad goals. ...There is an opportunity to begin building that infrastructure right now-within the next four years." Robert Bigelow, the founder of Bigelow Aerospace, a maker of inflatable space habitats, said his company could create a depot that could orbit the moon by 2020, housing supplies and medial facilities, as well as humans. A smaller version of the possible habitats, known as the BEAM, is currently docked to the International Space Station, where astronauts have been testing it. In an interview, Bigelow said he was glad the administration seems to be refocuaing on the moon. "Mars is premature at this time. The moon is not," he said. "We have the technology. We have the ability, and the potential for a terrific business case." After remaining quiet and obsessively secretive for years, Blue Origin's attempt to partner with NASA is a huge coming out of sorts for the company, which has been funded almost exclusively by Bezos. The paper urges NASA to develop a program that provides "incentives to the private sector to demonstrate a commercial lunar cargo delivery service." Blue Origin could perform the first lunar mission as early as July, 2020, Bezos wrote, but stressed that it could "only be done in partnership with NASA. Our liquid hydrogen expertise and experience with precision vertical landing offer the fastest path to a lunar lander mission. I'm excited about this and am ready to invest my own money alongside NASA to make it happen." Last year, Blue Origin successfully launched and landed its suborbital rocket, the New Shepard, five times within less than a year, flying just past the 62-mile edge of space and then landing vertically on a landing pad at the company's west Texas facility. That same technology could be used to land the Blue Moon vehicle on the lunar surface, the company said. Its white paper shows what looks like a modified New Shepard rocket, standing on the moon with an American flag, a NASA logo and Blue Origin's feather symbol. The company said it plans to land its Blue Moon lunar lander at Shackleton Crater on the moon's south pole. The site has near continuous sunlight to provide power through the spacecraft's solar arrays. The company also chose to land there because of the "water ice in the perpetual shadow of the crater's deep crevices." Water is vital not just for human survival, but because hydrogen and oxygen in water could also be transformed into rocket fuel. The moon, then, is seen as a massive gas station in space. The Blue Moon spacecraft could carry as much as 10,000 pounds of material and fly atop several different rockets, including NASA's Space Launch System, the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V or its own New Glenn rocket, which is under development and expected to fly by the end of the decade, the company said. "Once on the surface, the lander's useful payload can be used to conduct science or deploy rovers," the company said. "A robotic arm attached to the lander will deploy to examine the lunar surface with an array of instruments." The initial landing "is envisioned as the first in a series of increasingly capable missions," including flying samples of lunar ice back to Earth for study. The company said it could also help deliver the cargo and supplies needed for human settlements. "Blue Moon is all about cost-effective delivery of mass to the surface of the Moon," Bezos wrote. "Any credible first lunar settlement will require that capability." (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Trending Sports: Live, India vs Australia, 2nd Test, Day 4: R Ashwin Removes Starc Profit: 10 Crore Fetches 275 Crore: Anil Ambani Firm's Gain From Paytm Stake Sale Movies: Rishi Kapoor Vs Twitter Trolls, Abuses Women In Direct Messages Related NASA Plans To Create 'Coolest Spot In Universe' US Warned Israel Against Annexing West Bank: Minister Avigdor Lieberman Hubble Space Telescope Captures Incredibly Massive UGC 12591 Galaxy Bill Against Outsourcing Jobs Reintroduced In US Congress 'I've Never Seen Such War' Says 90-Year-Old Rescued From Mosul Share this story on ALSO READNorth Korea Says It Was Trying To Hit US Military Bases In Japan With Missiles NASAJeffrey BezosTrump administrationElon Musk ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksLive ScoreIPL 2017 ScheduleIndia Vs AustraliaSplitRangoonJeena Isi Ka Naam HaiLoganCommando 2 ................................ Advertisement ................................ Chief Minister Endorsing Libel Serious: Jaitley On Why He Sued Kejriwal Video, Secretly Filmed, At US Park Says 'Indian Crowd Ravished' Midwest In Ranking Of 'Best Countries', US Drops. And Best Is... World's Heaviest Woman Drops 108 kgs In 3 Weeks in Mumbai RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 23° F Clear Wind WSW at 2 MPH Pressure 1025 MB Dewpoint 5° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Global manufacturer buys GJ firm Seventy-five employees work at Lewis Engineering, 2790 H Road, which recently was acquired by a $20 billion international manufacturing services company. The name will change to Jabil Lewis Engineering, but the local management staff is to stay intact. Employees are to retain their positions. By Gary Harmon Thursday, March 2, 2017 A small, privately held Grand Junction company is now part of a global manufacturing-services corporation that sought out the smaller company for its expertise. Jabil Circuit Inc., NYSE: JBL, completed the asset purchase of Lewis Engineering on Wednesday in a transaction that Bill Frake, Jabil vice president for the defense and aerospace group, said will recognize the Grand Junction office at 2790 H Road as a global “center for excellence” for complex machining and related services. While there are custom machining sites scattered around the United States and, to a lesser extent, the world, “very few of them are as good as Lewis,” said Mark Fratoni, director of business development for defense and aerospace for St. Petersburg, Florida-based Jabil. The transaction opens new markets to the previously privately held Lewis while giving Jabil the ability to expand its global services, officials said. Lewis’ management, including founders Mark and Lakeo Lewis, and Matt Collins, chief operating officer, all will remain with the company. Terms of the transaction weren’t immediately disclosed. Passers-by might not notice any immediate changes except that of a different sign, but Jabil already has brought in some new equipment, which Frake noted will expand abilities at Lewis while demonstrating Jabil’s commitment to its new acquisition. A common customer brought Jabil’s attention to Lewis and Frake visited Grand Junction last summer. What Frake and Mark and Lakeo Lewis found was that their separate organizations and cultures would mesh because they were already similar. Lewis Engineering’s involvement in Colorado Mesa University and Western Colorado Community College, for instance, matched up with the kinds of involvement that Jabil encourages, Frake said. Much of the activity Jabil tries to bring to acquisitions “was already being done” at Lewis, Frake said. The cultural similarities were also clear to Lakeo Lewis, who said she was pleased to learn that the companies shared similar roots. “I said, ‘Wow, what a coincidence,’” when she learned that Jabil, like Lewis, was started in a garage and grew slowly over years, Lakeo Lewis said Thursday, calling the transaction “a perfect marriage.” Jabil — whose name derives from the names of its founders, James Golden and Bill Morean, who started the company in 1966 — is “the biggest company you never heard of,” Frake said. That’s largely because it provides services to manufacturers and is rarely recognized outside that circle. Aircraft from airliners to fighter jets, however, contain parts that Jabil supplied, or were made with Jabil-supplied machinery, Frake said. It’s possible that Jabil could make use of a foreign-trade zone, as is being contemplated by Grand Junction city officials and others, given that it does business globally, including with aircraft makers Boeing and Airbus, Frake said. While the transaction went forward without government involvement, officials with the Grand Junction Area Chamber of Commerce and Grand Junction Economic Partnership were looped in recently and put together a suite of incentives, including the possibility of participating in the Rural Jump-Start program, to cement the deal. The key attraction for Jabil, however, seems to be a combination of tangible and intangible assets at Lewis, Collins said. Lewis has a long-term lease on the building and a greater investment in the workforce there, many of whom have backgrounds from CMU or the community college, Collins said. “It’s the talent” already at Lewis that attracted Jabil, Collins said. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Class B Cdl Driver Accepting applications for Work M-F. Health and lifeinsurance, p... Water Treatment Plant Operator The Clifton Water District has an opportunity for a to join our team... Maintenance Management Help Needed Now!Year round employment. repairing residential income prop... Independent Contractors WE ARE EXPANDING OUR TERRITORY. . . Our team is growing, and we are s... Senior Operations Engineer Location Silt, COVanguard Natural Resources, LLC is seeking an experienced Painters Needed Must have license and transportation. Wage depends on experience. 970-270-51... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Classifieds Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Digital Edition Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Home News Local News Lakeland Mills Disaster Legebokoff Trial Author bios Opinion Editorial Columnists Letters Send us a letter Sports Hockey Catch of the Day Entertainment Local A & E Events Submit Event Alphabet Project Kid Scoop Links Raise a Reader Horoscopes Washington Post Profiles of Excellence Photos Contests Circulation Vacation Stop Delivery Problem Carrier Application Raise a Reader Flyers X Local News Lakeland Mills Disaster Legebokoff Trial Author bios New airline plans Prince George route Glen KORSTROM / Business In Vancouver March 2, 2017 09:58 PM  Prince George Citizen  Previous Next Vancouver-based upstart airline Canada Jetlines has closed a transaction to be taken over by Jet Metal Corp. and to trade on the TSX-Venture Exchange starting next week. Jetlines' initial flights from Vancouver could be to Hamilton and Prince George, Jetlines executive chairman Mark Morabito said Thursday. The next set of routes out of Vancouver would then be places such as Reno, Nevada or Anchorage, Alaska. It remains unclear, however, when the ultra-low-cost carrier, which plans to charge fares that are an average of 40 per cent to 50 per cent less than Air Canada and WestJet, will get off the ground. "We'll fly when we're ready," Morabito said. "We're not going to promise we'll be flying by 'X' date. There's a very detailed process that's involved in getting an airline flying and we're going to follow it step by step." He said that Jetlines is in the process of completing its air-operator certificate and that he expects to have that certificate by the end of the summer. The airline also needs some additional capital and it expects to get that money from offshore investors. Transport Minister Marc Garneau last year approved an exemption so Jetlines could seek foreign investment that gave foreigners more than what was previously a maximum of a 25 per cent voting interest. The threshold that Garneau approved means that foreigners can have a 49 per cent voting interest in the airline. The airline, which will trade under the ticker symbol JET.WT.A, had originally planned to start with flights in Western Canada and then gradually expand to cities such as Winnipeg and Hamilton. Calgary, which is where WestJet Airlines Ltd. is based, is not expected to be on Jetlines' route map. Jetlines originally proposed in early 2014 to go public via a reverse takeover with Inovent Capital Inc. but then abruptly cancelled plans to link with Inovent, saying that it was exploring other financing opportunities. At that time it also placed an order, worth US$438 million, for five of Boeing's 737 MAX aircraft, which are to be delivered in 2021. Morabito said that when Jetlines starts flying, it will use two leased planes. The Boeing planes that it ordered years ago are still set to be delivered and Morabito said that he expects Jetlines to expand that order. Jetlines originally planned to launch in mid-2015 using leased planes. © Copyright 2017 Prince George Citizen 'Please support the Prince George Citizen and online news like this by purchasing a digital subscription.' Comments NOTE: To post a comment you must have an account with at least one of the following services: Disqus, Facebook, Twitter, Google+ You may then login using your account credentials for that service. If you do not already have an account you may register a new profile with Disqus by first clicking the "Post as" button and then the link: "Don't have one? Register a new profile". The Prince George Citizen welcomes your opinions and comments. We do not allow personal attacks, offensive language or unsubstantiated allegations. We reserve the right to edit comments for length, style, legality and taste and reproduce them in print, electronic or otherwise. Comments that contain external links will not be permitted. For further information, please contact the editor or publisher, or see our Terms and Conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close ‹ previous Woman convicted in machete murder case next Two Citizen reporters Ma Murray award finalists › next previous Sign Up For Our e-Newsletter! City Matters Your City Matters - City of Prince George Popular Citizen You Might Like Most Read Most Recent Jury begins deliberations in manslaughter trial March 6, 2017 Conservative criticism intensifies against Pope Francis February 4, 2017 Our History: Licence plates mirror B.C.’s past April 20, 2014 Officials name 5th person killed in Florida airport shooting January 11, 2017 Community once home to Norman Rockwell scared after homicide January 22, 2017 PR effort? Questions surround Trump's hotel profits pledge January 12, 2017 Aerial photos of bodies in triple murder case results in tears and brief delay February 6, 2017 Highway project planned March 6, 2017 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer' proved you could save the world and still hit the mall March 6, 2017 Racist group plans rally Saturday March 3, 2017 Sharia law could happen here March 6, 2017 Library grateful for city support March 6, 2017 Gov't spending is about choices March 6, 2017 ALL-CAPS OUTRAGE!!!!!! March 6, 2017 House damaged by fire on Friday March 6, 2017 Highway project planned March 6, 2017 Council rejects call to prevent clearing of park March 6, 2017 Vote on Doherty's PTSD motion on Wednesday March 6, 2017 PGDTA leadership supports tentative deal on classroom conditions March 6, 2017 Jury begins deliberations in manslaughter trial March 6, 2017 Provincial election issues POLL The provincial election is just two months away. What is the most important issue for you? Jobs Education Health care Government spending Environment or  view results Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Have the Prince George Citizen delivered to your inbox every day! You can unsubscribe any time, or contact us with any questions. Email:* Close Glacier Papers Alaska Highway News Pipeline News North Times Colonist Burnaby Now The Tri-Cities Now Delta-Optimist Royal City Record North Shore News Richmond News Vancouver Courier Other Sections About Us Advertising Circulation Contact Us Privacy Policy & User Agreement PG Pics Scene Sweetheart Bridal Newspapers in Education Real Estate Weekly Special Sections TV Listings Connect Back to top © Copyright 2017 Glacier Community Media Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 53-58 We set you thinking Tuesday 7 March 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Asia Australia Americas Europe Middle East Africa Quirky World newstream World South Korea says to 'actively' consider filing WTO complaint against China 1488876704 World Germany's Social Democrats lead Merkel's conservatives: INSA poll 1488874819 World Sudan disappointed at renewal of U.S. travel ban: foreign ministry 1488877598 World UK PM May should call an early election to cope with Brexit: Hague 1488874389 World Turkey military says chief meeting U.S., Russian counterparts on Syria 1488876287 World U.S. starts deploying anti-missile system in South Korea after defiant North's latest test 1488874910 World Malaysia says ready for 'five-year' stake-out at North Korea embassy 1488876420 World Bolivia's Morales will return to Cuba for small operation: media 1488873188 Business Tariff-free Brexit 'really important' for Ford's UK jobs 1488873023 World Malaysian police say foiled attack on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi king visit 1488872888 World Philippine minister asks Duterte to halt second mine review she earlier supported 1488874068 World Iraq security forces take Mosul's main government complex, museum building 1488862720 World What is the Thaad anti-missile system and why is China so against it? 1488862920 Singapore Singapore's mobile digital telco Circles.Life unveils 20GB data for S$20 1488866820 World Philippines' Duterte seeks "happy compromise" between environment and mining 1488873987 Entertainment Singapore designs to be given  global push with Time partnership 1488873700 World China opposes U.S. deployment of THAAD anti-missile system 1488871979 World North Korea bars Malaysians from leaving as murder row boils 1488866056 Entertainment Guitar gods to perform in Singapore 1488870120 World PAS' hudud bill: What is it and why is there concern over it? 1488868800 World Etihad tells travelers to check with U.S. missions after new Trump order 1488868022 World Iraqi forces capture central bank branch in Mosul, IS justice court: military spokesman 1488867320 Business Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns 1488869500 World Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges 1488841354 Lifestyle Multi-million dollar partnership announced for Singapore’s fly-cruise market 1488795360 World 'Hormonal' women need protecting, Indian minister says 1488869280 World Four drug suspects killed as Philippine police resume drugs war operations 1488866350 World Afghan police in volatile south complain of not being paid 1488850266 Singapore Original content and digital investments focus for Mediacorp moving forward 1488868906 Voices Include loose parts in playgrounds 1488868900 Singapore ITEs, polys to take more students based on talents, interests instead of just grades 1488861780 World 7 arrested IS militants had plans to attack Saudi king in KL 1488864240 Singapore Direct School Admission exercise cap raised to 20% for all schools: MOE 1488857040 Singapore More work-study programmes for ITE, tertiary students 1488860280 Sports S'pore Swimming Association to reward clubs for helping to produce national swimmers 1488860400 World Malaysian PM Najib calls on North Korea to release all Malaysians 1488863628 World Malaysian police seal off North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur 1488861996 Entertainment WWE show coming in June? 1488863498 World 11 Malaysians currently trapped in North Korea: Foreign ministry 1488861900 World North Korea says temporarily bans Malaysians from leaving the country 1488858906 World North Korea bans Malaysians from leaving in Kim spat 1488855600 Singapore Yellow taxis less prone to accidents than blue ones: NUS study 1488857460 World Malaysia says North Koreans not allowed to leave: Deputy PM 1488858833 World North Koreans wanted in murder case hiding in embassy-Malaysian police 1488858906 Singapore Normal stream students can take subjects at higher level from Sec One from 2018: MOE 1488858960 Singapore Affiliated schools to reserve 20% of places for non-affiliated students from 2019: MOE 1488857700 World In tit-for-tat, Malaysia bans North Korean embassy officials from leaving country 1488858240 World Australia says no plan for joint South China Sea patrols with Indonesia 1488856940 Singapore Traffic comes to a standstill at Punggol after accident on TPE 1488847500 World US moves parts of controversial missile-defence system to South Korea 1488854040 World Lockheed says in talks with Spain, Belgium, others on buying F-35s Two Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 stealth fighter jets fly to the Avalon Airshow in Victoria. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:00 PM, March 3, 2017 AVALON, Australia - Lockheed Martin Corp said on Friday it was talking to the governments of Spain, Switzerland and Belgium about selling its F-35 fighter jets to the European nations. Bringing new customers could help significantly reduce the cost of the military aircraft after several blowouts and production delays. The United States and 10 allies are clients of the F-35 currently. "We are talking to several other countries - Switzerland, Belgium, Spain," Jeff Babione, Lockheed Martin's F-35 program leader, told reporters at the Avalon Airshow in Australia. "There are quite a few other European nations that are looking at perhaps having the F-35 as an opportunity," Babione said. "We are starting to see other customers think about the F-35 being added to their fleet." Another person familiar with the discussions, who was not authorized to speak on the record, said that Finland was also in talks. Babione said that countries already signed up to the F-35 program along with the United States - Australia, Denmark, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Turkey, the United Kingdom, Japan, South Korea and Israel - need to start ordering in blocks beyond yearly commitments to help meet a reduced target cost of $80 million by 2020. "It is actually a very reasonable target but it is going to take cooperation in changing the way we buy the aircraft," he said. U.S. President Donald Trump has criticized the cost of the project. While the price per jet has steadily declined since the first jets were delivered to the U.S. military in 2011 as production has increased, it remains at $94.6 million. Lockheed is pressing purchasers to agree to a three-year block buy that would help reduce costs by bulk sourcing parts. "The longer we do it the more we are able to aggregate," Babione said. "Maybe in the future you are talking about a multi-year and you could do a five year multi-year and increase the savings." Babione also urged Canada to speed up a decision about whether it would buy the F-35s or Boeing Co's Super Hornets instead. The Pentagon's head of the F-35 program said earlier this week at Avalon that the overall reliability of the jets is being pulled down by initial versions of the aircraft which do not perform as well as more recently delivered jets. "Unfortunately today the aircraft reliability and maintainability of the airplane is what I would call flat," Lieutenant General Chris Bogdan of the U.S. Department of Defense said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most World READ COMMENTED ﻿From Trump’s Mar-a-Lago to Facebook, a national security crisis in the open ‘Zombie’ birds fall from sky in Moscow ‘You’re fat’ card prompts London police action ‘Wrong way down the highway’ driver arrested after US crash that killed six ‘Worse than loan sharks’, Pua says of 1MDB paying US$993m for US$3.5b bond guarantee ‘I think he’s behind it’: Trump blames Obama for protests Zimbabwe to pay bonuses after civil servants sit-in protest Zimbabwe seeks $100 million for emergency road repairs Zimbabwe public sector workers to protest over bonuses Zimbabwe doctors call off strike ahead of civil service walk-out Yemen's al Qaeda leader says U.S. refused to trade 'blind sheikh' for hostage Xi's 'core' Party position cemented in China's ideological education Women charged with North Korean's murder leave court in bullet-proof vests With rocketing population, Pakistan to conduct first census in 19 years With Libya's transition paralyzed, a would-be premier projects power in Tripoli Inside Today World Sudan disappointed at renewal of U.S. travel ban: foreign ministry South Korea says to 'actively' consider filing WTO complaint against China Malaysia says ready for 'five-year' stake-out at North Korea embassy Turkey military says chief meeting U.S., Russian counterparts on Syria U.S. starts deploying anti-missile system in South Korea after defiant North's latest test Business Tariff-free Brexit 'really important' for Ford's UK jobs Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns Consumer Reports to consider cyber security in product reviews VW expects to sanction more employees in emissions scandal: chairman Asian stocks flat, euro slides on French election concerns Sports S'pore Swimming Association to reward clubs for helping to produce national swimmers Young Dutch footballers shoot down aliens before scoring goals Value of S.League stint for Young Lions questioned Quah-Schooling showdown on the cards at NCAA Malaysia wants Asian Cup match against North Korea moved to neutral venue Entertainment Singapore designs to be given  global push with Time partnership Guitar gods to perform in Singapore WWE show coming in June? Netflix commissions original Korean zombie series 'Kingdom' Singaplural presents designs of the future About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
▲ Up   15:27 07-03-2017 Sign-up MAIN АКИpress CA-News About us On-line subscription KazakhstanKyrgyzstanMongoliaTajikistanTurkmenistanUzbekistanWorld POLITICSBUSINESSINCIDENTSSOCIETYCULTURESPORTANALYSISSCIENCE Central Asia> business Nazarbayev orders to transfer 1,092.9 trillion tenge from National Fund for banking sector recovery 11:06, 03 March 2017, 431 AKIPRESS.COM - President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev has signed a decree on carrying out a target transfer of 1,092... You are trying to access paid-for content on our website. We charge 190 som for the access to this news article. Using your personal account in AKIpress system please register or sign in to access this news article. You will receive further instructions after you register/sign in. You may also pay for one-month access to the website content by ordering subscription here. PHOTO REPORTS Kyrgyzstan marks National Flag Day VIDEO Opening of 2017 Asian Winter Games LIFE IN CENTRAL ASIA Shavkat Mirziyoyev's state visit to Turkmenistan LATEST NEWS 15:17 Kazakhstan to give Kyrgyzstan additional $41 million to pledged $100 million: Kazakh PM15:04 Parliament discussing frequent trips of Chief of Staff of Kyrgyz Parliament abroad behind closed doors14:46 EAEU Prime MInisters sign 10 agreements14:33 Mongolia struggles through financial instability13:55 Parliament approves bill on construction of new landfill in Osh13:37 Pakistan temporarily reopens its border with Afghanistan13:31 Malaysia accuses North Korea of holding citizens 'hostage'13:16 Uzbekistan to get access to Caspian and Black Seas via Turkmenistan12:50 Summit of EAEU of Prime Ministers opens in Bishkek12:22 Atambayev meets with EAEU prime ministers12:16 Parliament approves ratification of agreement on allocation of 10.8 mln euros for improvement of water supply system in Osh11:26 Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan sign package of documents11:15 Nature Park might appear in Alai district in 201711:08 Parliament approves bill obliging GKNB to publish list of banned organizations in Kyrgyzstan10:59 Atambayev invites Putin to take part in 2017 Global Snow Leopard Conservation Forum10:48 OSCE supports establishment of Kyrgyz Association of Women in security sector10:42 Women in Kyrgyzstan prefer to give birth to 3-4 children before age 3010:39 Bishkek City Council commission considers project on construction of housing for municipal workers10:28 Budget of Agency for Environmental Protection approved at 661.4 million som in 201710:25 Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan PMs meet amid EAEU summit of Prime Ministers MOST READ 10:40 04.03.17 OSCE supports women’s resource centres in Tajikistan's remote areas11:30 04.03.17 Eurasian Intergovernmental Council to convene on March 7 in Bishkek10:46 04.03.17 President of Turkmenistan attends ECO Summit in Islamabad11:20 04.03.17 Osh hospital uses telemedicine to improve clinical health care14:25 04.03.17 Kyrgyzstan imports electricity for almost $3.5 million from Kazakhstan in 201615:26 04.03.17 Tokyo Rope MFG Co., Ltd eyes project in Kyrgyzstan12:00 04.03.17 Mongolian Ambassador presents credentials to Queen Elizabeth II10:48 04.03.17 Intra-Syrian talks conclude in Geneva with ‘clear agenda’ and plans to resume later this month15:48 04.03.17 Kyrgyzstan builds over 70 schools in 201613:43 04.03.17 Customs officers, business community review temporary import of goods in Kazakhstan © AKIpress News Agency - 2001-2017. All rights reserved Republication of any material is prohibited without a written agreement with AKIpress News Agency. Any citation must be accompanied by a hyperlink to akipress.com. Our address: Moskovskaya str. 189, Bishkek, the Kyrgyz Republic e-mail: english@akipress.org, akipressenglish@gmail.com; Tel/Fax: +996(312)90-07-75
Photos Videos Topics Live AUS 110/7 (34) - IND 274/10 (97.1) Live SL 155/3 (53) - BAN (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# IPL 2017 Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home World Lockheed says in talks with Spain, Belgium, others on buying F-35s Shares1 Fri, 3 Mar 2017-10:23am , Reuters Lockheed Martin Corp said on Friday it was talking to the governments of Spain, Switzerland and Belgium about selling its F-35 fighter jets to the European nations. Bringing new customers could help significantly reduce the cost of the military aircraft after several blowouts and production delays. The United States and 10 allies are clients of the F-35 currently. "We are talking to several other countries - Switzerland, Belgium, Spain," Jeff Babione, Lockheed Martin's F-35 programme leader, told reporters at the Avalon Airshow in Australia. "There are quite a few other European nations that are looking at perhaps having the F-35 as an opportunity," Babione said. "We are starting to see other customers think about the F-35 being added to their fleet." Another person familiar with the discussions, who was not authorised to speak on the record, said that Finland was also in talks. Babione said that countries already signed up to the F-35 program along with the United States - Australia, Denmark, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Turkey, the United Kingdom, Japan, South Korea and Israel - need to start ordering in blocks beyond yearly commitments to help meet a reduced target cost of $80 million by 2020. "It is actually a very reasonable target but it is going to take cooperation in changing the way we buy the aircraft," he said. U.S. President Donald Trump has criticised the cost of the project. While the price per jet has steadily declined since the first jets were delivered to the U.S. military in 2011 as production has increased, it remains at $94.6 million. Lockheed is pressing purchasers to agree to a three-year block buy that would help reduce costs by bulk sourcing parts. "The longer we do it the more we are able to aggregate," Babione said. "Maybe in the future you are talking about a multi-year and you could do a five year multi-year and increase the savings." Babione also urged Canada to speed up a decision about whether it would buy the F-35s or Boeing Co's Super Hornets instead. The Pentagon's head of the F-35 programme said earlier this week at Avalon that the overall reliability of the jets is being pulled down by initial versions of the aircraft which do not perform as well as more recently delivered jets. "Unfortunately today the aircraft reliability and maintainability of the airplane is what I would call flat," Lieutenant General Chris Bogdan of the U.S. Department of Defense said. ($1 = 1.3024 Australian dollars) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < We aren't loving it: McDonald's serves fried dead lizard with French Fries to pregnant woman in Kolkata   Comments   Also Read World Amid intense criticism, US Republicans unveil plan to dismantle Obamacare World Kim Jong-nam murder: North Korea bans all Malaysians from leaving country World Khizr Khan, who criticised Trump cancels Canada visit after 'travel privileges under review' World US President Donald Trump signs new travel ban order, raises bar for legal challenges World Escaping ISIS hell: 18-year-old Yazidi Aji Bashar recounts her heroic tale of flight for freedom World US issues travel advisory to citizens for Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan < Previous ArticleNext Article > We aren't loving it: McDonald's serves fried dead lizard with French Fries to pregnant woman in Kolkata Live Cricket Score Live AUS 110/7 (34), 276/10 (122.4) IND 274/10 (97.1), 189/10 (71.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 155/3 (53) BAN (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related As Benjamin Netanyahu faces police questioning, rivals look "post-Bibi" Donald Trump softens stand on immigration, favours merit-based system Australian accused of planning to help Islamic State develop missiles Video Watch: What the hell is Chammak Challo? Here's what happens when you rewrite sexist Bollywood lyrics! WATCH: This song about demonetization blues is a laugh riot! WATCH: Mallika Dua has a hilarious way to promote safe sex in AIB's new video! View all Tags Australia Belgium Donald Trump Spain Switzerland United States Canada Denmark Finland Israel Italy Japan Netherlands Norway South Korea Turkey United Kingdom Jeff Babione Lockheed Martin Corp Chris Bogdan Lockheed Martin F-35 U. S. Department U. S. Department of Defense SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News President condoles death of former Lok Sabha Speaker Rabi Ray Syrian army advances on IS-held water supplies for Aleppo - monitor, military source Gorhe concerned over woman leaders getting lewd msgs Sudan disappointed at renewal of U.S. travel ban - foreign ministry TN govt to bear expenses for air lifting student from Georgia Sport #INDvAUS, 2nd Test: India on the verge of a famous win as Australia are reduced to 101 for 6 at Tea Rugby-Lions without five Boks for Buenos Aires cat fight Champions League: Barcelona believe in Paris Saint-Germain 'miracle' mission Tennis-Tennis Australia president Healy to resign next month `Out-of-favour` Akmal declares himself fit to make Pak return Entertainment ​​Sonam Kapoor ​REVEALS which is​​ ​her favourite book to read!​ Doctor Who: Peter Capaldi's Time Lord will end the run fighting old foes, Mondasian Cybermen Bipasha Basu BREAKS SILENCE on being accused of unprofessional behaviour! CBFC wants 11 cuts in 'Anaarkali of Aarah': producer After his stellar performance in Karan Johar produced Money Blowhorn raises Rs 25 crore from IDG Ventures, others PFC provides Rs 2,703 cr to WB's 1st super critical project Copper, nickel weaken on global cues, muted demand Paytm to dismiss cancellation charge for bus ticket bookings The product offerings form the front-line in the passenger Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Lockheed says in talks with Spain, Belgium, others on buying F-35s Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Thu Mar 2, 2017 | 11:54pm EST Lockheed says in talks with Spain, Belgium, others on buying F-35s left right Two Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 stealth fighter jets fly to the Avalon Airshow in Victoria, Australia, March 3, 2017. Australian Defence Force/Handout via REUTERS 1/7 left right Two Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 stealth fighter jets flies during a display at the Avalon Airshow in Victoria, Australia, March 3, 2017. Australian Defence Force/Handout via REUTERS 2/7 left right A Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 stealth fighter jet lands at the Avalon Airshow in Victoria, Australia, March 3, 2017. Australian Defence Force/Handout via REUTERS 3/7 left right A Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 stealth fighter jet flies during a display at the Avalon Airshow in Victoria, Australia, March 3, 2017. AAP/Tracey Nearmy/via REUTERS 4/7 left right Visitors inspect a Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 stealth fighter jet on display at the Avalon Airshow in Victoria, Australia, March 3, 2017. AAP/Tracey Nearmy/via REUTERS 5/7 left right A Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 stealth fighter jet flies during a display at the Avalon Airshow in Victoria, Australia, March 3, 2017. AAP/Tracey Nearmy/via REUTERS 6/7 left right A Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 stealth fighter jet taxis past spectators after arriving at the Avalon Airshow in Victoria, Australia, March 3, 2017. Australian Defence Force/Handout via REUTERS 7/7 By Jamie Freed | AVALON, Australia AVALON, Australia Lockheed Martin Corp said on Friday it was talking to the governments of Spain, Switzerland and Belgium about selling its F-35 fighter jets to the European nations. Bringing new customers could help significantly reduce the cost of the military aircraft after several blowouts and production delays. The United States and 10 allies are clients of the F-35 currently. "We are talking to several other countries - Switzerland, Belgium, Spain," Jeff Babione, Lockheed Martin's F-35 program leader, told reporters at the Avalon Airshow in Australia. "There are quite a few other European nations that are looking at perhaps having the F-35 as an opportunity," Babione said. "We are starting to see other customers think about the F-35 being added to their fleet." Another person familiar with the discussions, who was not authorized to speak on the record, said that Finland was also in talks. Babione said that countries already signed up to the F-35 program along with the United States - Australia, Denmark, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Turkey, the United Kingdom, Japan, South Korea and Israel - need to start ordering in blocks beyond yearly commitments to help meet a reduced target cost of $80 million by 2020. "It is actually a very reasonable target but it is going to take cooperation in changing the way we buy the aircraft," he said. U.S. President Donald Trump has criticized the cost of the project. While the price per jet has steadily declined since the first jets were delivered to the U.S. military in 2011 as production has increased, it remains at $94.6 million. Lockheed is pressing purchasers to agree to a three-year block buy that would help reduce costs by bulk sourcing parts. "The longer we do it the more we are able to aggregate," Babione said. "Maybe in the future you are talking about a multi-year and you could do a five year multi-year and increase the savings." Babione also urged Canada to speed up a decision about whether it would buy the F-35s or Boeing Co's Super Hornets instead. The Pentagon's head of the F-35 program said earlier this week at Avalon that the overall reliability of the jets is being pulled down by initial versions of the aircraft which do not perform as well as more recently delivered jets. "Unfortunately today the aircraft reliability and maintainability of the airplane is what I would call flat," Lieutenant General Chris Bogdan of the U.S. Department of Defense said. (Additional reporting by Mike Stone in WASHINGTON; Writing by Jane Wardell; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) Next In World News U.S. starts deploying anti-missile system in South Korea after defiant North's latest test SEOUL The United States started to deploy the first elements of its advanced anti-missile defense system in South Korea on Tuesday after North Korea's test of four ballistic missiles, U.S. Pacific Command said, despite angry opposition from China. Iraq security forces take Mosul's main government complex, museum building BAGHDAD Elite Iraqi security forces dislodged Islamic State militants from the main government buildings in Mosul on Tuesday, their last major city stronghold in Iraq, an Iraqi spokesman said. U.S. Navy ship changes course after Iran vessels come close: U.S. official WASHINGTON Multiple fast-attack vessels from Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps came close to a U.S. Navy ship in the Strait of Hormuz on Saturday, forcing it to change direction, a U.S. official told Reuters on Monday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Brutal street battle for Mosul Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters South China Morning Post Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Pushing the boundaries of research  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News PolyU – Celebrating 80 years of rich heritage Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University PolyU – Celebrating 80 years of rich heritage Highlights Innovations Excellence Social Responsibility Pushing the boundaries of research PUBLISHED : Friday, 03 March, 2017, 9:38am UPDATED : Friday, 03 March, 2017, 10:46am Comments:   Chris Davis Share PrintEmail Related topics PolyU – Celebrating 80 years of rich heritage Related Articles News PolyU launches 80th Anniversary Global Leader Lecture Series with WHO talk 3 Mar 2017 News PolyU milestone anniversary signposts new routes to success, says chairman 25 Jan 2017 News PolyU pioneers change our world 25 Jan 2017 [Sponsored Article] Recognised internationally as a progressive higher-education institution, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) is dedicated to making a positive contribution to the world’s development through its innovative research and quality education. Emphasising the focus PolyU places on research with impact, Professor Alexander Wai, PolyU Vice President (Research Development) says whether researching pioneering fibre optic railway technologies, investigational new drugs (IND), robotics or food safety, the goal is always to advance the frontiers of knowledge while enhancing the well-being of the local, mainland and international community. "Our professors have developed a reputation for taking research from the laboratory into the real world, where it has practical use with meaningful benefits," Wai says. An example of this is the proprietary optical fibre sensing technology developed by PolyU and installed on train tracks all over Hong Kong, used to monitor mission-critical conditions and track components. The first-in-the-world monitoring system has also been installed on the mainland's Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Rail Link and will soon be installed in the two busiest lines of Singapore's metro network.  Further connecting PolyU research to the real world by improving service reliability; the ground-breaking maintenance system is expected to become a trend in the global railway industry. Wai says over the past eight decades PolyU is proud to have laid down many significant research milestones that address important issues and align with the school’s motto: "To learn and to apply, for the benefit of mankind.” Currently undergoing clinical trials in Hong Kong, the US and Europe, a recent example is a new drug used for treating liver cancer known as "BCT-100". Discovered by PolyU researchers, the drug has become Hong Kong's first IND to receive approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Meanwhile, with researchers around the world seeking new ways to increase solar energy conversion efficiency, PolyU has successfully developed perovskite-silicon tandem solar cells with the world's highest power conversion rate of 25.5percent in mid-2016, better than existing silicon solar cells in the market. Wai believes a contributing factor to PolyU's success can be attributed to operating dedicated research centres and cross-disciplinary research, which bring experts together and allow resources to be used more effectively. "Few of the problems research aims to solve happen in isolation," says Wai, who reiterates that PolyU's approach to research creates effective synergies while improving transparency for the various stakeholders. Pushing the frontiers of applied research even further, PolyU is currently in the process of establishing 3D printing, big data analytics and neuroscience research programmes. "These areas offer so many opportunities to explore, I am sure PolyU will be able to conduct meaningful research that continues to benefit mankind," says Wai. As the university celebrates its 80th anniversary, it can look fondly on a wealth of prominent achievements, which range from making high-precision tools for space exploration to developing Hong Kong's first electric car. "Who would have thought that a team led by a professor at PolyU could develop equipment capable of being sent to the moon?" Wai asks, referring to the camera pointing system jointly developed by PolyU and the China Academy of Space that was deployed aboard the Chang’e Lander, which touched down on the moon on December 14th, 2013. Two years earlier, PolyU developed a soil preparation system capable of grinding and sifting Martian moon rocks that was deployed with the Sino-Russian Phobos-Grunt Mission. Ranked 6th in the world on the 2016/17 QS University Rankings "Top 50 Under 50" list of the world's young universities, the vice president says more important than rankings is the school’s commitment to expanding the boundaries of research and education. Wai hopes to continue to build confidence among faculty and students to take on "grand challenges" to widen the impact of their research. "I sometimes feel PolyU is similar to a young person making his way in the world in that he has to make the extra effort to be recognised for one’s achievements," says Wai.  Part of this extra effort involves forging meaningful partnerships for collaborative projects.  An example of this is the partnership between PolyU and aircraft manufacturing giant The Boeing Company, who worked together to establish Hong Kong’s first Aviation Services Research Centre (ASRC).  Over the last two years, ASRC has successfully developed new automation technologies for aircraft maintenance, and will continue to develop new ways of enhancing the efficiency and operation of the aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) industry, further strengthening Hong Kong’s leading position as a world-class service provider of MRO. Highlighting another example of important cooperation, PolyU recently signed an agreement with the government of the Banan District of Chongqing City to facilitate the transfer of research outputs to collaborative platform in treatments for diseases. Finally, another significant collaboration milestone was the establishment of the Europe-Hong Kong Joint Centre of Excellence in Food Safety which includes PolyU, Lund University in Sweden, the National Food Institute, Technical University of Denmark and the University of Bologna. Wai says throughout PolyU's 80-year existence, first as a Technical College and especially since the school was awarded full university status in 1994, it has always conducted research closely linked to the needs of Hong Kong's industries and the wider benefits of the community. For instance, turning a new page in the field of robotic surgery, a robotic arm developed at PolyU was used to perform a minimally invasive operation procedure. The university also successfully developed an ultra-sensitive transistor-based biosensor, which can detect glucose in saliva, allowing people with diabetes to monitor their blood glucose levels regularly instead of using the conventional method which is often painful. In response to the growing concerns about food safety, PolyU's Food Safety and Technology Research Centre (FSTRC), first established in 2011, serves as a bridge between the government, academia and industry, raising the standard of food safety by providing research and consultancy and training services to relevant industries in Hong Kong and across the Pearl River Delta region. New technologies developed by the FSTRC include rapid low-cost tests designed to assess the safety of food samples. The FSTRC also developed a new method for the rapid authentication of edible oils, and has incorporated fluorescent probes to detect the dangerous chemical formaldehyde in food. To tie in with PolyU’s expanding strategic research development plan, Wai says three new facilities have been set up to specialise in life sciences, chemical and environmental analysis, and material characterisation, which is the process used to measure microstructural properties of materials; as well as device fabrication, the process used to create chips and integrated circuits.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Premier Li publicly denounces notion of Hong Kong independence 2 After 1997 everything changed, actor Anthony Wong laments 3 Hong Kong can create its own smog, researchers say 4 China signals change of course on yuan policy 5 Xi likely to preside over military parade in handover anniversary Shared 1 After 1997 everything changed, actor Anthony Wong laments 2 Premier Li publicly denounces notion of Hong Kong independence 3 Xi likely to preside over military parade in handover anniversary 4 A heartbreaking picture of a looming hunger catastrophe 5 How China’s Airbnb clones went from copycats to copied Commented 1 Premier Li publicly denounces notion of Hong Kong independence 2 Xi likely to preside over military parade in handover anniversary 3 Mainland legal expert questions Hong Kong’s foreign judges 4 Hong Kong can create its own smog, researchers say 5 South Korea to retaliate against China ‘discrimination’, says minister Promotions SCMP invites you to Taste of Hong Kong 2017       You may also like Opinion China’s ‘Two Sessions’: economy on agenda, Trump on hidden agenda 4 Mar 2017 - 10:45am 4 Useful gadgets? In partnership with: HKT PREMIER China Why is China’s budget so incomprehensible? 4 Mar 2017 - 10:02am 4 Pushing the boundaries of research Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong After 1997 everything changed, actor Anthony Wong laments 4 Mar 2017 - 11:02am 29 Opinion Globalisation’s not dead, it just has a new powerhouse – Asia 4 Mar 2017 - 1:33pm 3 Geopolitics The real agenda behind Saudi king’s tour of Asia 5 Mar 2017 - 5:29pm 5 China Ancient skulls flesh out China’s Neanderthal past 3 Mar 2017 - 10:08pm 5 Hong Kong Meet the only Hongkonger in UK’s Grenadier Guards Mar 4th 2017, 4:13pm Global Economy Blame our civil service for the second class city that we’ve become 2 Mar 2017 - 6:50pm 67 Insight & Opinion Why do so many in Hong Kong love to hate Regina Ip? 2 Mar 2017 - 8:47pm 42 Hong Kong Hong Kong makes final shortlist to host 2022 ‘gay Olympics’ 2 Mar 2017 - 11:26pm 51 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
NokScoot hopeful of profit in 2018 as losses narrow | Bangkok Post: news News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More NEWS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY NEWS Homepage MOST RECENT Top stories POLITICS Crime General ASEAN WORLD SPORTS More WEATHER FORECAST HOT TOPICS SPECIAL REPORT SECURITY Transport Environment News > Transport NokScoot hopeful of profit in 2018 as losses narrow 3 Mar 2017 at 05:00 4,867 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: BOONSONG KOSITCHOTETHANA - + NokScoot expects to turn a profit for the first time next year after sharply narrowing its 2016 loss. The Thai-Singapore budget airline aims to reduce this year's loss to 170 million baht, down from 612 million baht and 1.22 billion baht in losses recorded in 2016 and 2015, respectively. "We are on course to turn the corner and become profitable next year," NokScoot chief executive Piya Yodmani said yesterday. This would be driven by increased revenue, yield improvement, greater aircraft utilisation hours and no significant rises in fuel price. The Thai-registered joint venture of Thailand's Nok Air and Singapore's Scoot expects to raise 2017 revenue to 5.78 billion baht, up from 3.89 billion in 2016. Next year's revenue is projected to reach 9.71 billion baht. NokScoot aims to attract more passengers -- 1.07 million this year, up from 800,000 last year and 190,000 in the year before and will remain focused on China, ramping up the frequencies to the five cities it currently serves, said Mr Piya. One more Chinese city, as yet unnamed, is on the airline's radar screen to be added to existing destinations of Nanjing, Qingdao, Tianjin, Shenyang and Dalian, he said. NokScoot plans to have a fourth Boeing B777-200 joining its fleet of wide-body jets around September or October this year to support its expanding operations. Next year, the airline expects to have two more B777-200s in a capacity planning that is based on the assumption that the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) would remove the red flag on Thailand's aviation safety shortcomings. Mr Piya said the airline remains interested on services to Japan and South Korea, NokScoot's core markets since its inception in 2014 but which failed to take off due to ICAO red flag restrictions. "We are still very keen to fly to Narita, Kansai (Japan) and Incheon (South Korea) once the red flag is removed, probably by the end of this year,'' he said. RECOMMENDED STORIES Firebug caught burning forest in Lampang US begins Thaad deployment in S.Korea N.Korea holds all Malaysians 'until murder issue settled' Fire ravages homes in Phra Pradaeng Defence volunteer slain in Yala grocery shop Red taxis take fight to Uber in Chiang Mai JAL unveils renovated Suvarnabhumi lounge Aviation reform plan gets nod 'Cooler than 2016' summer predicted Most Viewed 114,419 Tied in a knot: the Thai wives who ... 36,648 Cop accused in assault, extortion ... 33,027 Japanese royals pay respects to ... 32,649 915 coins found inside sick turtle 30,108 Dhammajayo stripped of monastic ... Recent NEWS Articles N.Korea, Malaysia ban each other's citizens from leaving Jeng loses final appeal against jail term for lese majeste Ancient pottery, Buddha head found buried at weir Get full Bangkok Post printed newspaper experience on your digital devices with Bangkok Post e-newspaper. Try it out, it's totally free for 7 days. Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 1 liked & 2 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 16:18 Customers seek DSI help for unfinished Pattaya condo 16:11 SCG pays B5.46bn for Vietnam cement firm 15:35 50 guns seized, 3 nabbed in Uthai Thani searches 13:49 updateN.Korea, Malaysia ban each other's citizens from leaving 13:10 Jeng loses final appeal against jail term for lese majeste 12:55 Ancient pottery, Buddha head found buried at weir 12:47 SET rises 2.14 to 1,555.75 at midday 11:39 Firebug caught burning forest in Lampang 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
BUSINESS Jeff Bezos plans to set up Amazon-like delivery for 'future human settlement' of the moon Bezos wants to deliver to the moon Donna Blankinship / Associated Press Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos stands next to a copper exhaust nozzle to be used on a spaceship engine during a media tour of Blue Origin, the space venture he founded. Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos stands next to a copper exhaust nozzle to be used on a spaceship engine during a media tour of Blue Origin, the space venture he founded. (Donna Blankinship / Associated Press) Christian Davenport More than four decades after the last man walked on the lunar surface, several upstart space entrepreneurs are looking to capitalize on NASA's renewed interest in returning to the moon, offering a variety of proposals with the ultimate goal of establishing a lasting human presence there. The commercial sector's interest comes as many anticipate support from the Trump administration, which is eager for a first-term triumph to rally the nation the way the Apollo flights did in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The latest to offer a proposal is Jeff Bezos, whose space company Blue Origin has been circulating a seven-page white paper to NASA leadership and President Trump's transition team about the company's interest in developing a lunar spacecraft with a lander that would touch down near a crater at the south pole where there is water and near continuous sunlight for solar energy. The memo urges the space agency to back an Amazon-like shipment service for the moon that would deliver gear for experiments, cargo and habitats by mid-2020, helping to enable "future human settlement" of the moon. (Bezos, the founder of Amazon.com, owns The Washington Post.) "It is time for America to return to the moon — this time to stay," Bezos said in response to emailed questions from The Post. "A permanently inhabited lunar settlement is a difficult and worthy objective. I sense a lot of people are excited about this." The Post obtained a copy of the white paper, marked "proprietary and confidential," and the company then confirmed its authenticity and agreed to answer questions about it. Bezos' proposal comes as SpaceX founder Elon Musk made a stunning announcement this week that his company plans to fly two unnamed, private citizens on a tourist trip around the moon by next year — an ambitious timeline that, if met, could beat a similar mission by NASA. Anticipating that the Trump administration is focusing on the moon, the space agency recently announced it is considering adding astronauts to the first flight of its Space Launch System rocket and Orion crew capsule. That flight, originally scheduled to fly without humans in 2018, would also circle the moon. But as the space agency seeks to move faster under the Trump administration, it is now studying the feasibility of adding crew for a mission that would then occur by 2019. Blue Moon is all about cost-effective delivery of mass to the surface of the moon. Any credible first lunar settlement will require that capability. — Jeff Bezos, Amazon founder Obama killed plans for a lunar mission, saying in 2010 that "we've been there before." But the administration's Mars plan was still far from actually delivering humans there, and critics grew frustrated that NASA has not been able to fly humans out of low Earth orbit since the 1970s. A shot around the moon, however, could be feasible, even within a few years. Blue Origin's proposal, dated Jan. 4, doesn't involve flying humans, but rather is focused on a series of cargo missions. Those could deliver the equipment necessary to help establish a human colony on the moon, unlike the Apollo missions, in which the astronauts left "flags and footprints" and then came home. NASA already has shown a willingness to work closely with the commercial sector, hiring companies to fly supplies and eventually astronauts to the International Space Station. It is providing technical expertise, but no funding, as part of SpaceX's plan to fly an uncrewed spacecraft to Mars by 2020. The prospect of a lunar mission has several companies lining up to provide not just transportation, but also habitats, science experiments and even the ability to mine the moon for resources. The United Launch Alliance, the joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin, has also been working on plans to create a transportation network to the area around the moon, known as cislunar space. "I'm excited by the possibilities," said Tory Bruno, ULA chief executive. "This administration, near as we can tell, feels a sense of urgency to go out and make things happen, and to have high-profile demonstrations that are along the road map to accomplish these broad goals.… There is an opportunity to begin building that infrastructure right now — within the next four years." Robert Bigelow, the founder of Bigelow Aerospace, a maker of inflatable space habitats, said his company could create a depot that could orbit the moon by 2020, housing supplies and medial facilities, as well as humans. A smaller version of the possible habitats, known as the BEAM, is currently docked to the International Space Station, where astronauts have been testing it. In an interview, Bigelow said he was glad the administration seems to be refocusing on the moon. "Mars is premature at this time. The moon is not," he said. "We have the technology. We have the ability, and the potential for a terrific business case." After remaining quiet and obsessively secretive for years, Blue Origin's attempt to partner with NASA is a huge coming out of sorts for the company, which has been funded almost exclusively by Bezos. The paper urges NASA to develop a program that provides "incentives to the private sector to demonstrate a commercial lunar cargo delivery service." Blue Origin could perform the first lunar mission as early as July 2020, Bezos wrote, but he emphasized that it could "only be done in partnership with NASA. Our liquid hydrogen expertise and experience with precision vertical landing offer the fastest path to a lunar lander mission. I'm excited about this and am ready to invest my own money alongside NASA to make it happen." Last year, Blue Origin successfully launched and landed its suborbital rocket, the New Shepard, five times within less than a year, flying just past the 62-mile edge of space and then landing vertically on a landing pad at the company's west Texas facility. That same technology could be used to land the Blue Moon vehicle on the lunar surface, the company said. Its white paper shows what looks like a modified New Shepard rocket, standing on the moon with an American flag, a NASA logo and Blue Origin's feather symbol. The company said it plans to land its Blue Moon lunar lander at Shackleton Crater on the moon's south pole. The site has near continuous sunlight to provide power through the spacecraft's solar arrays. The company also chose to land there because of the "water ice in the perpetual shadow of the crater's deep crevices." Water is vital not just for human survival, but because hydrogen and oxygen in water could also be transformed into rocket fuel. The moon, then, is seen as a massive gas station in space. The Blue Moon spacecraft could carry as much as 10,000 pounds of material and fly atop several different rockets, including NASA's Space Launch System, the United Launch Alliance's Atlas V or its own New Glenn rocket, which is under development and expected to fly by the end of the decade, the company said. "Once on the surface, the lander's useful payload can be used to conduct science or deploy rovers," the company said. "A robotic arm attached to the lander will deploy to examine the lunar surface with an array of instruments." The initial landing "is envisioned as the first in a series of increasingly capable missions," including flying samples of lunar ice back to Earth for study. The company said it could also help deliver the cargo and supplies needed for human settlements. "Blue Moon is all about cost-effective delivery of mass to the surface of the Moon," Bezos wrote. "Any credible first lunar settlement will require that capability." Christian Davenport writes for the Washington Post. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Space Exploration Space NASA Jeff Bezos Amazon.com Inc. Lockheed Martin Corp. Orion Space Mission Republicans unveil plan to repeal and replace Obamacare amid conflicting pressures Trump's travel ban contains a tool that could change how the U.S. conducts foreign policy Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions defends Russia testimony and says he didn't mislead Congress Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Commentary   |  Subscribe Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations REALITY CHECK The best -- and worst -- speech he's ever given Bill Press: 'Trump didn't inherit a mess; he walked into a picnic' Published: 4 days ago Bill Press About | Email | Archive Bill Press is host of a nationally syndicated radio show and author of a new book, "TOXIC TALK: How the Radical Right Has Poisoned America's Airwaves." His website is billpress.com. Subscribe to feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print We learned three things about Donald Trump from his Feb. 28 speech to Congress. One, he can actually read from a teleprompter. Two, he lives in an alternate universe. Three, you can’t believe a word he says. Yes, he surprised us all with the tone of his speech. In stark contrast to his gloomy, “American carnage,” inaugural address, Trump’s speech was pure sunshine. It was the most coherent speech he’s ever given, and the most positive – but also the most unbelievable, from start to finish. Trump started by complaining about “the mess” he inherited from Barack Obama. What mess? Remember January 2009, when Obama took over. In the wake of the 2008 recession, we were hemorrhaging jobs: 818,000 in January alone; the unemployment rate was 7.8 percent; and the Dow had sunk below 8,000. In January 2017, we had just enjoyed 75 consecutive months of positive job growth, unemployment was 4.8 percent, and by Jan. 20 the Dow had climbed to 19,732. Trump didn’t inherit a mess; he walked into a picnic. In typical Trumpian doublespeak, as proof of today’s “mess,” he noted that “94 million Americans are out of the labor force,” which sounds shocking until you realize that’s the number of all Americans over the age of 15 who don’t have a job and aren’t looking for one, including: high school and college students, the disabled, stay-at-home parents and all retirees. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the official number is closer to 7.6 million “unemployed.” Trump then bragged about a groundswell of popular support for his agenda: first a “quiet protest,” then a “loud chorus,” finally an “earthquake.” Who’s he kidding? He lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million. At 42 percent, his approval rating’s the lowest of any modern president. And he’s prompted the biggest protests since the Vietnam War. There’s an earthquake of public opinion, all right – but aimed against his agenda, not in support of it. He next boasted about all, in his distorted worldview, he’d accomplished in his first 40 days – with little regard for reality. Trump cited thousands of new jobs created in deals he’d personally made with Ford, GM, Boeing, Intel and other companies. Again, sounds good, except for the fact that every one of those new projects was started under President Obama. That was just the beginning of a cascade of contrasts between Trump’s rhetoric and reality. He said he came in a spirit of unity, the same day he called House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi “incompetent.” He celebrated Black History Month hours after his Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the Justice Department would drop its challenge to new racist voter-suppression laws in Texas. And he proclaimed himself the champion of “clean air and clean water” just hours after signing an executive order overturning a rule adopted by President Obama in 2015 that gave the EPA authority to police pollution in rivers and streams nationwide — a rule vigorously opposed by oil refineries, chemical plants, farmers and golf courses. Two days later, he proposed slashing EPA’s budget by 20 percent. But nowhere was Trump’s distance from reality more evident than in his call to repeal Obamacare, which he insisted is “collapsing, and we must act decisively to protect all Americans.” Not true. “Obamacare is not in a death spiral,” reports CNN Money. “In fact, insurers’ prospects in the individual market are looking brighter.” Another 12 million Americans signed up for health plans in 2017, despite talk of repeal; 22 million Americans now enjoy health insurance under the Affordable Care Act, many of them for the first time. Obamacare is working, and Republicans have no plan to replace it. Famously, Trump ended the way he began, totally oblivious to the real world, by telling members of Congress: “The time for trivial fights is behind us.” Somebody needs to tell that to Donald Trump. This is the man who engages in trivial Twitter fights from sun-up to sunset: over the size of the crowd at his inaugural, Arnold Schwarzenegger’s ratings on “The Apprentice,” CNN, the New York Times, even the pope. All in all, it was at once his best speech and his worst – best in tone, worst in content. Watching Donald Trump at the podium, I had a bad dream that Americans actually made the mistake of electing him president of the United States. That can’t be true. Please. Wake me when it’s over. Receive Bill Press' commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Bill Press' alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name* First Last Email* Where we will email your daily updates Postal code* A valid zip code or postal code is required Click the button below to sign up for Bill Press' commentaries by email, and keep up to date with special offers from WND. You may change your email preferences at any time. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah The real Russian scandal needing investigation ARTICLE V CONVENTION Rita Dunaway Why are conservatives in bed with lefties? RACE IN AMERICA Mychal Massie Rebutting the reparationists THE DEEP STATE Patrick J. Buchanan The Beltway conspiracy to break Trump ANTI-SEMITISM Dennis Prager Why do U.S. Jews want so many Jew haters in America? More Commentary » Deal of the Day 'How-to' manual on stopping radical Islam in U.S. – $4.95 today only! Pam Geller's book reveals proven strategies to halt Shariah and jihad in America Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Irene and Arnie Wiggum at the Polar Bear Club in Pullman, while they were dating and attending Washington State College in 1941 or ‘42. Everett native son Arnie Wiggum touched thousands of young lives Eric Stevick Fri Mar 3rd, 2017 9:41pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The park named for Arnold “Arnie” Wiggum can be a bustling place in the spring, summer and fall, a wide grassy expanse for children to burn off energy and exercise their imaginations. There’s a playground, skate park and ball field spread across 10 acres in a Northwest Everett neighborhood where many families live in subsidized housing. It’s doubtful many youngsters would know much about the 1938 Everett High School graduate whose legacy Wiggums Hollow Park celebrates. They’re more likely to recognize the Wiggum family name from the long-running animated series “The Simpsons.” The show’s creator, Matt Groening, used family names in developing his characters. His mother, Margaret, was the inspiration for Marge Simpson, wife of Homer and mother of Bart, Lisa and Maggie. Before she married, she was Margaret Wiggum, of Everett. The police chief of the fictitious town of Springfield is Chief Wiggum. Margaret’s brother was Arnie Wiggum, who died Feb. 9 in Wenatchee at the age of 96. He was a champion of public education. As an elementary school principal, he touched thousands of young lives and inspired teaching staffs at several Everett schools. He was the school district’s first director of Head Start and known for the soft spot he had for children growing up in poverty or with challenging home lives. An advocate of music and drama, he had a knack for convincing shy students to perform in talent shows. “Our job,” he would tell his colleagues, “is to make sure kids are starry-eyed, not starey-eyed.” Larry O’Donnell, himself an Everett High School graduate and retired elementary school principal, was a seventh-grade student at South Junior High School when he first encountered Wiggum in 1949. Through the eyes of the 12-year-old, Wiggum was a dynamo, an enthusiastic and energetic English teacher. Years later, as a colleague, he was a principal to emulate. “Everywhere he went, he was just so oriented to kids,” O’Donnell said. “He was like a big kid himself. He liked kids and they knew it.” It was for his work as principal at Hawthorne Elementary that the park was named in his behalf. At Hawthorne, “he was a legend, beloved by parents and students” O’Donnell said. “It is no wonder the nearby park got named for him.” Those sentiments are echoed in a comment section accompanying his online obituary. Jeff Gentzler, of Florence, Oregon, wrote about his time as a Hawthorne student in the early 1960s: “I lived in the old projects and remember him always as just the nicest man. I remember him sometimes watching us play soccer at break time, always with a smile on his face.” One former Hawthorne student recalled Wiggum taking him to a store to buy him a pair of shoes. Another shared the story of the time he broke a window to Wiggum’s office. He was braced for the worst but was met with compassion. Sidra Egge, of Marysville, was a first-year teacher at View Ridge Elementary in 1977 and Wiggum was her principal. His trust and leadership made the entire staff want to live up to his expectations to meet the needs of each student, she said. Decades later, his View Ridge teachers still gather for Christmas parties and other special events. Several plan to attend his memorial service at 2 p.m. March 18 at the First United Methodist Church in Wenatchee. As Egge tells it, Wiggum was more than a mentor. He also was a matchmaker. On her first day at the school, Wiggum introduced her to a newly hired special education teacher. His name was Larry Egge and Wiggum would call him Lars. Wiggum would visit their classrooms to evaluate their teaching skills and explain how they might improve at conferences afterward. “Then he would say, ‘Now how about Lars? He is such a fine gentleman and you two should be together,’” Sidra Egge recalled. “I would blush, smile and quietly walk away.” Six years later, Wiggum attended their wedding. “It was because of him we got together,” Sidra Egge said. Robert Timm was a first-year teacher at the old Monroe School, Everett’s first brick campus that opened in 1893 and closed in 1965 after earthquake damage. Wiggum was his principal. “He bent over backward to make things work out for me as a beginning teacher,” said Timm, now 86 and living in Tulalip. “I felt, ‘Oh boy, he will be patient with me,’ and he was.” Wiggum’s support inspired loyalty and hard work, said Timm, who also became an Everett school principal. Dan and Ann O’Donnell, no relation to Larry O’Donnell, were parents of three children who attended View Ridge in the 1970s. Their children today are 53, 49 and 46, but the couple still fondly remembered their elementary school principal. They were trying to promote soccer at the time and provide more opportunities for children to play. Dan O’Donnell approached Wiggum about making soccer fields at View Ridge. “He said, ‘It’s about the kids, isn’t it?’ ” Dan O’Donnell recalled more than four decades later. Wiggum not only approached the PTA and came up with materials, he helped dig the holes to install equipment. “Kids came first in his mind,” Ann O’Donnell said. “I just hear his name and I get a smile on my face.” Arnold Wiggum was born in Minnesota and moved to Everett in 1922 when he was 2. His parents met aboard a ship while emigrating to the United States. He joined the Army National Guard at 16 and met his wife of 72 years at Washington State College. His children describe his initial infatuation with Irene Nelson as “love at first laugh.” When he heard that laugh at a track meet, he approached her. He soon fell in love. Two months after they married in 1942, Wiggum received his draft notice and became an instrument flying instructor during World War II. The couple had five children, moving from the shadows of Everett Memorial Stadium to a home they helped build off Mukilteo Boulevard near the city limits. Growing up in the Great Depression, they took pride in providing meat on the dinner table every night. Later they watched each of their children graduate from college. Two became teachers. The other three: an accountant, an anesthesiologist and a Boeing jet salesman. For many years, Wiggum sang in the church choir and spent countless hours fishing, crabbing and digging for clams. Always proud of his Scandinavian heritage, he liked his lutefisk and Swedish pancakes at the Sons of Norway Normanna Lodge in downtown Everett. He was pleased that View Ridge voted the Viking as its mascot under his watch. The couple moved from Everett to Wenatchee in their early 90s to be closer to one of their sons. Dr. David Wiggum said his dad loved the close-knit elementary school setting, “that relationship of everyone getting along and pulling together” and “the kids who achieved no matter where they started from.” His father had a long and meaningful life, which invokes in David Wiggum’s mind an African proverb: “When an old man dies, a library burns to the ground.” “I would say that’s appropriate,” Wiggum said. Eric Stevick: 425-339-3446; stevick@hearldnet.com.   Arnie Wiggum (Photo courtesy the Wiggum family) The Wiggums in their Oaks street home in 1956. Arnie Wiggum holds Paulin his lap as Irene holds Dave. In the middle is the oldest, Matt, lower left is sister Jan (Morberg) and lower right is sister Chris (Alexander). (Photo courtesy the Wiggum family) Two women walk dogs at Wiggum’s Hollow Park, named for Arnie Wiggum, on Friday n Everett. A character on the animated TV show “The Simpsons” is also named for the Everett native. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Andy Bronson / The Herald Two women walk dogs at Wiggum’s Hollow Park, named for Arnie Wiggum, on Friday in Everett. A character on the animated TV show “The Simpsons” is also named for the Everett native.   Most Read Julie Muhlstein Everett native sailing solo around the world Andy Stephens was a young Coast Guard veteran, college student and sailboat… Mar 6th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Snohomish County in dispute with landowner over condemned property LYNNWOOD — A dispute over a road-widening project has left a property… Mar 6th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Bothell’s new high school is modeled on the best in the world BOTHELL — Eric McDowell is a high school principal without students. For… Mar 6th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Monroe families, teachers await building’s test results MONROE — A renovation of Sky Valley Education Center over the summer… Mar 5th, 2017 by Kari Bray Class-action lawsuit filed against Lynnwood’s traffic cameras LYNNWOOD — A Lake Forest Park man has filed a federal class-action… Mar 5th, 2017 by Rikki King © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Central American Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports Flight Arrivals US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info US Airlines UK Airlines Canadian Airlines Central American Airlines South American Airlines European Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Airwise Airwise News Back Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide Flight Arrivals Back US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info Airwise Travel Home | < Previous page Airwise Home News Garuda Posts Stronger January Traffic Figures Garuda Posts Stronger January Traffic Figures March 3, 2017 Garuda Indonesia published its operating statistics for January showing increases in passenger numbers and freight carried. Garuda carried 13.5 percent more passengers in the month to 2.95 million from the previous year, with a load factor up 2.6 percentage points at 72.5 percent. Revenue in RPK terms was up 16.7 percent on an available seat km capacity increase of 12.6 percent. Costs per available seat km rose just over 2 percent, but ex-fuel they were down 7.4 percent. Garuda domestic routes saw an increase in passenger numbers to just over 1.5 million for the month, a 7.9 percent lift on 2016. Low cost unit Citilink also had a good month with the number of passengers carried jumping 17.9 percent to 966,538. On international routes, the Indonesian flag carrier posted a 25.8 percent increase in passenger numbers to 460,866. Freight carried was up 15.5 percent on the previous year period. Garuda operates a fleet of mostly Boeing aircraft, with 737-800s on domestic and regional routes, and 777-300ERs on long-haul. It has an order for 50 Boeing 737 MAX 8s to replace older 737s. (Airwise) Top Stories French ATC Strike Causing Flight Cancellations Freight Demand Continues Slow Recovery Hawaiian February Passenger Numbers Ease Back Allegiant Carried More Passengers in February Six Airlines Awarded Mexico City, JFK Slots Search Airwise Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Feature Stories Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Most Viewed Stories Six Airlines Awarded Mexico City, JFK Slots Wizz Air Continues Network Expansion In February Garuda Posts Stronger January Traffic Figures French ATC Strike Causing Flight Cancellations Freight Demand Continues Slow Recovery AIRWISE Home Site Search Contact Us AIRWISE NEWS Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories AIRPORT GUIDE World Airports US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports AIRLINE INFO World Airlines US Airlines UK Airlines European Airlines Canadian Airlines South American Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Copyright © 2017 Ascent Pacific.
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire destroys home near Ridgefield Arrest made in child abduction at hospital Vancouver students march for immigrants, minorities Vancouver Public Schools inclement weather waiver granted Vancouver mom appears in court for drug case House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Man, 27, arrested in Washougal homicide investigation Triple-murder suspect Brent Luyster pleads not guilty Rain, snow mix delays schools, create slick roads Off Beat: Railway not just a place to make a living, but a place to live House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Southwest Washington lawmakers are determined to prove to their counterparts in Oregon that they are ready to revive conversations about… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Community notebook: Free tennis gear giveaway at VTC on Saturday, March 11 Local MMA fighter seeks to keep his star rising Gonzaga reaches 20th straight WCC final Buscher steps down as Skyview girls basketball coach Trail Blazers-Timberwolves game postponed by slick court Weekly high school sports schedule, March 6-11 A tweak here and there could improve RPI Closeness means more than a trophy to Union Stanford rallies past OSU to win Pac-12 tournament Clark draws Whatcom in NWAC Tournament opener Closeness means more than a trophy to Union The Titans don't play for hardware. They play for each other. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories GM eliminating shift at plant; 1,100 jobs affected Organization hosts event to help new entrepreneurs Third Parkrose Hardware open for business Self-storage facility proposed near Vancouver Mall Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier Losses for banks pull U.S. stocks further from record highs Google may have missed a big chance to become a major smartphone maker Trump cheers Exxon plan to spend $20 billion on Gulf Coast projects Make yourself at home in new office Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Vic LeGall is the quintessential Northwest outdoors enthusiast. He owned his own sailboat by age 12 and has enjoyed a… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle Chrissy Teigen reveals postpartum depression battle Vancouver man’s heart condition keeps him from ‘Ninja’ dream   Simone Biles to go for gold on ‘Dancing With Stars’ U.S. poet laureate says use your voice Brain cheers texting and driving ‘Zodiac’ still terrifying, relevant ‘Moonlight’ stars head from Oscars to school Battle Ground woman walks across Spain, twice, and finds her pace Don’t let giving give you a hassle Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle BANGKOK — Tossing coins in a fountain for luck is a popular superstition, but a similar belief brought misery to… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Time to Talk About Bridge Pitts: Newspapers have always had value as watchdogs Letter: Speak out against tyranny Letter: Continue to allow snow tires Letter: Work for liberty and justice for all Letter: Keep the air clean Letter: Beware progressive ideology In Our View: Oil Terminal Just a Bad Idea Jayne: Sky isn’t falling, it’s just dirtier under President Trump Ambrose: Trump moves forward Editorial Cartoons March 5-11 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has A Story: Snaking through canyon an adventure to remember Spotlight on youth Battle Ground schools get grant for new program An old club gets new life in Vancouver Volunteer Opportunities Nonprofit will award more than $1 million in scholarships this year Stonier brings family flag for Day of Remembrance VolunTEENS clean up community center Student youth group volunteers with St. Vincent de Paul High-schoolers head to court for mock trial tournament Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses Back-to-back spills of liquid substances in an alleyway in Uptown Village recently left some neighborhood businesses fuming. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Keystone doesn’t have to use U.S. steel By Justin Sink, Bloomberg Published: March 3, 2017, 5:33 PM A   A The Keystone XL pipeline won’t be required to use American-made steel to earn construction approval from the Trump administration, the White House said Friday, despite President Donald Trump’s repeated claims. The president’s executive order mandating the use of U.S. steel is “specific to new pipelines or those that are being repaired,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday. “Since this one is already current, under construction, the steel is already literally sitting there, it would be hard to go back,” she said. That’s welcome news to TransCanada Corp. as its moves forward with the $8 billion project. The pipeline would span 1,179 miles from Alberta through three states — Montana, South Dakota, and Nebraska — before connecting to an existing network feeding crude to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. The line would carry as much as 830,000 barrels of oil a day, including some from North Dakota’s Bakken shale. In 2012, the company said it expected half of the 821,000 tons of steel needed to construct the pipeline to be produced inside of the United States. The remainder of the steel was expected to be imported from Canada, Italy, and India. But exempting Keystone XL from the president’s requirement to use American steel would seem to fly in the face of Trump’s public comments. Trump has repeatedly boasted that he forced pipeline companies to agree to use U.S. steel in their projects. During a Feb. 23 meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House, Trump told U.S. Steel Corp chief executive Mario Longhi that “the pipe is coming from the U.S.” for the Keystone project, as well as Energy Transfer Partners’s Dakota Access pipeline. “We put you heavy into the pipeline business because we approved, as you know, the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota,” Trump told Longhi. “But they have to buy — meaning, steel, so I’ll say U.S. Steel — but steel made in this country and pipelines made in this country.” During a Feb. 16 press conference, the president said that in exchange for using “the powers of government to make that pipeline happen” the administration “want them to use American steel.” “And they’re willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along,” he said. “Even this order was drawn and they didn’t say that. And I’m reading the order I’m saying why aren’t we using American steel? And they said that’s a good idea.” He repeated the claim a day later during a tour of a Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. “You probably saw the Keystone pipeline I approved recently, and the Dakota,” he said. “And I’m getting ready to sign the bill. I said, ‘where is the pipe made? And they told me not here. I said, that’s good — add a little sentence that you have to buy American steel. And you know what? That’s the way it is. It’s the way it’s going to be.” Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Celebration of Life Set for Bob Walsh Entrepreneur, Sports Executive, Humanitarian and Business Executive Will Be Honored SEATTLE - March 3, 2017 - PRLog -- A Celebration of Life for Seattle-based business consultant, sports executive, humanitarian and social entrepreneur Bob Walsh will be held on Saturday, March 11, from 2-4PM at the Impact HUB in downtown Seattle. Walsh, 76, who passed away January 23 from a respiratory illness in Istanbul, Turkey, was one of the area's most prominent and successful producers, with nearly 100 sports events to his credit, including the Goodwill Games in 1990, three men's NCAA Final Fours, two women's Final Fours and multiple NCAA basketball regional tournaments. He was also a visionary citizen diplomat who helped open up the country of Georgia to US investors and created the first student exchanges with the Middle East after 9/11 through his work at OneWorld Now!. Walsh had been in Tblisi, Georgia, consulting on a business project with the Georgian government, as well as to receive his credentials as an honorary ambassador to the former Soviet republic when he took ill. After a few days, when his condition did not improve, he was airlifted to Istanbul for intensive care. His son, Tim, was with him when he died. Born in Winthrop, MA, Walsh graduated from Marietta (OH) College, then returned to the Boston area where he went to work as a radio and television producer at WMAC, the first station in the U.S. to feature an exclusively all-talk format. Walsh then moved to KABC in Los Angeles as the station's program director. One of Walsh's first KABC hires was former NBA great Bill Russell as a drive-time host. When Russell resigned that position in 1973 to become head coach and general manager of the Seattle SuperSonics, he hired Walsh as his assistant general manager. During his tenure with the Sonics, Walsh negotiated to bring the 1974 NBA All Star Game to Seattle. When Russell left the Sonics in 1977, Walsh also departed the franchise and became a sports agent, representing some of the early icons in Seahawks history, including Jim Zorn and Steve Largent. Walsh eventually grew weary of sports agentry and morphed into an events promoter, scoring his first major achievement when he brought the 1984 NCAA Final Four to the Kingdome. Largely through the promotional efforts of Walsh and his company, Bob Walsh and Associates, the phrase "March Madness" was created. Two more Final Fours, in 1989 and 1995, followed. In the late 1980s, the Seattle Visitor and Convention Bureau held a contest to re-brand Seattle, then the "Queen City," into something more hip. The Bureau then ran the public contest seeking new names. The winning entry was "Emerald City." After that moniker flopped locally (the Seattle Post-Intelligencer ran editorials opposing it), the Bureau hired Walsh and Associates to turn around public opinion. Walsh sought out contacts in the National Football League and at Sports Illustrated and convinced them to always refer to Seattle as "Emerald City" on their broadcasts and in print, which they did. Then Walsh created what became the hugely popular Emerald City Marathon footrace, and that sealed the deal. Seattle has been the "Emerald City" ever since. Among other events, Bob Walsh and Associates also brought the 1987 NBA All Star Game to the Kingdome and the NCAA Women's Final Fours to Tacoma in 1988 and 1989. In all, Walsh and Associates hosted more than 90 national and international events in Seattle during the 1980s and 1990s, topped by the 1990 Goodwill Games, a sports and cultural festival that attracted athletes from 54 nations competing in 23 sports. Through the Goodwill Games, Seattle received its first exposure to the famed Bolshoi Ballet and Moscow Circus. Seattle's largest-ever art exhibit, The Treasures of Moscow, also ran concurrently with the Games. Following the Goodwill Games, Walsh turned his attention to the former Soviet Union, where he had made numerous business contacts while organizing the Games, originally held in Moscow in 1986. Eventually, the focus of those international efforts focused on Tblisi, the capital of the Republic of Georgia, which sought Western investment. Walsh and Associates partnered with the Georgian government on a variety of tourism and real estate projects, including hotel construction, and also created Georgia's first pharmaceutical company, specializing in the manufacture and distribution of vitamins. In the run-up to the Goodwill Games, Walsh and Associates played a role in organizing relief efforts for the 1988 earthquake in Armenia that killed 25,000. That same year, it orchestrated marathon swimmer Lynn Cox's historic crossing of the Bering Strait. In 1990, Walsh cleared the way diplomatically so that famed Seattle mountain climber Jim Whittaker, along with teams from China and the Soviet Union, could scale Mount Everest. Never before had the USA, China and the Soviet Union collaborated on anything. Walsh brought to Seattle numerous Georgians who required specialized medical care not available in Tblisi or anywhere in the Caucasus region, only one of the reasons Georgia was about to honor him with an honorary ambassadorship. Walsh was also responsible for what the New York Times described as "one of the great publicity stunts of the 20th century," the November 1992 launch of a Soyuz rocket from the Republic of Kazakhstan (central Asia) that circled the earth 111 times before plopping into the Pacific Ocean some 30 miles off the coast of Washington state. The rocket's capsule today is on display at Boeing's Museum of Flight. Except for occasional consulting work, Walsh had been semi-retired in recent years. He was inducted into the State of Washington Sports Hall of Fame in 2013 and the Marietta College Hall of Fame in 2014. Even in his semi-retirement, he remained an active founding board member of OneWorldNow!, supporting low-income and minority U.S. high school students to study Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Korean languages and sending them on scholarships to study abroad. Space for the March 11 celebration is limited, and those who wish to attend are asked to RSVP on Eventbrite.com. In lieu of flowers, donations to the Bob Walsh Memorial Fund may be made on GoFundMe.com Contact David Watkins ***@teamwatkins.com End Source : Team Watkins PR Email : ***@teamwatkins.com Tags : Bob Walsh, Bob Walsh Celebration, Bob Walsh Memorial Industry : Business, Entertainment, Sports Location : Seattle - Washington - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Team Watkins News 1st Security Bank Opens Home Lending Office in Everett, WA Disney Channel Start Appears at MarketPlace @ Factoria in Bellevue Washington Irons Brothers Construction Celebrates 15th Anniversary With Opening of New Showroom 1st Security Bank Announces 4 Shredd & Recycling Events 1st Security Bank Home Lending Names David Pearson Manager SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #InfosysVsFounders #Demonetisation #Budget2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Bengal to make policy on fees, donations charged by educational institutions Army blames media for death of whistle-blower soldier Business Standard AI's all-women crew operates 'around the world' flight IANS  |  New Delhi  March 3, 2017 Last Updated at 21:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UU6uxJ ALSO READ Five foreigners assault Air India lady crew member Air India rubbishes survey listing it as third worst airline Air India's balance sheet to be restructured & debt reduced: Jayant Sinha Mega Maldives to start direct New Delhi-Male flights Bird hits aircraft, passengers safe: Air India National passenger carrier Air India on Friday said that its all-women crew has operated an 'around the world' flight on the New Delhi-San Francisco-New Delhi route. According to the airline, flight AI 173 which took off from IGI Airport here on February 27 to San Francisco, covered a distance of around 15,300 km in 15 and a half hours over the Pacific route and on the return journey from San Francisco over the Atlantic. The return leg of flight AI 174 touched down at IGI airport here on Friday evening. "The entire flight was operated by the women staff of eight departments. These departments included cockpit crew, cabin crew, check-in staff, doctor, customer care staff, ATC (air traffic control) and the entire ground handling from operator to technician, engineer and flight dispatcher and trimmer," the airline said in a statement. "Line operation safety audit was done by Harpreet A De Singh, ED (executive director) Flight Safety, Air India. This is the first time that this audit was done by a female officer for around the world trip. Currently, Air India operates to 41 international and 72 domestic destinations with a state-of-the-art fleet comprising of wide-body Boeing B777s, B747s, B787 Dreamliner and the narrow body Airbus A321s, A320s and A319 aircraft. --IANS rv/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On New Delhi | Air India | Delhi | India | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? AI's all-women crew operates 'around the world' flight National passenger carrier Air India on Friday said that its all-women crew has operated an 'around the world' flight on the New Delhi-San Francisco-New Delhi route. National passenger carrier Air India on Friday said that its all-women crew has operated an 'around the world' flight on the New Delhi-San Francisco-New Delhi route. According to the airline, flight AI 173 which took off from IGI Airport here on February 27 to San Francisco, covered a distance of around 15,300 km in 15 and a half hours over the Pacific route and on the return journey from San Francisco over the Atlantic. The return leg of flight AI 174 touched down at IGI airport here on Friday evening. "The entire flight was operated by the women staff of eight departments. These departments included cockpit crew, cabin crew, check-in staff, doctor, customer care staff, ATC (air traffic control) and the entire ground handling from operator to technician, engineer and flight dispatcher and trimmer," the airline said in a statement. "Line operation safety audit was done by Harpreet A De Singh, ED (executive director) Flight Safety, Air India. This is the first time that this audit was done by a female officer for around the world trip. Currently, Air India operates to 41 international and 72 domestic destinations with a state-of-the-art fleet comprising of wide-body Boeing B777s, B747s, B787 Dreamliner and the narrow body Airbus A321s, A320s and A319 aircraft. --IANS rv/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 AI's all-women crew operates 'around the world' flight National passenger carrier Air India on Friday said that its all-women crew has operated an 'around the world' flight on the New Delhi-San Francisco-New Delhi route. According to the airline, flight AI 173 which took off from IGI Airport here on February 27 to San Francisco, covered a distance of around 15,300 km in 15 and a half hours over the Pacific route and on the return journey from San Francisco over the Atlantic. The return leg of flight AI 174 touched down at IGI airport here on Friday evening. "The entire flight was operated by the women staff of eight departments. These departments included cockpit crew, cabin crew, check-in staff, doctor, customer care staff, ATC (air traffic control) and the entire ground handling from operator to technician, engineer and flight dispatcher and trimmer," the airline said in a statement. "Line operation safety audit was done by Harpreet A De Singh, ED (executive director) Flight Safety, Air India. This is the first time that this audit was done by a female officer for around the world trip. Currently, Air India operates to 41 international and 72 domestic destinations with a state-of-the-art fleet comprising of wide-body Boeing B777s, B747s, B787 Dreamliner and the narrow body Airbus A321s, A320s and A319 aircraft. --IANS rv/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Travel Travel Truths Destinations Hotels Offers Holiday types City Beach Tours Cruise Ski Family Luxury Advice More Cancel All Features Hotels Tours Destinations Features Hotels Tours Telegraph Travel Travel Truths How and why do planes dump fuel – and is it dangerous to people on the ground? A passenger plane jettisons fuel at high altitude Credit: ALAMY Gavin Haines 3 March 2017 • 3:42pm Shortly after flight VS43 took off from Gatwick Airport in December 2014, the pilots realised there was a problem: the landing gear hadn’t retracted properly. One set of wheels had become jammed. They would have to turn back. Aside from having less rubber to touch down with, the pilots had another problem: the fuel-laden plane was too heavy to land safely. Too heavy to land under normal circumstances, let alone with malfunctioning landing gear. Flight VS34 had a problem with its landing gear, forcing the pilots to return to Gatwick Credit: GETTY “The maximum weight for takeoff is often considerably greater than the maximum weight for landing,” explains Patrick Smith, an airline pilot and author of Cockpit Confidential. “This is the case for a few reasons, the obvious ones being that touching down puts higher stresses on an airframe than taking off, and heavy-weight landings require a very high touchdown speed, which makes stopping more problematic.” The solution, then? Dump fuel, which is exactly what the pilots of VS43 did, releasing thousands of gallons of kerosine over southern England before returning to Gatwick, where they landed safely. Flight VS34 landed safety after jettisoning fuel over southern England Credit: GETTY “Generally dumping happens at a high enough altitude for it to dissipate – it doesn't reach the ground in liquid form or come raining down on people,” says Smith. “It sounds terrible but one way or another that fuel is going into the atmosphere.” Fuel is stored in the wings of a plane and is jettisoned from small nozzles also located in the wings. The pilot typically goes through a three or four step process to engage the plumbing and start dumping fuel. Where an airliner’s fuel is stored Smith himself has been in a situation where he had to jettison fuel. “About 20 years ago, when I was flying a cargo plane, the crew oxygen system failed,” he recalls. “It wasn’t an emergency, but it meant we had no supplemental oxygen, so if there had been a depressurisation we wouldn’t have been able to breath.” Smith was forced to land at the nearest airport – Bangor in Maine, US – but not before dumping several thousand gallons of fuel.   It can take a while to jettison all that kerosine: flight VS43 was in the air for several hours before it could land at Gatwick. In an emergency, however, there simply isn’t enough time to dump fuel, meaning the pilot will have to land overweight. This also happened to Smith. “We took off from New York once and we had a medical issue on board that was becoming more serious by the minute,” he said. The confessions of an airline pilot “We decided to go back and because the situation was becoming urgent we opted to land overweight – we didn’t take time to do the dumping. Smith liaised with the airline’s technical team to ensure the safest possible landing. After touching down the plane was inspected and given the all clear to fly. “We were in the air again within a few hours,” said Smith.   Not all planes are capable of dumping fuel. Boeing’s 747 and 777 both have the ability to jettison kerosine, as has the Airbus A380 and an A330. However, regional jets such as a Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 can not. “These smaller jets must circle or, if need be, land overweight,” says Smith. “For some planes, landing and takeoff limits are the same, in which case it doesn’t matter.” Best of | Travel truths Follow the latest Telegraph Travel news READ MORE ABOUT: aviation Show more Read more 02 Mar 2017, 4:54pm Is there a doctor on board? What really happens during a medical emergency at 35,000 feet 19 Feb 2017, 9:00am What can you get away with stealing from hotels? 16 Feb 2017, 3:37pm How many planes are there in the world right now? 09 Feb 2017, 9:47am What to do when the pilot dies: The idiot's guide to landing a plane 08 Feb 2017, 2:38pm How do zero gravity planes work? And how much do cats enjoy it? Travel latest 07 Mar 2017, 9:01am Where to stay and what to do in Porto 07 Mar 2017, 8:15am How to stay safe while backpacking 06 Mar 2017, 5:37pm The best of northern Europe (according to you) 06 Mar 2017, 5:26pm Top 10: the best luxury hotels in Devon Gallery 06 Mar 2017, 4:45pm Gallery: Incredible high-tech ski and snowboard kit you'll want to own 06 Mar 2017, 4:32pm The fabulous New York apartment with a catch - your neighbours are the Trumps 06 Mar 2017, 4:30pm Britain's 25 best spring walks 06 Mar 2017, 4:13pm Foreign Office warns travellers not to fly on major Caribbean airline 06 Mar 2017, 3:15pm The seven wonders of the British springtime you must see before it's too late 06 Mar 2017, 3:00pm Europe's best 10 beaches for a party 06 Mar 2017, 2:54pm Is a weekend ski break worth the hassle? 06 Mar 2017, 2:28pm From cocaine hills to coconut palms in Colombia Gallery 06 Mar 2017, 1:15pm Gallery: Revealed: The 10 cleanest capital cities on Earth 06 Mar 2017, 1:00pm The surprising history of London's fascinating (but forgotten) coffeehouses 06 Mar 2017, 12:29pm £300m BrewDog to open beer hotel – if you can spare some cash to build it 06 Mar 2017, 12:23pm The holidays that could improve your life 06 Mar 2017, 12:12pm 50 reasons why a holiday in Britain beats the Med 06 Mar 2017, 11:36am Trump shelves plan to make airlines list baggage fees alongside headline fares 06 Mar 2017, 11:25am Travellers face summer of 'disruption and misery', airline warns 06 Mar 2017, 11:00am Why we should still take our kids to the zoo 06 Mar 2017, 10:59am Visitors to US airports warned to expect 'more rigorous' body searches 06 Mar 2017, 10:35am Inside Barceló Torre de Madrid, the city's coolest design hotel If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Home Industry Lockheed says in talks with Spain, Belgium, others on buying F-35s Lockheed says in talks with Spain, Belgium, others on buying F-35s Lockheed Martin Corp said on Friday it was talking to the governments of Spain, Switzerland and Belgium about selling its F-35 fighter jets to the European nations. By: Reuters | Avalon | Published: March 3, 2017 1:49 PM “We are talking to several other countries – Switzerland, Belgium, Spain,” Jeff Babione, Lockheed Martin’s F-35 programme leader, told reporters at the Avalon Airshow in Australia.(Reuters) Lockheed Martin Corp said on Friday it was talking to the governments of Spain, Switzerland and Belgium about selling its F-35 fighter jets to the European nations. Bringing new customers could help significantly reduce the cost of the military aircraft after several blowouts and production delays. The United States and 10 allies are clients of the F-35 currently. “We are talking to several other countries – Switzerland, Belgium, Spain,” Jeff Babione, Lockheed Martin’s F-35 programme leader, told reporters at the Avalon Airshow in Australia. “There are quite a few other European nations that are looking at perhaps having the F-35 as an opportunity,” Babione said. “We are starting to see other customers think about the F-35 being added to their fleet.” Another person familiar with the discussions, who was not authorised to speak on the record, said that Finland was also in talks. Babione said that countries already signed up to the F-35 program along with the United States – Australia, Denmark, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Turkey, the United Kingdom, Japan, South Korea and Israel – need to start ordering in blocks beyond yearly commitments to help meet a reduced target cost of $80 million by 2020. “It is actually a very reasonable target but it is going to take cooperation in changing the way we buy the aircraft,” he said. Watch this also: U.S. President Donald Trump has criticised the cost of the project. While the price per jet has steadily declined since the first jets were delivered to the U.S. military in 2011 as production has increased, it remains at $94.6 million. Lockheed is pressing purchasers to agree to a three-year block buy that would help reduce costs by bulk sourcing parts. “The longer we do it the more we are able to aggregate,” Babione said. “Maybe in the future you are talking about a multi-year and you could do a five year multi-year and increase the savings.” Babione also urged Canada to speed up a decision about whether it would buy the F-35s or Boeing Co’s Super Hornets instead. The Pentagon’s head of the F-35 programme said earlier this week at Avalon that the overall reliability of the jets is being pulled down by initial versions of the aircraft which do not perform as well as more recently delivered jets. “Unfortunately today the aircraft reliability and maintainability of the airplane is what I would call flat,” Lieutenant General Chris Bogdan of the U.S. Department of Defense said. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Jammu and Kashmir: 12 terrorists raid policeman's house in Shopian Medanta air ambulance crash: Naresh Trehan expresses grief Indo-Israel ties set to grow with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit Panama papers leak: Supreme Court asks Centre to file reports in four weeks Show zero tolerance towards 'State-sponsored terror': India to IORA Two-thirds Indians have to pay bribe, highest in Asia Pacific: Survey 3D-printed, lifelike blood vessel network created Donald Trump's travel ban not against Muslims: US officials Jammu and Kashmir: Contractual NHM employees protest in Srinagar; police use water canons Sourav Ganguly attacks Ravi Shastri again, says 'maybe he never saw me lead the team' Egypt's Eman Ahmed ready to shed the tag of world's heaviest woman, loses 120 kg in less than a month  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Assembly Elections 2017 News नारियल जूस या अनानास: राहुल गांधी का मजाक उड़ाने की कोशिश में गलती कर गए पीएम मोदी और अमित शाह, देखें वीडियो मणिपुर : बीजेपी दफ्तर पर हमला, कार्यकर्ताओं ने लगाया कांग्रेस पर आरोप, कहा- यह उनकी बौखलाहट है देवरिया में अखिलेश का मोदी पर निशाना, पीएम की गोद तो इतनी बड़ी है कि सभी सहयोगी दलों को गोद में बिठाया Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Looks who's bailed out internet-satellite provider IntelSat? It's... Softbank? IBM and Cisco have another crack at converged infrastructure Shopping for PCs? Ding, dong, the Dock is dead in 2017's new models Internet declared a citizen's right for 34 million Indians Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Looks who's bailed out internet-satellite provider IntelSat? It's... Softbank? IBM and Cisco have another crack at converged infrastructure IBM has cloud access to quantum computer 400 times smaller than D-Wave system Solarwinds sends customers each others' complete client lists Google opens cloudy cannery to let you cram code into containers UK's Virgin Media subscribers suffer fresh email blocking misery Linus Torvalds lashes devs who 'screw all the rules and processes' and send him 'crap' Microsoft wants you to plan a new generation of legacy systems Boffins show Intel's SGX can leak crypto keys That big scary 1.4bn leak was basically nothing but email addresses Shamoon malware spawns even nastier 'StoneDrill' Put down the coffee, stop slacking your app chaps or whatever – and patch Wordpress Big data should be 'part of UK's core national infrastructure' – Civil Service chief exec Hyperconverged market gets hyper-competitive as new riders enter field Cloud industry body sets up new data protection code World to spend US$2.4 TRILLION on tech in 2017 Continuous Lifecycle: Final Countdown for early bird tickets Docker looks big biz in the eye: It's not you, it's EE – Enterprise Edition We're busting open containers at Continuous Lifecycle You're mulling GitHub Enterprise. Not keen on on-prem hosting. You don't totally hate cloud... Policy The Channel Internet declared a citizen's right for 34 million Indians Come in King Battistelli, your time at the Euro Patent Office is up RadioShack bankruptcy savior to file for, you guessed it, bankruptcy Sprint sprints off with $140m from Time Warner after VoIP patent battle Shopping for PCs? Ding, dong, the Dock is dead in 2017's new models Watt the f... Dim smart meters caught simply making up readings YouTube TV will be huge. Apple must respond Did your in-flight entertainment widget suck? It's Panasonic's fault, claims software biz SPB Geek's Guide Raw TRAPPIST-1 data lands tomorrow for crowdsourced hijinks Mars orbiter FLOORS IT to avoid hitting MOON Japan's Venus probe power plight panacea: Turn it off and on again ...and again and again... BONG! Lasers crack Big Ben frequency riddle BONG! No idea what to do with this info BONG! Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Stop the press: Journos not happy losing jobs to journo bots, say journos If we must have an IoT bog roll holder, can we at least make it secure? UK govt's £17.3m AI-boffinry cash injection is just 'a token amount' US military drone goes AWOL, ends up crashing into tree 623 miles away Verity Stob 'Baby, I know your database needs upgrades tonight' RAF pilot sacked for sending Airbus Voyager into sudden dive Has your spouse stayed on after Mobile World Congress? This sex doll brothel might be why Google, what the hell? Search giant wrongly said shop closed down, refused to list the truth More like this Lithium-Ion Personal Tech Li-ion king Goodenough creates battery he says really is... good enough Batt inventor John is back – and says his latest design charges fast, holds more energy 3 Mar 2017 at 07:04, Iain Thomson A team led by John Goodenough, the man who played a key role in creating the lithium-ion battery, thinks it has cracked a replacement. Goodenough, 94, and his merry band at the University of Texas have developed a solid-state battery that has three times the energy storage of a similarly sized li-ion power pack, can handle more charging cycles, will recharge much more quickly than conventional batteries, and won't burst into flames if damaged. "Cost, safety, energy density, rates of charge and discharge and cycle life are critical for battery-driven cars to be more widely adopted. We believe our discovery solves many of the problems that are inherent in today's batteries," Goodenough said. Rather than using liquid electrolytes, the solid-state battery uses glass electrolytes and an alkali-metal anode, which could be made of lithium, sodium or potassium. Using such an anode increases the energy density of a cathode and the battery is very resilient, with the team taking it through 1,200 recharges without loss of performance. Using glass electrolytes also has its own advantages. They can operate at very low temperatures – down to -20 degrees Celsius – and don't need complex chemistry. They were developed by Cockrell School senior research fellow Maria Helena Braga, who worked with Goodenough on the project. "The glass electrolytes allow for the substitution of low-cost sodium for lithium. Sodium is extracted from seawater that is widely available," she said. Finally, and most importantly for some purposes, the batteries shouldn't, in theory, catch fire. Exploding batteries are a serious problem, as Samsung and Boeing found out to their detriment, and having a safer alternative would be welcomed by many. Here at El Reg we've seen far too many stories about battery advances that never pan out. But if someone of the stature of Goodenough is on board, this looks like it could be a winner. ® Tips and corrections 74 Comments More from The Register Lithium ion batteries banned from passenger aircraft holds Grounded pending development of 'fire-resistant packaging' 27 Comments Panasonic wants you to wear Li-Ion batteries. The ones that explode Claims bendy battery won't burn, is ideal for credit-card-sized gadgets 29 Comments Li-ion tamers: Boffins build battery with built-in fire extinguisher Can we just go ahead and call it 'the Samsung device' now? 28 Comments FAA issues lithium battery warning Keep spares in your hand luggage, airline passengers told 33 Comments WTF ... makes mobile phone batteries explode? Explainer In the phablet, the silent phablet, the LiOn sleeps tonight 47 Comments EU dings Sony, Panasonic over rechargeable battery cartel Supergrass Samsung walks free 25 Comments Whitepapers How good collaboration tools can elevate IT’s Role According to a recent survey, nearly 60% of workers think the collaboration tools IT provides aren’t useful. That’s a significant percentage of unhappy employees who see IT as the blockers–not enablers–of collaboration. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Penn State enhances research computing with Red Hat cloud Infrastructure On the main campus of Pennsylvania State University, a bronze statue of the Nittany Lion proudly stands guard. The CIO Guide to Autonomic IT How do you assure application performance while minimizing costs. Most read 1.37bn records from somewhere to leak on Monday YouTube TV will be huge. Apple must respond Linus Torvalds lashes devs who 'screw all the rules and processes' and send him 'crap' Mars orbiter FLOORS IT to avoid hitting MOON MP brands 1,600 CSC layoffs as the 'worst excesses of capitalism' Spotlight 81's 99 in 17: Still a lotta love for the TI‑99/4A – TI's forgotten classic Vinyl, filofaxes – why not us too, pleads Nokia Speaking in Tech's Greg accepts dare to moonlight as an Uber driver 'Grey technology' should be the new black To Hull with the crap town naysayers: UK Culture City's got some amazing... telecoms Nielsen, eat your heart out: TiVo woos admen with prediction engine Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms How Apple exploded Europe's crony capitalism Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Just how important is flash storage in business? Make you voice heard. Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers Russell: '$20 billion club' sees pension deficit grow by $12 billion in 2016 Meaghan Kilroy | March 1, 2017 4:18 pm | Updated 4:31 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart Public plans push on with real estate; corporate plans are less enthused View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top-Performing Money Managers: Fixed Income View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO Face to Face with Macky Tall, Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
