Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Flight Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Get Smart Learn to Code on the Cheap With This Complete Guide 'Sixth Generation' Fighters Jets Are Already Taking Shape The jets won't fly for another fifteen years, but are so complicated planning needs to start now. Most Popular By Kyle Mizokami Mar 27, 2017 The United States, United Kingdom, Germany and Japan are all in early planning stages for a so-called "sixth generation" of fighter jets. The jets won't fly until the 2030s, but governments around the world are already exploring designs. Fifth generation fighters were different from their fourth generation predecessors by incorporating stealth directly into the designs of aircraft, resulting in sleeker planes that carry weapons internally and have a reduced radar signature. The downside is while fifth gen jets are capable of carrying fuel and weapons externally, doing so breaks their carefully designed stealth characteristics. Other features of fifth generation fighters include active electronic scanning array radars and engines powerful enough to cruise above the speed of sound without afterburners. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The feature set for sixth generation fighters hasn't yet been nailed down, but longer range and payload are emerging as two key requirements. Artificial intelligence will likely play a role, sorting data and analyzing threats to reduce the pilot's workload. Optional manning is another likely feature, with the ability to fly fighters remotely. On the other edge of the manning spectrum, two seat fighters will probably evolve into something new. While "backseaters" used to control the jet's radar, their modern counterparts will likely control and orchestrate swarms of unmanned aerial vehicles. Boeing's new sixth generation design. Via Aviation Week & Space Technology. Most Popular In the United States, the U.S. Air Force is seeking an extra $147 million to fund early development of the Penetrating Counter Air Fighter (PCA). PCA is an Air Force program designed to field a fighter to replace the F-22 Raptor. The Air Force has said little about what it wants in the new fighter, but range and payload are expected to be two main requirements. Range is useful both to self-deploy in a crisis and to accompany the new B-21 Raider bomber on deep penetration strikes, one possible mission for the new fighter. Boeing has already released early concept art of its PCA candidate. PCA could fly as early as 2028. Japanese DMU25 fighter concept art. Via Japanese Ministry of Defense Technical Research and Development Institute. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Elsewhere, Japan and Great Britain have signed a surprise agreement to explore the idea of jointly developing a new fighter for fielding in the 2030s. According to Aviation Week & Space Technology, the two countries will "exchange information on their ambitions" and "advise each other of their capabilities." Japan is looking to develop a large, twin-engine, two crewman aircraft to replace the Mitsubishi F-2 fighter. The country's sixth generation fighter concept, nicknamed Future Fighter, is a large fighter designed for long range missions against China in the East China Sea and possibly North Korea. Currently Japanese F-15 and F-2 fighters flying missions in the East China Sea can only operate from a handful of local airfields—fighters with a longer range fighter could operate from more airfields farther away. Related Story The 23 Best iPhone Apps to Download Now The UK's Future Combat Air System (FCAS) will replace the Eurofighter Typhoon starting in 2040. FCAS might be an unmanned aerial vehicle; the UK has been quietly testing the Taranis combat drone since 2012. Unlike current drones, Taranis is being developed to attack aerial targets in addition to ground targets. Unmanned is an option for FCAS, but the UK Ministry of Defense has admitted the program could still result in a manned fighter. Could the agreement result in a fighter flown by both countries? Possibly, although the two countries sound like they want very different things. At this point it seems more likely the agreement will result in technology transfers rather than an actual aircraft that satisfies both countries. The two countries had previously agreed on joint air-to-air missile development. The UK has worked to develop the Meteor missile, a long range, beyond visual range missile. Ramjet powered, the Meteor is extremely fast. Japan on the other hand has been a leader in missile seekers, producing the AAM-4B, the first missile with a built-in active electronically scanned array radar—the same kind of radar that rides on modern fighter planes such as the F-22. A joint effort would produce an exceptionally deadly missile: a ramjet-powered, AESA-equipped guided weapon capable of fitting in the internal weapons bay of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, which both countries are purchasing. Airbus Defence and Space's FCAS concept art. Finally, Germany is also looking to develop a sixth generation fighter, also named Future Combat Air System (FCAS). FCAS will replace the German Air Force's aging fleet of Tornado IDS strike aircraft and supplement the Eurofighter Typhoon. According to Telegiz, the "FCAS will likely be a twin-engine, twin-tail aircraft piloted by two crewmen"—which actually sounds a lot like what Japan wants—to be operational in the 2030 to 2040 airframe. FCAS could be both manned and unmanned, and manned versions could fly alongside and control unmanned versions. More from Popular Mechanics: More From Military Aviation Military Aviation Share Trump Wants an Enormous Funding Increase for America's Next Fighter GIF Military Aviation Share The Next Generation F-15 Is Packed With Missiles Military Aviation Share Iran's Homemade "Fighter" Plane Nearly Ready Military Aviation Share Boy Finds WWII Plane, Complete With the Pilot's Remains Military Aviation Share The Air Force's Elusive RQ-170 Sentinel Drone Sighted Over California Military Aviation Share Tiny Drone-Based Surveillance System Can Watch Over a Entire Small Town Military Aviation Share Watch Lockheed's New T-50A Trainer Soar and Roll Through the Air Military Aviation Share The Air Force Wants a New Lightweight Fighter to Do What the F-35 Can't Military Aviation Share Gorgeous Video Captures the Current State of the F-35 Military Aviation Share Report Says European Mystery Radiation Isn't Real. That Isn't Stopping an Air Force Investigation. Military Military Aviation Fighter Jets U.S., NATO Already Planning the Next Generation of Fighter Jets The Other 9/11 Memorial Is Taking Shape Lockheed Is Using These Augmented Reality Glasses to Build Fighter Jets The New Saab Fighter Jets Sure Look Pretty This Chart Explains How Crazy-Expensive Fighter Jets Have Gotten Chinese Researchers Develop Material to Make Jets Stealthier than Ever More From Military Aviation PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
KIRO Radio 710 ESPN SEATTLE AM 770 KTTH FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ALERTS Weather Traffic Sports Radio Ways to Listen Podcasts On-Demand Stations KIRO Radio 97.3 FM 710 ESPN Seattle AM 770 KTTH Mobile Apps KIRO Radio App 710 ESPN Seattle App Promotions Contests and Events Voices KIRO Radio Dave Ross Tom and Curley Dori Monson Ron and Don Jason and Burns 770 KTTH Todd Herman Michael Medved Lifestyle & Entertainment Rachel Belle Tom Tangney MyNorthwest MyNorthwest Blog News Local News National News Politics Chokepoints Lifestyle World News Money Technology Odd News Sponsored Features Tools Weather Traffic Earthquake Tracker School Closings Police Blotter Latest News John Clayton Listen: John Clayton on difficulties NFL may face in Las Vegas Ron and Don Report: Man who allegedly attacked Seattle restaurateur released Brent Stecker Listen: Mariners legend Ken Griffey Jr on baseball's influx of emotion Seattle Mariners Notebook: Six days before season opener, Mariners are 'ready to go' Seattle Mariners Mariners RHP Shae Simmons has flexor strain; rehab slowed down Tom and Curley Curley: Mark my words, Sound Transit will triple-dip on I-90 bridge price Local News 'We will not be bullied' by feds, King County exec. says Local News Council president to Seattle arena investors: You're not addressing the elephant in the room College Hoops Washington's Kelsey Plum unanimous choice as AP women's basketball All-American Local News King County unlikely to comply with new ICE 'detainer' procedure Seattle Mariners Video: Jean Segura, Ben Gamel flash defensive gems for Mariners Dave Ross One thing we can all agree on: plugging the money leaks Local News City employees aren’t all buying into Seattle’s own traffic program Local News How did lawmakers miss Sound Transit's car tab formula? Jason and Burns Rantz: ST3 proponents preyed on our gullibility, bilked us of millions Seattle Mariners Mariners' Jarrod Dyson looking forward to Opening Day and playing every day Brock and Salk Listen: Brock Huard says Seahawks should consider Robert Griffin III Local News Seattle mayor 'willing to risk losing every penny' over 'sanctuary' status Seattle Mariners Listen: Shannon Drayer on Mitch Haniger, injuries and how the Mariners' bullpen is shaping up Local News Democrats willing to exempt Boeing from higher business taxes Brady Henderson Seahawks re-sign Dewey McDonald, adding to LB stockpile Local News After a 'disaster' of an experience, Seattle buries bike share Dave Ross Victims of human trafficking are 'hiding in plain sight' Local News 23 of 27 days have been rainy at SeaTac this month Local News 2 years after acquittal, Amanda Knox sends nostalgic message Local News Dick's Drive-In to build new location in south region Local News AG Sessions says country 'less safe' due to sanctuary cities Local News Restaurant owner blasts Murray's plan for Seattle soda tax Dave Ross Trump couldn't kill Obamacare but will he sabotage it? Local News 'Recession' comes up in discussion over Sound Transit funding   Home Local News Sports Traffic Weather LIVE Radio Podcasts Our Radio Stations KIRO Radio 97.3 FM 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM Opinion Dave Ross Dori Monson Tom and Curley Ron and Don Jason Rantz Rachel Belle Todd Herman Michael Medved In the News Local News National News World News Chokepoints Politics Lifestyle Money Technology Odd News Sports Sports News Mariners Seahawks Sounders FC Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts More Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach KIRO Radio 97.3 FM Listen LIVE Watch In-Studio Podcasts Download the App On-Air Schedule 710 ESPN Seattle Listen LIVE Watch In-Studio Podcasts Download the App On-Air Schedule AM 770 KTTH Listen LIVE Podcasts On-Air Schedule Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Local News Democrats willing to exempt Boeing from higher business taxes By KIRO Radio Staff, Staff report   | March 27, 2017 @ 3:59 pm House Democrats didn't explain why Boeing would be exempt from higher business taxes. (AP) Comments Share Tweet Share Share Democrats hope to rely partly on higher business taxes to comply with a court ruling on state education funding. But The Boeing Co. would be exempt. Report: Boeing’s end to staggered start times for some workers In announcing their budget plan Monday, House Democrats didn’t explain why Boeing wouldn’t be included, other than to say it was a compromise made to ensure their plan would move forward. The aerospace company has benefited much from tax breaks in recent history. Just last year, for example, The Seattle Times reported tax breaks saved Boeing about $500 million over the past two years. In 2014, Boeing saved $217 million. In 2015, it saw a savings of $305. More tax breaks would come as Boeing trims its workforce in order to stay competitive in the market. At least 170 Boeing workers in the Puget Sound area received layoff notices on March 17. When it comes to the budget, Representative Kristine Lytton says another exception will have to be made when it comes to class sizes. “While we continue to make progress on class size reduction we do delay the provisions of Initiative 1351 for another two years as we continue to focus on more pressing needs moving forward,” she said. Overall, the Democratic budget includes more than $7 billion in additional funding for education over the next four years. The Democrats’ $44 billion budget includes about $3 billion in new taxes. The Democratic budget relies on raising business taxes and a new 7 percent capital gains tax. Tacoma Representative Laurie Jenkins says Washington state is one of the only states that doesn’t tax capital gains right now. “We are so outside the mainstream and how we’re handling capital gains in the fact that we’re not handling it at all.” Funding education may be the priority, but Democrats say their budget proposal would also support some of the state’s most vulnerable by pumping billions into human service programs. It’s a stark contrast to the Republican proposal released last week, which relies on government cuts and a property tax swap to fund education. Republican Senator John Braun says the House plan uses education as an excuse to raise taxes for everything else. “Our proposal and their proposal is similar. If anything we’re higher in K-12, and yet they need $8 billion over the next four years to pay for theirs. That tells me these taxes are not about K-12. They are about everything but K-12.” The House proposal was set for it’s first public hearing later Monday. Comments Share Tweet Share Share Most Popular Council president to Seattle arena investors: You're not addressing the elephant in the room City employees aren’t all buying into Seattle’s own traffic program Rantz: ST3 proponents preyed on our gullibility, bilked us of millions More 'We will not be bullied' by feds, King County exec. says Council president to Seattle arena investors: You're not addressing the elephant in the room King County unlikely to comply with new ICE 'detainer' procedure City employees aren’t all buying into Seattle’s own traffic program How did lawmakers miss Sound Transit's car tab formula? About the Author KIRO Radio Staff Straight from the newsdesk. Top Stories City employees aren’t all buying into Seattle’s own traffic program Lawmaker insists ST3 car tab formula wasn’t clear Gee Scott: Seahawks QB Trevone Boykin let down the city, franchise Sponsored Articles Cooking with spirits: Spicy and sweet chicken thighs & bloody mary soup Health science research improves lives and creates jobs 5 reasons to visit Leavenworth this Spring Comments Comment guidelines: No name-calling, personal attacks, profanity, or insults. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate comments by reporting abuse. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Latest News John Clayton Listen: John Clayton on difficulties NFL may face in Las Vegas Ron and Don Report: Man who allegedly attacked Seattle restaurateur released Brent Stecker Listen: Mariners legend Ken Griffey Jr on baseball's influx of emotion Seattle Mariners Notebook: Six days before season opener, Mariners are 'ready to go' Seattle Mariners Mariners RHP Shae Simmons has flexor strain; rehab slowed down Tom and Curley Curley: Mark my words, Sound Transit will triple-dip on I-90 bridge price Local News 'We will not be bullied' by feds, King County exec. says Local News Council president to Seattle arena investors: You're not addressing the elephant in the room College Hoops Washington's Kelsey Plum unanimous choice as AP women's basketball All-American Local News King County unlikely to comply with new ICE 'detainer' procedure Seattle Mariners Video: Jean Segura, Ben Gamel flash defensive gems for Mariners Dave Ross One thing we can all agree on: plugging the money leaks Local News City employees aren’t all buying into Seattle’s own traffic program Local News How did lawmakers miss Sound Transit's car tab formula? Jason and Burns Rantz: ST3 proponents preyed on our gullibility, bilked us of millions Seattle Mariners Mariners' Jarrod Dyson looking forward to Opening Day and playing every day Brock and Salk Listen: Brock Huard says Seahawks should consider Robert Griffin III Local News Seattle mayor 'willing to risk losing every penny' over 'sanctuary' status Seattle Mariners Listen: Shannon Drayer on Mitch Haniger, injuries and how the Mariners' bullpen is shaping up Local News Democrats willing to exempt Boeing from higher business taxes Brady Henderson Seahawks re-sign Dewey McDonald, adding to LB stockpile Local News After a 'disaster' of an experience, Seattle buries bike share Dave Ross Victims of human trafficking are 'hiding in plain sight' Local News 23 of 27 days have been rainy at SeaTac this month Local News 2 years after acquittal, Amanda Knox sends nostalgic message Local News Dick's Drive-In to build new location in south region Local News AG Sessions says country 'less safe' due to sanctuary cities Local News Restaurant owner blasts Murray's plan for Seattle soda tax Dave Ross Trump couldn't kill Obamacare but will he sabotage it? Local News 'Recession' comes up in discussion over Sound Transit funding Seattle, Washington, USA Top Stories Western Washington Local News Real Estate Traffic Weather Nation/World National News Politics Lifestyle World News Money Technology Odd News Voices Commentary Dave Ross MyNorthwest Blog Lifestyle & Entertainment Rachel Belle Tom Tangney Tom Douglas KIRO Radio Tom and Curley Dori Monson Ron and Don Jason and Burns 770 KTTH Todd Herman Michael Medved Radio LIVE Listen now Watch in-studio video Stations KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM On-Demand Podcasts Mobile Apps KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle Sports 710 ESPN Seattle Seattle Seahawks Seattle Mariners Seattle Sounders FC MLB Scoreboard NFL Scoreboard Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Podcasts Help Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts Part of the MyNorthwest.com Network of Sites © 2017 Bonneville International. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. All rights reserved. EEO Public File Report. Copyright Infringement FCC Public File: KIRO-FM | KIRO-AM | KTTH FCC STATION REPRESENTATIVE: TOM PIERSON – TPIERSON@BONNEVILLE.COM 206.726.7000
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Market Weather × Top Stories Gilbert's Brush Park development gets $7.5 million state loan Jolly Pumpkin owner plans 'meat-themed' restaurant on Selden in Midtown Ford plans to invest an additional $350 million in Michigan plants Duggan adds 2 Detroit journalists to communications staff New Harbor Health Plan begins under new ownership, aims for growth Under Armour to open Detroit store in April Obamacare survives — but some rural Michigan hospitals may not Michigan's electric reliability: Better than the national average Ford to announce investments in 3 Michigan plants, report says Sources: Building with 'bleeding rainbow' mural under contract to The Platform Special Report Future stock: How companies groom and train new leaders × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Michigan Stock Index About the Index View the Companies × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Index Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Carlos Portocarrero - Digital City Moments Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising Dustin Walsh - Economic issues Jay Greene - Health care Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Kirk Pinho - Real estate Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries March 27, 2017 Updated Adient to work with Boeing on airplane seating By Automotive News Only a few months after spinning off from Johnson Controls Inc., automotive seating supplier Adient Ltd. is looking to lift its business to 30,000 feet by collaborating with The Boeing Co. The partnership with Boeing, announced Monday, marks Plymouth-based Adient's entry point into the commercial aircraft market, and is part of the company's push to expand into adjacent mobility markets. Adient spokesman David Roznowski said the company expects to excel in aircraft interiors, but… Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe at three different levels -- digital, print + digital and our newest level: Data Membership. Subscribe Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Index Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Sports Business Report Crain's Nonprofit Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Data & Lists Crain's Special Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE March 26, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Tax-Free No More: Amazon To Begin Collecting Sales Tax Nationwide On April 1 Forbes Kelly Phillips Erb, Forbes Staff 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL All aboard: American Airlines takes $200 million stake in China Southern Saudi Aramco tax slashed to prepare oil producer for giant IPO © AP Photo/Ted S. Warren Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon “Prime Air” cargo plane on display Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. If you’ve been enjoying sales tax-free purchases online, get ready for a major change. Amazon will begin collecting sales taxes from all states with a sales tax as of April 1, 2017. That’s no April Fool’s Day joke: it’s for real. Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 856.15 +9.13 +1.08% After years of fighting the imposition of sales tax on a state by state basis – from court battles to corporate exemptions – Amazon has been pursuing a different tack of late. The online retail giant has been adding – not fighting – states to its list of jurisdictions subject to sales tax. You can see the list as it appears today here. The list is about to get a little longer. Next month, Amazon will begin collecting sales tax in Hawaii, Idaho, Maine, and New Mexico. Those four states are the last to be added to the list, rounding out a complete list of 45 states where Amazon will now collect sales tax. That means that as of next month, Amazon will be collecting sales tax nationwide. And no, I didn’t skip the geography class: I know there are 50 states. Amazon won’t collect sales tax in Alaska, Delaware, Montana, New Hampshire, and Oregon. Those states do not have a state sales tax. Collecting sales tax on online purchases has been a controversial subject for years. Companies which make sales over the internet are still subject to the same sales tax collection requirements as so-called “brick and mortar” stores. Generally, the test is whether the company has a physical presence in that state: if a company has a physical presence in a state, they are required to collect and remit sales taxes. The test is the result of 25-year-old Supreme Court ruling in Quill Corp. v. North Dakota. In that case, the Court ruled that only those companies with a physical presence inside a state can be required to collect sales tax, “continuing value of a bright-line rule in this area.” The key, of course, is that the definition of physical presence can change even as technology changes. (You can read more about the history of sales tax and mail order catalogs here.) Retailers don’t love the rule because it’s more work for them. Figuring sales tax in multiple states and localities can be complicated and expensive. So, for years, online retailers like Amazon have largely railed against an expansion of sales tax to the internet while brick and mortar stores have argued for expanding the tax, claiming it would level the retail playing field. Related video: Why half of all households have Amazon Prime Click to expand Replay Video How to talk your way out of a speeding ticket Chris Voss, former lead kidnapping negotiator for the FBI and author of "Never Split the Difference," knows how to get what he wants. In this episode of "Everyday Hostages," Voss breaks down exactly how to get out of a speeding ticket when an officer pulls you over. The Wall Street Journal. An heir to the Red Bull fortune is enjoying the high life years after a fatal hit-and-run Four years after being accused of a fatal hit-and-run the heir to the Red Bull energy drink fortune isn't laying low, CNBC How will tax policy impact the markets? Barrons Senior Editor Jack Hough says the markets will drop if there are no tax cuts this year. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Here’s Why Half of All Households Have Amazon Prime MoneyTalksNews See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next How to talk your way out of a speeding ticket The Wall Street Journal.1:41 An heir to the Red Bull fortune is enjoying the high life years after a fatal hit-and-run CNBC0:56 How will tax policy impact the markets? Fox Business1:39 Trump signs four bills rolling back regulations The Washington Post5:50 1 million pounds of chicken nuggets recalled over metal contamination Veuer0:45 DOJ takes aim at 'sanctuary cities' through federal funding cuts Newsy1:26 Amazon makes play for Middle East market Wochit Tech0:52 You won't find this vice on the Vegas Strip CNN Money2:40 Bernie Sanders will reintroduce 'Medicare for all' single-payer plan Newsy1:13 Trump turns to tax reform after health-care defeat The Washington Post1:05 Amazon has bigger brick-and-mortar plans than just grocery stores CNBC0:41 Bad time of year to buy a home? Fox Business5:43 Why some states are giving out free 'Baby Boxes' Veuer1:09 Why this millionaire threw out all of his belongings and lives in Airbnbs CNBC1:19 Hollywood counts on China for merchandise growth The Wall Street Journal.1:21 How Warby Parker's success beat their own expectations Bloomberg2:36 UP NEXT That said, even if a company doesn’t charge you sales tax, consumers don’t get a pass on taxes. States that impose a sales tax typically also impose a use tax. If your state has a use tax and you are not charged a sales tax, you are supposed to self-report and pay the tax. About half of all states offer a line on their income tax returns now for this purpose; otherwise, there are separate tax forms for your completion. As you can imagine, between the complexity and the insanity of this rule, most consumers ignore the use tax. In fact, a 2015 poll conducted by the International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC) found that 62% of registered voters were not aware that use taxes were payable (downloads as a pdf). Most of those polled felt that the best way to collect sales tax was at the point the sale is made – and not by asking consumers to self-report and pay. So what’s changed? The laws haven’t changed drastically (though, some states, like Colorado, are passing new rules to require retailers to report more information about sales). That said, online retailers who are either seeing the writing on the wall or are weary of fighting against the inevitable, have been quietly shifting operations to collect sales tax in most states. Amazon is one of the largest retailers to do so. A request for comment from Amazon about the change was not immediately returned. Founded in 1994 by Jeff Bezos, Amazon is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. The retail giant reported revenues of $107.01 billion in 2016. The company was ranked at #237 in Forbes’ Global 2000 and #12 on Forbes’ list of the Most Valuable Brands. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Forbes #AskForbes Chat: Last Minute Tax Tips Forbes 10 TV Shows To Watch This Spring: 'The Handmaid's Tale', 'Twin Peaks' And More Forbes How Artificial Intelligence Creates New Job Opportunities Forbes Forbes View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Local March 27, 2017 5:10 PM Tommy Preston ‘spreads the gospel’ of math and Boeing to Columbia Rotary Boeing executive Tommy Preston Jr. spoke Monday to Rotarians. John Monk jmonk@thestate.com i By John Monk jmonk@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story COLUMBIA, SC Tommy Preston Jr. told Columbia Rotarians that Boeing’s South Carolina operation in Charleston is here to stay. “We expect to be here 100 years and beyond,” the Boeing executive told Rotarians at the group’s weekly Monday meeting. In all, Boeing – which has nearly 8,000 employees in the state – and the S.C. aerospace industry generate about $19 billion in economic activity each year, Preston said. Boeing’s Charleston operation puts out from 12-14 Dreamliner jets each month, which Preston called “some of the most complex machinery in the world ... We are building airplanes quicker and better than any other place in the world.” The fuel-efficient planes can fly from the U.S. to New Zealand, he said. Preston is part of a two-day public relations blitz in Richland County designed to stimulate young South Carolinians to pursue STEM careers – science, technology, engineering and math – and to introduce students to Boeing. “We’re spreading the gospel this week,” Preston said. “To prosper at a place like Boeing, you’ve got to do very well in math.” Boeing needs expertise in 3-D printing, robotics, animation, information technology, propulsion science, engineering and design, he said. Children should get started early in science and math he said. “We can’t wait until middle school or high school.” Preston, 31, is based in Charleston. He grew up in Clemson, graduated in 2007 from the University of South Carolina, where he was student body president. Preston then graduated from USC’s law school and worked for Nexsen Pruet law firm in Columbia before joining Boeing in 2015 as the company’s national strategy and engagement director. He also sits on USC’s board of trustees. He avoided controversy Monday. For example, Preston did not mention that President Trump wants to tax imports, and Boeing buys parts for its planes from more than 20,000 suppliers from all over the world. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Local Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:31 Student breaks jaw, teeth after put in sleeper hold and thrown to ground in Five Points Pause 0:56 Crazy scenes from Five Points: South Carolina basketball advances to Final Four 2:14 Gamecocks celebrated at home after NCAA win over Florida 2:28 Getting shot changed Levar Jones's life 2:44 8-year-old Rock Hill girl pins wrestling championships 2:14 Quinndom could face threat of corruption investigation 2:10 Dashcam: SC black couple arrested, awarded $1.3 million because officer racially profiled them 2:01 "She just made a mistake," brother and friend say about Clarise Payano 1:41 Defense attorney Jack Swerling discusses fraud charges against Irish Travelers 0:55 Dawn Staley and the Gamecocks are ready for Dallas Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 hours ago Angle two: Student breaks jaw, teeth after put in sleeper hold and thrown to ground in Five Points 0:27 2 hours ago Angle two: Student breaks jaw, teeth after put in sleeper hold and thrown to ground in Five Points 1:29 20 hours ago Kelly Family eulogized during funeral at Trinity Baptist Church 0:52 2 days ago Minister recalls final sermon at Shandon Baptist Church View more video Local Prosecutor Pascoe sets Wednesday bond hearing for Richland’s Sen. Courson Video shows USC student being put in chokehold, thrown to ground outside Five Points bar Angle two: Student breaks jaw, teeth after put in sleeper hold and thrown to ground in Five Points Three arrested for breaking into and robbing church in Newberry County Convicted murderer accused in Columbia mall shooting wanted to ‘die like a man’ Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 How a tiny Spanish island became the setting for the deadliest plane crash ever Patrick Smith, Cockpit Confidential Mar. 27, 2017, 3:25 PM 19,932 facebook linkedin twitter email print A landing gear from one of the Boeing 747s AP Editor's Note: The following excerpt is from "Cockpit Confidential," by Patrick Smith. March 27, 2017 marks the 40th anniversary of the deadliest accident in aviation history. On this day in 1977, a pair of fully loaded Boeing 747s collided on the runway of Los Rodeos Airport on the island of Tenerife. The collision resulted in the deaths of 583 of the 644 passengers on board the two jumbo jets. Forty years later, the Tenerife Air Disaster remains a watershed moment that transformed how the aviation industry views safety not just in the air, but on the ground as well. The book is available on Amazon and more information can be found on the "Cockpit Confidential" website. Most people have never heard of Tenerife, a pan-shaped speck in the Atlantic. It’s one of the Canary Islands, a volcanic chain governed by the Spanish, clustered a few hundred miles off the coast of Morocco. The big town on Tenerife is Santa Cruz, and its airport, beneath a set of cascading hillsides, is called Los Rodeos. There, on March 27, 1977, two Boeing 747s — one belonging to KLM, the other to Pan Am — collided on a foggy runway. Five hundred and eighty three people were killed in what remains the biggest air disaster in history. The magnitude of the accident speaks for itself, but what makes it particularly unforgettable is the startling set of ironies and coincidences that preceded it. Indeed, most airplane crashes result not from a single error or failure, but from a chain of improbable errors and failures, together with a stroke or two of really bad luck. Never was this illustrated more calamitously — almost to the point of absurdity — than on that Sunday afternoon almost forty years ago. In 1977, in only its eighth year of service, the Boeing 747 was already the biggest, the most influential, and possibly the most glamorous commercial jetliner ever built. For just those reasons, it was hard not to imagine what a story it would be — and how much carnage might result — should two of these behemoths ever hit each other. Really, though, what were the chances of that — a Hollywood script if ever there was one. PH-BUF, The KLM 747 involved in the Tenerife Disaster Wikimedia Commons Imagine we’re there: Both of the 747s at Tenerife are charters. Pan Am has come from Los Angeles, after a stopover in New York, KLM from its home base in Amsterdam. As it happens, neither plane is supposed to be on Tenerife. They were scheduled to land at Las Palmas, on the nearby island of Grand Canary, where many of the passengers were on their way to meet cruise ships. After a bomb planted by Canary Island separatists exploded in the Las Palmas airport flower shop, they diverted to Los Rodeos, along with several other flights, arriving around 2:00 p.m. The Pan Am aircraft, registered N736PA, is no stranger to notoriety. In January 1970, this very same plane completed the inaugural commercial voyage of a 747, between New York’s Kennedy airport a nd London--Heathrow. Somewhere on its nose is the dent from a champagne bottle. White with a blue window stripe, it wears the name Clipper Victor along the forward fuselage. The KLM 747, also blue and white, is named the Rhine . N750PA, A sister ship of the Clipper Victor Wikimedia Commons Let’s not forget the airlines themselves: Pan Am, the most storied franchise in the history of aviation, requires little introduction. KLM, for its part, is the oldest continuously operating airline in the world, founded in 1919 and highly regarded for its safety and punctuality. The KLM captain, Jacob Van Zanten, whose errant takeoff roll will soon kill nearly six hundred people, including himself, is the airline’s top 747 instructor pilot and a KLM celebrity. If passengers recognize him, it’s because his confident, square-jawed visage stares out from KLM’s magazine ads. Later, when KLM executives first get word of the crash, they will attempt to contact Van Zanten in hopes of sending him to Tenerife to aid the investigation team. The normally lazy Los Rodeos is packed with diverted flights. The Rhine and Clipper Victor sit adjacent to each other at the southeast corner of the apron, their wingtips almost touching. Finally at around four o’clock, Las Palmas begins accepting traffic again. Pan Am is quickly ready for departure, but the lack of room and the angle at which the jets face each other requires that KLM begin to taxi first. The weather is fine until just before the accident, and if not for KLM requesting extra fuel at the last minute, both would be on their way sooner. During the delay, a heavy blanket of fog swoops down from the hills and envelopes the airport. That fuel also means extra weight, affecting how quickly the 747 is able to become airborne. For reasons you’ll see in a moment, that will be critical. Because of the tarmac congestion, the normal route to runway 30 is blocked. Departing planes will need to taxi down on the runway itself. Reaching the end, they’ll make a 180-degree turn before taking off in the opposite direction. This procedure, rare at commercial airports, is called a “back-taxi.” At Tenerife in ’77, it will put two 747s on the same runway at the same time, invisible not only to each other, but also to the control tower. The airport has no ground tracking radar. Los Rodeos, now known as Tenerife North Airport, in 2006 Wikimedia Commons KLM taxis ahead and onto the runway, with the Pan Am Clipper ambling several hundred yards behind. Captain Van Zanten will steer to the end, turn around, then hold in position until authorized for takeoff. Pan Am’s instructions are to turn clear along a left-side taxiway to allow the other plane’s departure. Once safely off the runway, Pan Am will report so to the tower. Unable to differentiate the taxiways in the low visibility, the Pan Am pilots miss their assigned turnoff. Continuing to the next one is no big problem, but now they’re on the runway for several additional seconds. At the same time, having wheeled into position at the end, Van Zanten comes to a stop. His first officer, Klaas Meurs, takes the radio and receives the ATC route clearance. This is not a takeoff clearance, but rather a procedure outlining turns, altitudes, and frequencies for use once airborne. Normally it is received well prior to an aircraft taking the runway, but the pilots have been too busy with checklists and taxi instructions until now. They are tired, annoyed, and anxious to get going. The irritability in the pilots’ voices, Van Zanten’s in particular, has been duly noted by the control tower and other pilots. There are still a couple dominos yet to fall, but now the final act is in motion—literally. Because the route clearance comes where and when it does, it is mistaken for a takeoff clearance as well. First officer Meurs, sitting to Van Zanten’s right, acknowledges the altitudes, headings, and fixes, then finishes off with an unusual, somewhat hesitant phrase, backdropped by the sound of accelerating engines. “We are now, uh, at takeoff.” Van Zanten releases the brakes. “ We gaan ,” he is heard saying on the cockpit voice recorder. “Let’s go.” And with that, his mammoth machine begins barreling down the fog--shrouded runway, completely without permission. “At takeoff” is not standard phraseology among pilots. But it’s explicit enough to grab the attention of the Pan Am crew and the control tower. It’s hard for either party to believe KLM is actually moving, but both reach for their microphones to make sure. “And we’re still taxiing down the runway,” relays Bob Bragg, the Pan Am first officer. At the same instant, the tower radios a message to KLM. “Okay,” says the controller. “Stand by for takeoff. I will call you.” There is no reply. This silence is taken as a tacit, if not exactly proper, acknowledgment. Either of these transmissions would be, should be, enough to stop Van Zanten cold in his tracks. He still has time to discontinue the roll. The problem is, because they occur simultaneously, they overlap. Pilots and controllers communicate via two-way VHF radios. The process is similar to speaking over a walkie--talkie: a person activates a microphone, speaks, then releases the button and waits for an acknowledgment. It differs from using a telephone, for example, as only one party can speak at a time, and has no idea what his message actually sounds like over the air. If two or more microphones are clicked at the same instant, the transmissions cancel each other out, delivering a noisy occlusion of static or a high--pitched squeal called a heterodyne. Rarely are heterodynes dangerous. But at Tenerife this is the last straw. Van Zanten hears only the word “okay,” followed by a five-second squeal. He keeps going. Ten seconds later there is one final exchange, clearly and maddeningly audible on the post--crash tapes. “Report when runway clear,” the tower says to Pan Am. “We’ll report when we’re clear,” acknowledges Bob Bragg. Focused on the takeoff, Van Zanten and his first officer apparently miss this. But the second officer, sitting behind them, does not. Alarmed, with their plane now racing forward at a hundred knots, he leans forward. “Is he not clear?” he asks. “That Pan American?” “Oh, yes,” Van Zanten answers emphatically. In the Pan Am cockpit, nose--to--nose with the still unseen, rapidly approaching interloper, there’s a growing sense that something isn’t right. “Let’s get the f--k out of here,” Captain Victor Grubbs says nervously. A few moments later, the lights of the KLM 747 emerge out of the grayness, dead ahead, 2,000 feet away and closing fast. “There he is!” cries Grubbs, shoving the thrust levers to full power. “Look at him! Goddamn, that son of a bitch is coming!” He yanks the plane’s steering tiller, turning left as hard as he can, toward the grass at the edge of the runway. “Get off! Get off! Get off!” shouts Bob Bragg. Van Zanten sees them, but it’s too late. Attempting to leapfrog, he pulls back on the elevators, dragging his tail along the pavement for 70 feet in a hail of sparks. He almost makes it, but just as his plane breaks ground, its undercarriage and engines slice into the ceiling of the Victor , instantly demolishing its midsection and setting off a series of explosions. Badly damaged, the Rhine settles back to the runway, skids hard on its belly for another thousand feet, and is consumed by fire before a single one of its 248 occupants can escape. Remarkably, of 396 passengers and crew aboard the Pan Am jumbo, 61 of them survived, including all five people in the cockpit — the three-man crew and two off-duty employees riding in the jumpseats.  A reconstruction of the collision AP Over the past few years, I’ve been fortunate enough to meet two of those Pan Am survivors and hear their stories firsthand. I say that nonchalantly, but this is probably the closest I’ve ever come to meeting, for lack of a better term, a hero. Romanticizing the fiery deaths of 583 people is akin to romanticizing war, but there’s a certain mystique to the Tenerife disaster, a gravity so strong that shaking these survivors’ hands produced a feeling akin to that of a little kid meeting his favorite baseball player. These men were there , emerging from the wreckage of what, for some of us, stands as an event of mythic proportions. One of those survivors was Bob Bragg, the Pan Am first officer. I met him in Los Angeles, on the set of a documentary being made for the thirtieth anniversary of the accident. It was Bragg who had uttered, “And we’re still taxiing down the runway”— seven easy words that should have saved the day, but instead were lost forever in the shriek and crackle of a blocked transmission. Just thinking about it gives me the chills. But there’s nothing dark about Bob Bragg—nothing that, on the surface, feels moored to the nightmare of ’77. He’s one of the most easygoing people you’ll ever meet. Gray-haired, bespectacled, and articulate, he looks and sounds like what he is: a retired airline pilot. God knows how many times he’s recounted the collision to others. He speaks about the accident with a practiced ease, in a voice of modest detachment, as if he’d been a spectator watching from afar. You can read all the transcripts, pore over the findings, watch the documentaries a hundred times over. Not until you sit with Bob Bragg and hear the unedited account, with all of the strange and astounding details that are normally missing, do you get a full sense of what happened. The basic story is well known; it’s the ancillaries that make it moving—and surreal: Bragg describes the initial impact as little more than “a bump and some shaking.” All five men in the cockpit, located at the forward end of the 747’s distinctive upper deck hump, saw the KLM jet coming and had ducked. Knowing they’d been hit, Bragg instinctively reached upward in an effort to pull the “fire handles”— a set of four overhead-mounted levers that cut off the supply of fuel, air, electricity, and hydraulics running to and from the engines. His arm groped helplessly. When he looked up, the roof was gone. Turning around, he realized that the entire upper deck had been sheared off at a point just aft of his chair. He could see all the way aft to the tail, 200 feet behind him. The fuselage was shattered and burning. He and Captain Grubbs were alone in their seats, on a small, fully exposed perch 35 feet above the ground. Everything around them had been lifted away like a hat. The second officer and jumpseat stations, their occupants still strapped in, were hanging upside-down through what seconds earlier was the ceiling of the first class cabin. There was no option other than to jump. Bragg stood up and hurled himself over the side. He landed in the grass three stories below, feet-first, and miraculously suffered little more than an injured ankle. Grubbs followed, and he too was mostly unharmed. The others from the cockpit would unfasten their belts and shimmy down the sidewalls to the main cabin floor before similarly leaping to safety.  Mechanics examine an engine from the Pan Am 747 AP Once on the ground, they faced a deafening roar. The plane had been pancaked into the grass, but because the cockpit control lines were severed, the engines were still running at full power. It took several moments before the motors began coming apart. Bragg remembers one of the engines’ huge forward turbofans detaching from its shaft, falling forward onto the ground with a thud. The fuselage was engulfed by fire. A number of passengers, most of them seated in forward portions of the cabin, had made it onto the craft’s left wing, and were standing at the leading edge, about 20 feet off the ground. Bragg ran over, encouraging them to jump. A few minutes later, the plane’s center fuel tank exploded, propelling a plume of flames and smoke a thousand feet into the sky. The airport’s ill-equipped rescue team, meanwhile, was over at the KLM site, the first wreckage they’d come to after learning there’d been an accident. They hadn’t yet realized that two planes were involved, one of them with survivors. Eventually, authorities opened the airport perimeter gates, urging anybody with a vehicle to drive toward the crash scene to help. Bob Bragg tells the cracked story of standing there in fog, surrounded by stunned and bleeding survivors, watching his plane burn, when suddenly a taxicab pulls up out of nowhere. Wreckage from the crashed 747s AP Bragg returned to work a few months later. He eventually transferred to United when that carrier took over Pan Am’s Pacific routes in the late 1980s, and retired from the company as a 747 captain. He lives in Virginia with his wife, Dorothy. (Captains Grubbs and Bragg have since passed away, as has second officer George Warns.) During the documentary shoot, I traveled with Bob Bragg and the producers to the aircraft storage yards at Mojave, California, where he was interviewed alongside a mothballed 747, describing that incredible leap from the upper deck. A day earlier, using a flight deck mock-up, director Phil Desjardins filmed a reenactment of the Tenerife collision, with a trio of actors sitting in as the KLM crew. To provide the actors with a helpful demo, it was suggested that Bob Bragg and I get inside the mock-up and run through a practice takeoff. Bragg took the captain’s seat, and I took the first officer’s seat. We read through a makeshift checklist and went through the motions of a simulated takeoff. That’s when I looked across, and all of a sudden it hit me: Here’s Bob Bragg, lone surviving pilot of Tenerife, sitting in a cockpit, pretending to be Jacob Van Zanten, whose error made the whole thing happen. Surely Bragg wanted no part of this dreary karma, and I hadn’t the courage to make note of it out loud — assuming it hadn’t already dawned on him. But I could barely keep the astonishment to myself. One more creepy irony in a story so full of them. The Tenerife Air Disaster Memorial Wikimedia Commons Closing note: On the thirtieth anniversary of the crash, a memorial was dedicated overlooking the Tenerife airport, honoring those who perished there. The sculpture is in the shape of a helix. “A spiral staircase,” the builders describe it. “[…] a symbol of infinity.” Maybe, but I’m disappointed that the more obvious physical symbolism is ignored: early model 747s, including both of those in the crash, were well known for the set of spiral stairs connecting their main and upper decks (see High Art, page 23). In the minds of millions of international travelers, that stairway is something of a civil aviation icon. How evocative and poetically appropriate for the memorial — even if the designers weren’t thinking that way. Read the original article on Cockpit Confidential. Copyright 2017. SEE ALSO: The best airline in America will disappear forever in 2019 More: Plane Crash Aviation Books Airport BITranspo Patrick Smith Planes Airplanes crashes Accidents Disasters Pan Am klm facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru How a tiny Spanish island became the setting for the deadliest plane crash ever How a tiny Spanish island became the setting for the deadliest plane crash ever Editor's Note: The following excerpt is from... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 28 Mar 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Adient, Boeing partner to explore improvements in commercial aircraft seating, interiors By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · March 27, 2017 Adient, plc (NYSE: ADNT) is collaborating with Boeing to explore innovative comfort, efficiency, and functional improvements to commercial aircraft seating and interiors, the company said. Boeing is providing insight into the commercial aviation industry and its technical specifications, as well as an understanding of FAA certification requirements. Adient will contribute expertise in design, comfort, craftsmanship, operational excellence, and supply chain management. The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services worldwide. Adient is a global supplier of seating and interior systems for the automotive industry. With 75,000 employees operating in 230 manufacturing/assembly plants in 33 countries worldwide, the company produces and delivers automotive seating for all vehicle classes and all major OEMs. Its expertise spans every step of the automotive seat-making process. Related posts GOL's configuration of Boeing 737 MAX-8 aircraft increases number of seats by 5% March 28, 2017 GOL Linhas AÃ©reas Inteligentes S.A. (NYSE: GOL; BM&FBOVESPA: GOLL4) has announced the use of new... Alaska Airlines names VP of airport operations March 28, 2017 Alaska Airlines´ board of directors has elected Wayne Newton as vice president of airport operations... HAZON debuts new drone program March 28, 2017 HAZON Solutions has launched The HAZON Drone Capability Development (DCD) program, a comprehensive suite of... JetBlue to be official airline of the Boston Red Sox through 2030 March 28, 2017 JetBlue (NASDAQ: JBLU) has announced its continued commitment to serve as Official Airline of the... GE Aviation acquires AirVault March 28, 2017 GE Aviation has acquired Critical Technologies, Inc., branded as AirVault, a privately-owned supplier of cloud-based... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Bombardier C Series aircraft makes non-stop transatlantic flight from London to New York WOW air to begin service from O'Hare International Airport starting at USD 99 » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
How long can Boeing's Iran deal survive? - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Erie News Now is seeking to resolve negotiation with DirecTV Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases How long can Boeing's Iran deal survive? Posted: Monday, March 27, 2017 1:31 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, March 28, 2017 11:31 AM EDT The odds of Boeing selling planes to Iran appear to be lengthening by the day. Relations between Iran and the U.S. are going from bad to worse. Tehran slapped sanctions on 15 U.S. companies in retaliation for American sanctions announced last month. By Zahraa Alkhalisi DUBAI (CNNMoney) -- The odds of Boeing selling planes to Iran appear to be lengthening by the day. Relations between Iran and the U.S. are going from bad to worse. Tehran slapped sanctions on 15 U.S. companies Sunday in retaliation for American sanctions announced last month. "Imposition of new sanctions by the U.S. is based on fabricated and illegitimate pretexts and amount to an action against international regulations," Iran's foreign ministry said in a statement. Boeing signed an $8 billion deal to sell 80 jets to Iran Air after many sanctions were lifted as part of an international deal on the country's nuclear program. The planemaker is not on the list of Tehran's targets, which includes Raytheon, Oshkosh and Bushmaster. None of them currently does any business with Iran. "The sanctions from the Iranian side don't really have any practical importance to them," said Robin Mills, CEO of Qamar Energy and an expert on Middle East energy and investment. "These U.S. defense companies obviously don't have any assets or activities in Iran. It's just trying to score political points." But the rising tension puts Boeing's plans on an increasingly shaky footing. "[The Boeing deal] is a key pressure point I think because that is of course one of the few areas where U.S. trade with Iran has been specifically allowed," said Mills. President Trump has long been critical of the Iran nuclear deal that was signed under the Obama administration. After assuming office, Trump said he was putting Iran "on notice" and his first move against the country was including its citizens on a travel ban. Tehran then conducted a missile test which prompted a round of U.S. sanctions that targeted 25 individuals and companies connected to Iran's ballistic missile program and Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The next big test for Boeing's deal is likely to come in June, when sanction waivers signed by President Obama will be due for renewal. It's the first time Trump will have to sign them. "The next round of waivers... are absolutely crucial," said Trita Parsi, president of the National Iranian American Council. "If the Trump administration doesn't renew them, the United States will be in direct violation of the deal. If so, the deal will start collapsing and the United States will be blamed for its collapse." To complicate matters, a bill has been introduced in Congress to investigate whether Iran Air supports the Iranian Revolutionary Guard or foreign terrorist organizations. If Iran Air were found to have such links, it would be prevented from receiving new aircraft or U.S.-made parts. That would effectively freeze the sale of jets from Boeing to Iran. The first Boeing planes are scheduled to arrive in 2018. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / How long can Boeing’s Iran deal survive? How long can Boeing’s Iran deal survive? Posted on Monday, March 27, 2017 by CNN in Business News The odds of Boeing selling planes to Iran appear to be lengthening by the day. Relations between Iran and the U.S. are going from bad to worse. Tehran slapped sanctions on 15 U.S. companies Sunday in retaliation for American sanctions announced last month. “Imposition of new sanctions by the U.S. is based on fabricated and illegitimate pretexts and amount to an action against international regulations,” Iran’s foreign ministry said in a statement. Boeing signed an $8 billion deal to sell 80 jets to Iran Air after many sanctions were lifted as part of an international deal on the country’s nuclear program. The planemaker is not on the list of Tehran’s targets, which includes Raytheon, Oshkosh and Bushmaster. None of them currently does any business with Iran. “The sanctions from the Iranian side don’t really have any practical importance to them,” said Robin Mills, CEO of Qamar Energy and an expert on Middle East energy and investment. “These U.S. defense companies obviously don’t have any assets or activities in Iran. It’s just trying to score political points.” But the rising tension puts Boeing’s plans on an increasingly shaky footing. “[The Boeing deal] is a key pressure point I think because that is of course one of the few areas where U.S. trade with Iran has been specifically allowed,” said Mills. President Trump has long been critical of the Iran nuclear deal that was signed under the Obama administration. After assuming office, Trump said he was putting Iran “on notice” and his first move against the country was including its citizens on a travel ban. Tehran then conducted a missile test which prompted a round of U.S. sanctions that targeted 25 individuals and companies connected to Iran’s ballistic missile program and Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The next big test for Boeing’s deal is likely to come in June, when sanction waivers signed by President Obama will be due for renewal. It’s the first time Trump will have to sign them. “The next round of waivers… are absolutely crucial,” said Trita Parsi, president of the National Iranian American Council. “If the Trump administration doesn’t renew them, the United States will be in direct violation of the deal. If so, the deal will start collapsing and the United States will be blamed for its collapse.” To complicate matters, a bill has been introduced in Congress to investigate whether Iran Air supports the Iranian Revolutionary Guard or foreign terrorist organizations. If Iran Air were found to have such links, it would be prevented from receiving new aircraft or U.S.-made parts. That would effectively freeze the sale of jets from Boeing to Iran. The first Boeing planes are scheduled to arrive in 2018. The new £1 coin is here and still causing problems NFL owners expected to OK Raiders' move to Las Vegas Related Posts ‘American Sniper’ breaks January box office records 48 years old and nothing saved for retirement Your clothes are killing us America poised to export oil for first time in 40 years Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Tuesday 28 March 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Etihad's luxurious Dreamliner flies daily to Amman ABU DHABI, 1 days ago Etihad Airways has started operating its state-of-the-art Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner on the Abu Dhabi – Amman route, as part of its daily schedules between the two capitals.   The new two-class Dreamliner features the airline’s next-generation Business and Economy Class cabins, featuring 299 seats - 28 in Business Class and 271 in Economy Class, representing a 65 per cent capacity increase on the route.     Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways chief executive officer, said: “Since launching flights between Abu Dhabi and Amman 13 years ago, we have experienced huge growth and have enjoyed strong demand from both business and leisure travellers.   “The decision to upgrade to the Boeing 787 reflects the importance of the Jordanian market to Etihad Airways, and the sustained development of economic relations between the two countries. The UAE enjoys historic ties with Jordan and there are broader and brighter prospects for economic relations between these two Arab states, particularly through business partnerships and tourism.”   Recent local reports show that the trade exchange between the two countries witnessed remarkable growth to just over Dh3 billion ($816.5 million), while the volume of UAE investments in Jordan rose to more than $15 billion.   The Business Studios in Business Class offer direct aisle access, a fully-flat bed of up to 80.5 inches in length, and an increase of 20 per cent in personal space. Upholstered in fine Poltrona Frau leather, the Business Studio is equipped with an in-seat massage and pneumatic cushion control system which enables guests to adjust the firmness and comfort of their seat. The airline’s Boeing 787 fleet is equipped with the latest Panasonic eX3 inflight entertainment system featuring over 750 hours of movies and programmes, as well as hundreds of music choices and a selection of games for both adults and children. Each Business Studio has an 18-inch personal touch-screen TV with noise-cancelling headsets. Guests can also enjoy mobile connectivity, onboard wi-fi and seven satellite channels of live TV. Economy Smart Seats provide enhanced comfort with a unique ‘fixed wing’ headrest, adjustable lumbar support, a seat width of approximately 19 inches and an 11.1-inch personal TV monitor on each seat. The aircraft has been designed with enhancements including humidity controls while air pressure levels are set to ensure a smoother flight, allowing guests to arrive feeling fresher. - TradeArabia News Service Tags: Etihad | Jordan | Dreamliner | Amman | flight | direct | B787 | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Hotel wi-fi specialist secures $2.1m to fund growth overseas Turkey welcomed around 40,000 tourists from Bahrain UAE's Strata creates ME's first 3D-printed aircraft interior part Middle East theme park market to see remarkable growth Oman Air takes off to Nairobi Qatar Airways to buy 100 planes; eyes India airline Overtourism 'becoming a critical issue' Germany to welcome 3.6m GCC visitors by 2030 Dubai passenger traffic up 8.8pc in February Riyadh Travel Fair targets millennial tourist market Gulf Air launches flight status facility on website New resort mayor for Jannah Resort & Villas RAK AccorHotels to manage new Fairmont property in Egypt Minor Hotels to open new property in RAK Yas Mall Spring Festival kicks off this weekend ‘Bahrain for All’ festival organisers meet Oman Air, Lufthansa sign codeshare deal Region's largest amusement industry show opens Bahrain Tourism Authority reveals event lineup for April Almosafer launches flight booking service The Sheraton Grand Hotel, Dubai offers Friday brunch Tickets on sale for Abu Dhabi Grand Prix India attracts Omani visitors with reduced visa fees Jumeira Rotana, Villa Rotana participate in Earth Hour Mövenpick Hotel West Bay Doha marks Earth Hour Chinese tourist arrivals to Sharjah up 63pc India remains top tourism source market for GCC states Sterner named Yas Viceroy Abu Dhabi GM 'The Yard' Food Festival opens in Bahrain Alitalia to cut 2,000 jobs Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 5 Stocks With Ridiculously Fast-Growing Dividends What do Boeing, Amgen, CVS Health, Texas Instruments, and AbbVie have in common? Their dividends are soaring. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Mar 27, 2017 at 8:42AM Hockey legend Wayne Gretzky's statement about skating "to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been" has become something of a cliche. But it's still a good strategy for hockey -- and for investing. The way to determine where a puck is going to be requires evaluating its direction and speed. I used a similar approach to identify five stocks with fast-growing dividends: Boeing (NYSE:BA), Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN), CVS Health (NYSE:CVS), Texas Instruments (NASDAQ:TXN), and AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV). Here's why these stocks could be great picks for dividend-seeking investors. Image source: Getty Images. Boeing: Flying higher Boeing's dividend has increased by an average annual rate of more than 31% over the last three years. The giant aircraft manufacturer now boasts a dividend yield of 3.2%. If Boeing continues growing its dividend at the current pace, the company's dividend will nearly double by 2020.  Can Boeing's dividend keep flying higher? Probably so. The company currently uses roughly 57% of its earnings to fund dividend payments. Boeing should be on track to continue improving its bottom line over the next five years as it has done in recent years. The company stands to be a prime beneficiary if the Trump administration succeeds in advancing its plans to beef up the military. Boeing recently won a U.S. Navy contract for 12 fighter jets. More military orders could be in store. That's good news for shareholders hoping for even higher dividend payments.  Amgen: Granddaddy of biotechs dishing out dividends Amgen has been in business for almost 40 years, making it something of a granddaddy among biotech stocks. The company's dividend track record may be short (Amgen initiated its dividend in 2011), but it's certainly sweet. Over the past three years, Amgen has hiked its dividend by an average of nearly 30% annually.  The big biotech's dividend yield currently stands at 2.7%. Amgen should have no trouble keeping the checks flowing. It spends only 39% of earnings to cover dividend payments.  Although Amgen faces competition for Epogen, Neulasta, and Neupogen, several of the company's other products are continuing to grow at solid rates. Amgen also should receive a boost from its pipeline, which features 12 late-stage clinical programs.  CVS Health: A pharmacy that pays you Over the past three years, pharmacy services leader CVS Health has increased its dividend by an average annual rate of 27% and now sports a dividend yield of 2.5%. CVS Health's longer track record of dividend growth is impressive also, as the chart below shows.  Image source: CVS Health.  Expect more dividend increases in the future. CVS uses less than 35% of its earnings to fund the dividend program. The company's CFO has publicly stated that CVS Health is committed to further annual dividend hikes.  CVS Health stumbled somewhat in 2016, losing a couple of big contracts to rival Walgreens Boots Alliance. However, the company still anticipates average annual earnings growth of 10% or more well into the future.  Texas Instruments: Chipping in the cash Texas Instruments (TI) began paying a dividend in 1962. The technology company has kept the dividends flowing ever since. Over the past three years, TI increased its dividend by an average of 22% annually. Its current dividend yield stands at 2.4%. There doesn't appear to be any danger of Texas Instruments breaking its dividend streak anytime soon. The company uses roughly 47% of its earnings to pay out dividends, which leaves plenty of room for future growth.  Texas Instruments enjoys a manufacturing cost advantage over many semiconductor chip competitors that allows the company to generate tremendous free cash flow. This makes the stock a great long-term pick for investors seeking solid dividends.  AbbVie: A biotech with an impeccable dividend pedigree AbbVie's dividend yield of 3.9% ranks as the highest of the companies mentioned. The biotech has raised its dividend by an average annual rate of more than 17% over the last three years. And although, AbbVie has officially only paid out a dividend since 2013, its history extends much longer than that. The company's parent, Abbott Laboratories, has increased its dividend for 45 years in a row.  Can AbbVie keep on boosting its dividend in the future? It seems quite likely. The biotech currently uses around 63% of its earnings to fund its dividend program. However, AbbVie's earnings picture should improve significantly. Top-selling autoimmune disease drug Humira continues to rake in money. AbbVie claims two impressive cancer drugs in its lineup with Imbruvica and Venclexta. Even better, the company has several pipeline candidates that could be huge winners down the road, including cancer drug Rova-T and anti-inflammatory drug risankizumab.  Keith Speights owns shares of AbbVie. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Mar 27, 2017 at 8:42AM Health Care Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $177.18 up $1.08 (0.61%) Texas Instruments NASDAQ:TXN $80.76 up $0.23 (0.29%) Amgen NASDAQ:AMGN $164.99 up $0.08 (0.05%) CVS Health NYSE:CVS $78.65 up $0.14 (0.18%) AbbVie NYSE:ABBV $65.94 down $0.16 (-0.24%) Read More Can You Guess Which Drugmaker Has the Most Debt? (Hint: It's Not Valeant) Here's Why Ziopharm Rose as Much as 15.8% Today 3 Top Cancer Drug Stocks to Buy in 2017 3 Major Facts and Figures You Overlooked in the CBO's Report on Trumpcare Better Buy: Celgene Corporation vs. Gilead Sciences Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Stocks With Ridiculously Fast-Growing Dividends @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $TXN, $AMGN, $CVS, $ABBV
Home Weather 83° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Entertainment Animals Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows City Pros Sandwich Generation More Features Close This college senior juggles school and a job with NASA like it's no big deal Brooke Metz for USA TODAY College , WXIA 7:39 AM. CDT March 27, 2017 Tiera Guinn CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Tiera Guinn hasn’t graduated college yet but she’s already working on projects for NASA. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology senior has worked as a rocket structural design and analysis engineer since June 2016. She designs rocket components for ventures to Mars and other deep space destination, and analyzes them to ensure they won’t break during flight. She’s living out a dream she’s had since she was 11 years old. Guinn remembers seeing a plane and wanting to know how to build one. “I’d had a passion to become a mathematician, inventor — everything you can think of under STEM (science, technology, engineering and math), but when I looked at the plane, I wanted to do that,” Guinn tells USA TODAY College. “I got stuck on that.” That interest sparked her desire to study aerospace engineering, which led to her current role. After a Boeing representative visited MIT in 2016, Guinn accepted her dream job with the company working on NASA projects. She works with the structural design and analysis team at Boeing’s Huntsville, Ala. location on school breaks and puts in about 20 hours a week working remotely from campus — all while maintaining a semester’s load of classes. “I’ve seen the design (for the rocket) come into fruition somewhat so far,” says Guinn, 22. “I love looking at something I’m designing and realizing it will be built.” Guinn’s success doesn’t surprise her mentor Orren Williams, who taught her high school engineering classes. “She’s fulfilling her dream, but it wasn’t handed to her — she has worked every step of the way,” Williams says. “She was one of those students who made me get up in morning looking forward to go to class.” Guinn says her drive comes from the significance of her work. “The best part is knowing that what I’m building is going to affect the world and mankind,” she says. “This rocket can really change what we visualize as possible.” Guinn counts Katherine Johnson, a NASA mathematician, as one of her role models. Johnson’s work made instrumental strides in sending the first American to space. What’s more, it inspired the Oscar-nominated, box office hit Hidden Figures. RELATED:  ► In honor of ‘Hidden Figures,’ here are 10 trailblazing women who changed STEM forever “Even in those times, when everything was against her, she still did what she wanted to get done and made history as a result,” Guinn says. “She’s been a huge motivation in my study.” Like Johnson, Guinn is no stranger to challenges. She says she focuses on the support she has received instead of the obstacles yet to come. “My parents always told me that others don’t declare the fate of your destiny,” she says. “It’s up to you to achieve the dream you set in the first place.” Guinn will become a full-time employee in August and will continue to work with rockets. “My most memorable experience in college has been implementing what I’ve learned and experienced,” says Guinn, who serves on the Black Women’s Alliance and also choreographs African dance at MIT. “It’s great because it gets to continue after I graduate.” She may have already achieved her childhood dream, but Guinn shows no signs of slowing down. She plans to create an organization for low-income students that will inspire them to reach their goals as well. “I always like to make the dream larger after it’s achieved,” Guinn says. “I want to pass on the resources I’ve received and much more.” Brooke Metz is a member of the USA TODAY College contributor network. This article comes from the USA TODAY College Contributor network. The views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect the views of USA TODAY. You understand that we have no obligation to monitor any discussion forums, blogs, photo- or video-sharing pages, or other areas of the Site through which users can supply information or material. However, we reserve the right at all times, in our sole discretion, to screen content submitted by users and to edit, move, delete, and/or refuse to accept any content that in our judgment violates these Terms of Service or is otherwise unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons. © 2017 USATODAY.COM CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Murder-for-hire suspect takes her own life A stranger emailed me a warning about blood clots. Days later, my friend died from one. 'Dreamer's' post on paying taxes goes viral Forest fight brewing in Conroe area 2 Miami detectives ambushed, shot Daycare worker caught on video slamming child to the ground Residents after shooting: 'It's a war zone' Sugar Land warns about scam door hangars 4-year-old hurt in shooting - 6:32 a.m. update Exclusive: Widow of Capt. Dowling thanks the city for support More Stories 2 men wanted in Haverstock Hills shooting Mar 28, 2017, 10:07 a.m. 4-year-old hurt in random shooting at SW Houston… Mar 28, 2017, 4:39 a.m. Man on death row for Houston slaying gets appeal Mar 28, 2017, 11:04 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
España Internacional Economía Deportes Cultura Sociedad Ciencia Comunicados Últimas Noticias europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión PP PSOE Podemos Ciudadanos Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo En primera persona Mosul Alepo Siria Daesh Rusia Donald Trump Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Sucesos Salud Comunicados EP Social Responsables Accidentes de trafico terrorismo >Aniversario EPsocial Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Aniversario Estatuto Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Fundación Unicaja Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava-Araba Gipuzkoa Bizkaia Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Sostenibilidad Punto Crítico Responsables Violencia de género Discapacidad Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Fitur Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Lotería del Niño 2017 Lotería de Navidad 2016 A Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: Adient Collaborating With Boeing to Explore Improved Comfort, Functionality of Commercial Aircraft Seating and Interiors Publicado 27/03/2017 14:55:35CET DETROIT, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Adient, plc , the world's leading automotive seating and interiors supplier, today announced it is collaborating with Boeing to explore innovative comfort, efficiency and functional improvements to commercial aircraft seating and interiors. The collaboration brings together two global leaders in their respective industries. Boeing, the world's leading airplane manufacturer, is providing insight into the commercial aviation industry and its technical specifications, as well as an understanding of FAA certification requirements. Adient is the largest global supplier of seating and interior systems for the automotive industry and will contribute expertise in design, comfort, craftsmanship, operational excellence, and supply chain management. "Adient is committed to our strategy of leveraging our strong global expertise and leadership in automotive seating and interiors to deliver customer value and competitive advantages in adjacent mobility markets," said Adient Chairman and CEO Bruce McDonald. "Through discussions with Boeing, we believe there's an opportunity for Adient to raise the bar on the aviation passenger experience, building on our leadership in the automobile seat market." According to Counterpoint Market Research, LTD, the aircraft Interiors market is estimated to reach $21.7B by 2025, a compounded annual growth rate of 4.3% from 2016 to 2025. The industry is consolidated among a small number of providers. "Boeing is building commercial airplanes at record rates to deliver on an order backlog of more than $400 billion," said Kent Fisher, vice president and general manager, Supplier Management, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "We continually explore opportunities to offer more value to our customers and believe they would benefit from a wider range of options and more reliable, on-time performance in the airplane interiors and seating category." About Adient:  Adient is a global leader in automotive seating. With 75,000 employees operating in 230 manufacturing/assembly plants in 33 countries worldwide, we produce and deliver automotive seating for all vehicle classes and all major OEMs. From complete seating systems to individual components, our expertise spans every step of the automotive seat-making process. Our integrated, in-house skills allow us to take our products from research and design all the way to engineering and manufacturing - and into more than 25 million vehicles every year. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:  Adient plc has made statements in this document that are forward-looking and, therefore, are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements in this document other than statements of historical fact are statements that are, or could be, deemed "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this document, statements regarding Adient's future financial position, sales, costs, earnings, cash flows, other measures of results of operations, capital expenditures or debt levels and plans, objectives, outlook, targets, guidance or goals are forward-looking statements. Words such as "may," "will," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe," "should," forecast," "project" or "plan" or terms of similar meaning are also generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Adient cautions that these statements are subject to numerous important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond Adient's control, that could cause Adient's actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including, among others, risks related to: the ability of Adient to meet debt service requirements and comply with covenants which may restrict the payment of dividends, the availability and terms of financing, general economic and business conditions, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, the availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates, and cancellation of or changes to commercial arrangements. A detailed discussion of risks related to Adient's business, including risks relating to the payment of dividends, is included in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in Adient's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 filed with the SEC on November 29, 2016 and available at http://www.sec.gov. Potential investors and others should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements included in this document are made only as of the date of this document, unless otherwise specified, and, except as required by law, Adient assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update such statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this document. In addition, this document includes certain projections provided by Adient with respect to the anticipated future performance of Adient's businesses. Such projections reflect various assumptions of Adient's management concerning the future performance of Adient's businesses, which may or may not prove to be correct. The actual results may vary from the anticipated results and such variations may be material. Adient does not undertake any obligation to update the projections to reflect events or circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of subsequent events. No representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy or reasonableness of such assumptions or the projections based thereon.   Contacts  Media  David J. Roznowski  T: +1-734-254-3255  david.j.roznowski@adient.com~  Ulrich Andree  T: +49-2174-654343  Ulrich.andree@adient.com  Nate Hulings - Boeing  T: +1-425-865-1628  Nathan.a.Hulings@boeing.com  Investors :  Mark Oswald  T: +1-732-254-3372  Mark.A.Oswald@adient.com Un bebé, ingresado en Son Espases tras ser atropellado en Mallorca por un motorista, que se encuentra grave Estela Goicoechea dimite como directora del Observatorio de Salud Pública Puede cambiar de noticia usando las flechas del teclado (← →) Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados COMUNICADO: Ian Johnston lidera la modelación de cultura de Heidrick & Struggles en Europa, Oriente Medio y África COMUNICADO: Destacada inversión de Medical Marijuana, Inc. en AXIM Biotech COMUNICADO: BORGWARD BX5 Celebrates Its Market Launch in China Más noticias   MÁS LEÍDO Portada 1 ¿Cuál es el origen de los nombres de las provincias españolas? 2 Estela Goicoechea dimite como directora del Observatorio de Salud Pública 3 Will Smith se reúne con el resto de protagonistas de El Príncipe de Bel-Air 4 Trump desmantela las leyes de Obama contra el cambio climático 5 El Parlamento escocés respalda a Sturgeon en su plan de celebrar un segundo referéndum Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en España ¿Cuál es el origen de los nombres de las provincias españolas? Cantabria Estela Goicoechea dimite como directora del Observatorio de Salud Pública Series & TV Will Smith se reúne con el resto de protagonistas de El Príncipe de Bel-Air europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2017 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Esta web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros para analizar su navegación y ofrecerle un servicio más personalizado y publicidad acorde a sus intereses. Continuar navegando implica la aceptación de nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Set to Announce Earnings on Tuesday Advantage Lithium Corp (AAL) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Bonds Trading 1.9% Higher Bank of East Asia Ltd (BKEAY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) WisdomTree Trust (DXJS) Announces $0.01 Quarterly Dividend Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research WisdomTree Intl. LargeCap Div Fd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (DOL) Peabody Energy Co. (BTUUQ) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avenir Corp Owns Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages IDEX Co. (IEX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Receives Market Perform Rating from Leerink Swann Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Receives Overweight Rating from Pacific Crest Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Invests $4,809,000 in Boeing Co (BA) March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Tudor Investment Corp Et Al bought a new stake in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm bought 30,891 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $4,809,000. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Toronto Dominion Bank boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 65.8% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 32,331 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $4,264,000 after buying an additional 12,836 shares during the period. Plancorp LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 5.8% in the third quarter. Plancorp LLC now owns 61,903 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $8,155,000 after buying an additional 3,397 shares during the period. Brown Advisory Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 16.0% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 37,625 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $5,856,000 after buying an additional 5,192 shares during the period. Jacobs & Co. CA boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 2.4% in the third quarter. Jacobs & Co. CA now owns 58,655 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $7,727,000 after buying an additional 1,363 shares during the period. Finally, Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV acquired a new stake in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,704,000. 74.66% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 175.82 on Monday. Boeing Co has a 1-year low of $122.35 and a 1-year high of $185.71. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $175.28 and a 200-day moving average price of $153.59. The company has a market capitalization of $107.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.10 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The firm earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.60 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Boeing Co will post $9.30 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/tudor-investment-corp-et-al-invests-4809000-in-boeing-co-ba.html. Several analysts have recently commented on BA shares. Vetr cut Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $150.88 target price for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Robert W. Baird reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $182.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $175.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research report on Sunday, January 29th. Morgan Stanley cut Boeing from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $185.00 to $190.00 in a research report on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Argus raised their target price on Boeing to $185.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $159.50. In related news, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total value of $580,005.09. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total transaction of $15,745,607.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $15,692,889.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 206,827 shares of company stock valued at $34,170,203. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Travel Comment Destinations Hotels Offers Holiday types City Beach Tours Cruise Ski Family Luxury Advice More Cancel All Features Hotels Tours Destinations Features Hotels Tours Telegraph Travel Comment The true story behind the deadliest air disaster of all time Five hundred and eighty-three people were killed in what remains the biggest air disaster in history Credit: GETTY Patrick Smith, author and pilot 27 March 2017 • 8:35am Exactly 40 years ago, at Tenerife-North Airport (formerly Los Rodeos), two Boeing 747s - one belonging to KLM, the other to Pan Am - collided on a foggy runway. Five hundred and eighty-three people were killed in what remains the biggest air disaster in history. In this extract from Cockpit Confidential, the pilot Patrick Smith outlines what went wrong: The magnitude of the accident speaks for itself, but what makes it particularly unforgettable is the startling set of ironies and coincidences that preceded it. Indeed, most airplane crashes result not from a single error or failure, but from a chain of improbable errors and failures, together with a stroke or two of really bad luck. Never was this illustrated more calamitously - almost to the point of absurdity - than on that Sunday afternoon 40 years ago. In 1977, in only its eighth year of service, the Boeing 747 was already the biggest, the most influential, and possibly the most glamorous commercial jetliner ever built. For just those reasons, it was hard not to imagine what a story it would be - and how much carnage might result - should two of these behemoths ever hit each other. Really, though, what were the chances of that: a Hollywood script if ever there was one. Imagine we’re there: Most airplane crashes result from a chain of improbable errors and failures Both of the 747s at Tenerife are charters. Pan Am has come from Los Angeles, after a stopover in New York, KLM from its home base in Amsterdam. As it happens, neither plane is supposed to be on Tenerife. They were scheduled to land at Las Palmas, on the nearby island of Gran Canaria, where many of the passengers were on their way to meet cruise ships. After a bomb planted by Canary Island separatists exploded in the Las Palmas airport flower shop, they diverted to Los Rodeos, along with several other flights, arriving around 2:00 p.m. Pan Am, the most storied franchise in the history of aviation, requires little introduction Credit: © ZUMA Press Inc / Alamy Stock Photo/ZUMA Press Inc / Alamy Stock Photo The Pan Am aircraft, registered N736PA, is no stranger to notoriety. In January 1970, this very same plane completed the inaugural commercial voyage of a 747, between New York’s Kennedy airport and London Heathrow. Somewhere on its nose is the dent from a champagne bottle. White with a blue window stripe, it wears the name Clipper Victor along the forward fuselage. The KLM 747, also blue and white, is named the Rhine. Let’s not forget the airlines themselves: Pan Am, the most storied franchise in the history of aviation, requires little introduction. KLM, for its part, is the oldest continuously operating airline in the world, founded in 1919 and highly regarded for its safety and punctuality. The worlds oldest airlines The KLM captain, Jacob Van Zanten, whose errant takeoff roll will soon kill nearly 600 people, including himself, is the airline’s top 747 instructor pilot and a KLM celebrity. If passengers recognize him, it’s because his confident, square-jawed visage stares out from KLM’s magazine ads. Later, when KLM executives first get word of the crash, they will attempt to contact Van Zanten in hopes of sending him to Tenerife to aid the investigation team. The normally lazy Los Rodeos is packed with diverted flights. The Rhine and Clipper Victor sit adjacent to each other at the southeast corner of the apron, their wingtips almost touching. Finally at around four o’clock, Las Palmas begins accepting traffic again. Pan Am is quickly ready for departure, but the lack of room and the angle at which the jets face each other requires that KLM begin to taxi first. Los Rodeos air crash The weather is fine until just before the accident, and if not for KLM requesting extra fuel at the last minute, both would be on their way sooner. During the delay, a heavy blanket of fog swoops down from the hills and envelopes the airport. That fuel also means extra weight, affecting how quickly the 747 is able to become airborne. For reasons you’ll see in a moment, that will be critical. Neither plane was supposed to be on Tenerife Credit: STF Because of the tarmac congestion, the normal route to runway 30 is blocked. Departing planes will need to taxi down on the runway itself. Reaching the end, they’ll make a 180-degree turn before taking off in the opposite direction. This procedure, rare at commercial airports, is called a “back-taxi.” At Tenerife in ’77, it will put two 747s on the same runway at the same time, invisible not only to each other, but also to the control tower. The airport has no ground tracking radar. KLM taxis ahead and onto the runway, with the Pan Am Clipper ambling several hundred yards behind. Captain Van Zanten will steer to the end, turn around, then hold in position until authorized for takeoff. Pan Am’s instructions are to turn clear along a left-side taxiway to allow the other plane’s departure. Once safely off the runway, Pan Am will report so to the tower. KLM was the other airline involved in the accident Credit: GETTY Unable to differentiate the taxiways in the low visibility, the Pan Am pilots miss their assigned turnoff. Continuing to the next one is no big problem, but now they’re on the runway for several additional seconds. At the same time, having wheeled into position at the end, Van Zanten comes to a stop. His first officer, Klaas Meurs, takes the radio and receives the ATC route clearance. This is not a takeoff clearance, but rather a procedure outlining turns, altitudes, and frequencies for use once airborne. Normally it is received well prior to an aircraft taking the runway, but the pilots have been too busy with checklists and taxi instructions until now. They are tired, annoyed, and anxious to get going. The irritability in the pilots’ voices, Van Zanten’s in particular, has been duly noted by the control tower and other pilots. There are still a couple dominos yet to fall, but now the final act is in motion – literally. Because the route clearance comes where and when it does, it is mistaken for a takeoff clearance as well. First officer Meurs, sitting to Van Zanten’s right, acknowledges the altitudes, headings, and fixes, then finishes off with an unusual, somewhat hesitant phrase, backdropped by the sound of accelerating engines. “We are now, uh, at takeoff.” The worlds safest - and least safe - airlines revealed Van Zanten releases the brakes. “We gaan,” he is heard saying on the cockpit voice recorder. “Let’s go.” And with that, his mammoth machine begins barreling down the fog-shrouded runway, completely without permission. “At takeoff” is not standard phraseology among pilots. But it’s explicit enough to grab the attention of the Pan Am crew and the control tower. It’s hard for either party to believe KLM is actually moving, but both reach for their microphones to make sure. “And we’re still taxiing down the runway,” relays Bob Bragg, the Pan Am first officer. At the same instant, the tower radios a message to KLM. “Okay,” says the controller. “Stand by for takeoff. I will call you.” There is no reply. This silence is taken as a tacit, if not exactly proper, acknowledgment. Either of these transmissions would be, should be, enough to stop Van Zanten cold in his tracks. He still has time to discontinue the roll. The problem is, because they occur simultaneously, they overlap. Pilots and controllers communicate via two-way VHF radios. The process is similar to speaking over a walkie-talkie Credit: Nikolai Sorokin - Fotolia Pilots and controllers communicate via two-way VHF radios. The process is similar to speaking over a walkie-talkie: a person activates a microphone, speaks, then releases the button and waits for an acknowledgment. It differs from using a telephone, for example, as only one party can speak at a time, and has no idea what his message actually sounds like over the air. If two or more microphones are clicked at the same instant, the transmissions cancel each other out, delivering a noisy occlusion of static or a high-pitched squeal called a heterodyne. Rarely are heterodynes dangerous. But at Tenerife this is the last straw. Van Zanten hears only the word “okay,” followed by a five-second squeal. He keeps going. Ten seconds later there is one final exchange, clearly and maddeningly audible on the post-crash tapes. “Report when runway clear,” the tower says to Pan Am. “We’ll report when we’re clear,” acknowledges Bob Bragg. Focused on the takeoff, Van Zanten and his first officer apparently miss this. But the second officer, sitting behind them, does not. Alarmed, with their plane now racing forward at a hundred knots, he leans forward. “Is he not clear?” he asks. “That Pan American?” “Oh, yes,” Van Zanten answers emphatically. In the Pan Am cockpit, nose-to-nose with the still unseen, rapidly approaching interloper, there’s a growing sense that something isn’t right. “Let’s get the f*** out of here,” Captain Victor Grubbs says nervously. A few moments later, the lights of the KLM 747 emerge out of the grayness, dead ahead, 2,000 feet away and closing fast. “There he is!” cries Grubbs, shoving the thrust levers to full power. “Look at him! Goddamn, that son of a bitch is coming!” He yanks the plane’s steering tiller, turning left as hard as he can, toward the grass at the edge of the runway. “Get off! Get off! Get off!” shouts Bob Bragg. Van Zanten sees them, but it’s too late. Attempting to leapfrog, he pulls back on the elevators, dragging his tail along the pavement for 70 feet in a hail of sparks. He almost makes it, but just as his plane breaks ground, its undercarriage and engines slice into the ceiling of the Victor, instantly demolishing its midsection and setting off a series of explosions. The worlds best airlines - according to you Badly damaged, the Rhine settles back to the runway, skids hard on its belly for another thousand feet, and is consumed by fire before a single one of its 248 occupants can escape. Remarkably, of 396 passengers and crew aboard the Pan Am jumbo, 61 of them survived, including all five people in the cockpit: the three-man crew and two off-duty employees riding in the jumpseats. Over the past few years, I’ve been fortunate enough to meet two of those Pan Am survivors and hear their stories firsthand. I say that nonchalantly, but this is probably the closest I’ve ever come to meeting, for lack of a better term, a hero. Romanticising the fiery deaths of 583 people is akin to romanticising war, but there’s a certain mystique to the Tenerife disaster, a gravity so strong that shaking these survivors’ hands produced a feeling akin to that of a little kid meeting his favorite baseball player. These men were there, emerging from the wreckage of what, for some of us, stands as an event of mythic proportions. The 10 deadliest air disasters of all time One of those survivors was Bob Bragg, the Pan Am first officer. I met him in Los Angeles, on the set of a documentary being made for the thirtieth anniversary of the accident. [Editor's note: Bob Bragg died in February 2017, after the original publication of this extract]. It was Bragg who had uttered, “And we’re still taxiing down the runway” – seven easy words that should have saved the day, but instead were lost forever in the shriek and crackle of a blocked transmission. Just thinking about it gives me the chills. But there’s nothing dark about Bob Bragg – nothing that, on the surface, feels moored to the nightmare of ’77. He’s one of the most easygoing people you’ll ever meet. Gray-haired, bespectacled, and articulate, he looks and sounds like what he is: a retired airline pilot. God knows how many times he’s recounted the collision to others. He speaks about the accident with a practiced ease, in a voice of modest detachment, as if he’d been a spectator watching from afar. You can read all the transcripts, pore over the findings, watch the documentaries a hundred times over. Not until you sit with Bob Bragg and hear the unedited account, with all of the strange and astounding details that are normally missing, do you get a full sense of what happened. The basic story is well known; it’s the ancillaries that make it moving – and surreal: Bragg describes the initial impact as little more than “a bump and some shaking.” All five men in the cockpit, located at the forward end of the 747’s distinctive upper-deck hump, saw the KLM jet coming and had ducked. Knowing they’d been hit, Bragg instinctively reached upward in an effort to pull the “fire handles” – a set of four overhead-mounted levers that cut off the supply of fuel, air, electricity, and hydraulics running to and from the engines. His arm groped helplessly. When he looked up, the roof was gone. Turning around, he realised that the entire upper deck had been sheared off at a point just aft of his chair. He could see all the way aft to the tail, 200 feet behind him. The fuselage was shattered and burning. He and Captain Grubbs were alone in their seats, on a small, fully exposed perch 35 feet above the ground. Everything around them had been lifted away like a hat. The second officer and jumpseat stations, their occupants still strapped in, were hanging upside-down through what seconds earlier was the ceiling of the first class cabin. A memorial to the victims of the disaster, unveiled 10 years ago Credit: 2007 AFP/ROBIN UTRECHT There was no option other than to jump. Bragg stood up and hurled himself over the side. He landed in the grass three stories below, feet--first, and miraculously suffered little more than an injured ankle. Grubbs followed, and he too was mostly unharmed. The others from the cockpit would unfasten their belts and shimmy down the sidewalls to the main cabin floor before similarly leaping to safety. Once on the ground, they faced a deafening roar. The plane had been pancaked into the grass, but because the cockpit control lines were severed, the engines were still running at full power. It took several moments before the motors began coming apart. Bragg remembers one of the engines’ huge forward turbofans detaching from its shaft, falling forward onto the ground with a thud. The fuselage was engulfed by fire. A number of passengers, most of them seated in forward portions of the cabin, had made it onto the craft’s left wing, and were standing at the leading edge, about 20 feet off the ground. Bragg ran over, encouraging them to jump. A few minutes later, the plane’s center fuel tank exploded, propelling a plume of flames and smoke a thousand feet into the sky. abandoned airports around the world The airport’s ill-equipped rescue team, meanwhile, was over at the KLM site, the first wreckage they’d come to after learning there’d been an accident. They hadn’t yet realised that two planes were involved, one of them with survivors. Eventually, authorities opened the airport perimeter gates, urging anybody with a vehicle to drive toward the crash scene to help. Bob Bragg tells the cracked story of standing there in fog, surrounded by stunned and bleeding survivors, watching his plane burn, when suddenly a taxicab pulls up out of nowhere. Bragg returned to work a few months later. He eventually transferred to United when that carrier took over Pan Am’s Pacific routes in the late 1980s, and retired from the company as a 747 captain. He lives in Virginia with his wife, Dorothy. (Captain Grubbs has since passed away, as has second officer George Warns). During the documentary shoot, I travelled with Bob Bragg and the producers to the aircraft storage yards at Mojave, California, where he was interviewed alongside a mothballed 747, describing that incredible leap from the upper-deck. A day earlier, using a flight deck mock-up, director Phil Desjardins filmed a reenactment of the Tenerife collision, with a trio of actors sitting in as the KLM crew. To provide the actors with a helpful demo, it was suggested that Bob Bragg and I get inside the mock-up and run through a practice takeoff. Best of | Travel Truths Bragg took the captain’s seat, and I took the first officer’s seat. We read through a makeshift checklist and went through the motions of a simulated takeoff. That’s when I looked across, and all of a sudden it hit me: Here’s Bob Bragg, lone surviving pilot of Tenerife, sitting in a cockpit, pretending to be Jacob Van Zanten, whose error made the whole thing happen. Surely Bragg wanted no part of this dreary karma, and I hadn’t the courage to make note of it out loud – assuming it hadn’t already dawned on him. But I could barely keep the astonishment to myself. One more creepy irony in a story so full of them. Closing note: On the thirtieth anniversary of the crash, a memorial was dedicated overlooking the Tenerife airport, honoring those who perished there. The sculpture is in the shape of a helix. “A spiral staircase,” the builders describe it. “[…] a symbol of infinity.” Maybe, but I’m disappointed that the more obvious physical symbolism is ignored: early model 747s, including both of those in the crash, were well known for the set of spiral stairs connecting their main and upper decks. In the minds of millions of international travellers, that stairway is something of a civil aviation icon. How evocative and poetically appropriate for the memorial – even if the designers weren’t thinking that way. Buy a copy of Cockpit Confidential, by Patrick Smith secrets of air travel Share this article Follow the Telegraph Travel news Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Read more 22 Mar 2017, 11:14am 16 things air travellers could once do that would be unthinkable today 20 Dec 2016, 1:00pm The shameful treatment of families with young children on British trains 20 Mar 2017, 3:50pm Level, BA's new low-cost sister airline, promises £99 flights to America - so what's the catch? 20 Mar 2017, 10:12am The key to a happy holiday? See nothing at all 16 Mar 2017, 5:00pm Top 10 adventure holidays for your family bucket list Travel latest Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 5:41pm Gallery: This country has more islands than any other on Earth – and these are the best 28 Mar 2017, 5:22pm Mexico has invented a cloud that rains tequila 28 Mar 2017, 5:08pm Why Lorraine Pascale takes elasticated trousers to Barcelona 28 Mar 2017, 5:01pm Great escape: 10 last-minute Easter breaks for families that won't break the bank Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 4:35pm Gallery: 12 green cities you'd never thought to visit (but really should) 28 Mar 2017, 4:32pm Bryony Gordon takes a marathon break at the Como Metropolitan London 28 Mar 2017, 3:28pm Learning how to milk a cow in backcountry Kyrgyzstan 28 Mar 2017, 1:56pm Tourist dies at popular gibbon zipline park in Laos Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 12:54pm Gallery: Don't look down: The world's scariest footpath has reopened for summer Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 12:41pm Gallery: Eerie photographs of Cyprus's abandoned no man's land airport Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 11:45am Gallery: Epic ski and snowboard photos from the Freeride World Tour 28 Mar 2017, 11:29am The hidden Italian region with the wine and hilltop villages to rival Tuscany 28 Mar 2017, 11:03am Why it's time you took your family to Center Parcs 28 Mar 2017, 11:00am 12 guest habits that are guaranteed to annoy ski chalet hosts 28 Mar 2017, 10:31am Then and now: 22 photos that prove air travel isn't what it once was 28 Mar 2017, 10:24am Could putting laptops in the hold actually make flying more dangerous? Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 9:45am Gallery: 17 photographs that prove Yorkshire is England's greatest county Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 9:30am Gallery: Europe's 20 best countries - according to you 28 Mar 2017, 8:58am The extraordinary story behind the world's emergency landing capital 28 Mar 2017, 7:45am Tell us about your Africa memories for the chance to win a £300 voucher with Hotel de France 27 Mar 2017, 6:00pm The best après ski boots for 2016/17 If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
Contactmusic Videos Artists Photos Movies Music News Home Login / Register Account / Logout Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Contactmusic > Harrison Ford > News > Harrison Ford Dubbed Himself A 'Schmuck' After Airport Incident Harrison Ford Dubbed Himself A 'Schmuck' After Airport Incident By WENN in Movies / TV / Theatre on 27 March 2017 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Reddit Fark Email Comment Follow Harrison Ford Harrison Ford Harrison Ford confessed to being a "schmuck" after he was involved in a near miss with a Boeing plane at a California airport last month (Feb17). The 74-year-old was told to land his single-engine plane on Runway 20L at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on 13 February (17), but he instead landed on a parallel taxiway. His plane flew low over an American Airlines Boeing 737 that was on the taxiway, waiting to take off, with 116 people on board. The flight departed safely for Dallas a few minutes after the incident. Recordings of Ford's conversations with air-traffic controllers were released on Friday (24Mar17) by the Federal Aviation Administration, and they reveal the Star Wars actor was distracted and concerned about turbulence from another aircraft. "I'm the schmuck who landed on the taxiway," he told an air traffic controller shortly after the near miss. Footage from the incident was released last month (Feb17), and shows Ford's Aviat Husky plane descending toward the airfield where the Boeing is slowly taxiing. "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" Ford asked the air traffic control tower. "Oh. I landed on Taxiway Charlie. I understand now. Sorry for that." In a phone call with an air traffic controller after the near miss, the actor said he "got distracted by the airliner" and also mentioned "big turbulence" from another plane that was landing. An air traffic controller then told the Indiana Jones star to take his time getting the number from his pilot's licence, and added that it wasn't a big deal. "It's a big deal for me," Ford replied. Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said an investigation into the incident is still underway. Landing on a taxiway, instead of a runway, is a violation of regulations. Contactmusic Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Reddit Fark Email Comment Follow Harrison Ford Advertisement Contactmusic 2017 Exclusive Related Harrison Ford Dubbed Himself A 'Schmuck' After Airport Incident Harrison Ford dubs himself a 'schmuck' after plane incident Harrison Ford honours the late Muhammad Ali at Celebrity Fight Night Harrison Ford Among Stars Honouring Muhammad Ali At Charity Bash Indiana Jones 5 gets release date Video Footage Surfaces From Harrison Ford Latest Plane Accident Harrison Ford Is Back In The Air Days After Airplane Incident Advertisement Harrison Ford Could Be In Trouble After His Latest Piloting Incident Harrison Ford involved in plane incident Harrison Ford Involved In Passenger Plane Air Scare - Report Harrison Ford Meets With Han Solo Successor Alden Ehrenreich Star Wars Han Solo film release date pushed back Harrison Ford Honours 'One-of-a-kind' Carrie Fisher Harrison Ford's tribute to 'fearless' Carrie Fisher Advertisement Movies and Trailers Blade Runner 2049 - Announcement Trailer The official announcement trailer for 'Blade Runner 2049' is finally here and while we still... Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens Movie Review Appealing both to a new generation of viewers and fans of the series since the... Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens Legacy Featurette Trailer Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens TV Spot Trailer After the victory of the Rebel Alliance over the Galactic Empire and subsequent demolition of... Star Wars: The Force Awakens Trailer It's been thirty years since the Rebel Alliance; led by the noble Luke Skywalker, the... Star Wars - Comic Con Featurette Trailer The cast and crew of the hugely anticipated upcoming 'Star Wars' movie 'The Force Awakens'... Secret Cinema presents Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back Movie Review Secret Cinema's Star Wars event is a mind-blowing experience of a lifetime for any Star... Advertisement The Age of Adaline Movie Review Like Benjamin Button, this drama plays around with the human lifespan, is slickly produced and... Star Wars: The Force Awakens Trailer 30 years ago, the Rebel Alliance struck their killing blow against the Galactic Empire. The... Star Wars: Empire Strikes Back Trailer The Rebel Alliance struck a terrific blow to the Galactic Empire with the destruction of... Star Wars: A New Hope Trailer The galaxy is in turmoil. A Rebel Alliance is rising up against the villainous Galactic... Star Wars: Return Of The Jedi Trailer The Rebel Alliance has fallen into an incredibly dark time. With the destruction of their... Star Wars: The Digital Collection Trailer A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. The majestic order of honourable,... Age Of Adaline - International Trailer In 1908, a young girl was born. She was not extraordinary, and lived a simple... Advertisement Actors Index: 0 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Help Contact Us T&Cs Privacy Cookie Policy Site Map Copyright © 2017 Contactmusic.com Ltd, all rights reserved Contactmusic Home Editors Recommended Editors Recommended News News Headlines News Headlines Trending Headlines Music / Festival News Music / Festival News Musicians & bands in the news Movie / TV / Theatre News Movie / TV / Theatre News Actors & filmmakers in the news Lifestyle / Showbiz News Lifestyle / Showbiz News Celebrities in the news News Archive News Archive Music Music Reviews Music Reviews Best Rated Music Reviews Music Video Music Video Top Music Videos Most Mentioned Most Mentioned Bands and Musicians in Music Movies Movie Trailers Movie Trailers Movie Reviews Movie Reviews Best Rated Movies Most Mentioned Most Mentioned Actors and Filmmakers in Film Photos Latest Photos Popular Photos Latest Photos Updated Galleries Most Mentioned Most Mentioned People in Photos Photo Archive Photo Archive Artists Trending Artists Trending Artists Actors and Filmmakers Actors Filmmakers Celebrities Celebrities Bands and Musicians Bands Musicians Interviews Interviews Videos Music Video Music Video Top Music Videos Movie Trailers Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Video Chart Video Chart Most Mentioned Most Menioned Artists in Video ✕ Music Video Movie Trailers Video Chart Most Mentioned Videos Music Video Top Music Videos Videos Most Menioned Artists in Video Videos Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Videos Video Chart Trending Artists Actors and Filmmakers Bands and Musicians Celebrities Interviews Artists Trending Artists   Artists Actors Filmmakers Artists Bands Musicians Artists Celebrities   Artists Interviews Latest Photos Popular Photos Most Mentioned Photo Archive Photos Latest Photos Latest Galleries Photos Popular Photos Popular Galleries Photos Most Mentioned People in Photos Photos Photo Archive Go Back in Time using our Photos archive to see what happened on a particular day in the past. Movie Trailers Movie Reviews Most Mentioned Movies Movie Reviews Best Rated Movies Movies Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Movies Most Mentioned Actors and Filmmakers in Film Music Reviews Music Video Most Mentioned Music Music Reviews Best Rated Music Reviews Music Music Video Top Music Videos Music Most Mentioned Bands and Musicians in Music News Headlines Music / Festival News Movie / TV / Theatre News Lifestyle / Showbiz News News Archive News News Headlines Trending Headlines News Music / Festival News musicians & bands in the news News Movie / TV / Theatre News actors & filmmakers in the news News Lifestyle / Showbiz News celebrities in the news News Press Releases News News Archive Go Back in Time using our News archive to see what happened on a particular day in the past. Editors Recommended Home Editors Recommended
Stay Connected Latest Posts in RSS Breaking Classifieds Community News Obituaries Online Edition Sports TribCast Latest Comments in RSS / Home Classifieds Online Edition TribCast Community Sports Obituaries News Robert ‘Bob’ E. Coffelt Robert E. Coffelt, 78, of Troy died Tuesday, March 21, 2017 at St. Joseph West Hospital in Lake St. Louis. He was born on Aug. 14, 1938 in Perryville to Henry J. and Viola B (Hudson) Coffelt. After graduating from the local school, Bob enlisted in the U.S. Army and served during Korean and Vietnam Wars. He was a military police officer and received expert rifle, sharpshooter and marksman badges. Bob received an honorable discharge from the military in 1963. He then went on to work as an inspector at McDonnell-Douglas (now Boeing), where he retired after 45 years of service.Bob was proud to have worked on numerous aerospace programs including The Liberty Bell 7. Bob was a Lifetime Member of the International Association of Machinist and Aerospace Workers. Bob and Shelia (Jett) were married at the Ridge Road Baptist Church on May 25, 1996. They enjoyed karaoke, going to casinos, driving around in their Mustang and spending time with family and friends. Bob was a jokester who never knew a stranger. After his retirement from Boeing, he started a new career as “Parking Lot Bob”. Bob worked for the Lincoln County R-III School District in parking lot security for Troy Buchanan High School from 2002-2014. Parking Lot Bob was beloved by the faculty and students of TBHS, where he served as the “Guardian of the Parking Lot”. Bob is survived by his beloved wife: Shelia Coffelt of Troy, five children; Craig Coffelt, Laura Corbett, Roschell M. Eaton, Gary L. Followell Jr., Kenneth Followell, five grandchildren; Jason, Devlin, Justin, Kyle and Kennedy, one great-grandson: Theodore and all his grandchildren in Texas, two sisters; Alma L. Probst and Shirley Pingle and many other relatives and friends He was preceded in death by his parents, and two siblings; Clara Kohlfield and William Coffelt. Visitation was Saturday from 12 p.m.-4 p.m., at McCoy-Blossom Funeral Homes & Crematory, Troy. Funeral services were Saturday at 4 p.m., at McCoy-Blossom Funeral Homes & Crematory Troy. The Rev. Mark Spence will officiate. Full military honors will be held at funeral home. Private burial will be held at Jefferson Barracks at a later date. Family and Friends may sign online guest book at www.mccoyblossomfh.com. Comments are closed Recently Commented Recent Entries Silex Takes Down Louisiana, Clopton Work Continues Around Courthouse Community Mourns Loss Of Mr. George Nienhueser Louisiana Community Cat Coalition Efforts Yielding Positive Results In Controlling Population, Behavior Public Health Week March 28th Online Edition Help Wanted Muriel Hogue Robert Leroy Harpole Wendell T. Oller Classifieds Online Edition TribCast Community Sports Obituaries News RSS Log in | 2017 The People's Tribune
Tuesday , March 28 2017 English Français calling cards Balla Radio [live] Contact CameroonOnline.org Cameroon news, Actualité Camerounaise, live Web TV & Radio, World News and a lot more Home English Français Society Meningitis outbreak reported in Yaounde Central Prison 4 hours ago La décentralisation de la distribution des antirétroviraux s’intensifie au Cameroun 4 days ago Une employée de maison vide l’appartement de ses employeurs en leur absence 1 week ago Cameroon: Close to 10% of the population affected by food insecurity 1 week ago Sports Lions indomptables: à l’épreuve de la Guinée 16 hours ago Hugo Broos : “les joueurs doivent revenir sur terre” 1 day ago Replay: Friendly, Cameroon vs Tunisia – Full match [+video] 4 days ago Le Cameroun d’Aboubakar gagne en Tunisie 4 days ago Business Ciment : LHMA lance une nouvelle usine au Cameroun 4 hours ago Reeling from an internet shutdown, startups in Cameroon have created an “internet refugee camp” 4 hours ago CFA 30bln to be raised for national air carrier bailout 16 hours ago Réduction de 21% de la masse salariale de la Camair-Co (officiel) 16 hours ago General MINEFI: Teachers stage protest against unpaid salaries 4 hours ago 400 millions d’amende infligée à des bateaux chinois et nigérians 4 days ago Samuel Eto’o, ambassadeur de l’UNICEF au Cameroun 7 days ago American lawmakers speak out on Cameroon as lawyer’s trial looms 1 week ago Politique Trial of Arrested Civil Society leaders adjourned again 1 day ago Le SDF se dit favorable au fédéralisme 1 day ago Cameroon Journalist Testifies He Is Not a Boko Haram Accomplice 1 day ago Le Syndicat des enseignants du supérieur suspend son mort d’ordre de grève en zone anglophone 3 days ago Africa Burkina Faso-Nigeria friendly cancelled over UK visa refusals 4 hours ago En Afrique, des prêtres pédophiles couverts par l’Église [+vidéo] 13 hours ago Le Cameroun renvoie des milliers de réfugiés 7 days ago UN Calls on Cameroon to Stop Forcibly Deporting Nigerian Refugees 7 days ago World Internet rights campaigners take on Cameroon’s govt over blackout 1 month ago Police arrest gang after investor had Dh3.6m stolen at Dubai hotel 1 month ago Vigil held from Md. man from Cameroon killed hours before his birthday 1 month ago UN team attacked on Cameroon-Nigeria border 2 months ago Watch LIVE TV LIVE music Breaking News Eto’o: “Mon rêve serait d’être le premier entraîneur africain à entraîner une grande équipe européenne.” [+vidéo] Ciment : LHMA lance une nouvelle usine au Cameroun MINEFI: Teachers stage protest against unpaid salaries Reeling from an internet shutdown, startups in Cameroon have created an “internet refugee camp” Burkina Faso-Nigeria friendly cancelled over UK visa refusals Meningitis outbreak reported in Yaounde Central Prison En Afrique, des prêtres pédophiles couverts par l’Église [+vidéo] CFA 30bln to be raised for national air carrier bailout Réduction de 21% de la masse salariale de la Camair-Co (officiel) Lions indomptables: à l’épreuve de la Guinée Home / Business / CFA 30bln to be raised for national air carrier bailout CFA 30bln to be raised for national air carrier bailout 16 hours ago 4 Comments Share Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn Pinterest Related Articles Ciment : LHMA lance une nouvelle usine au Cameroun 4 hours ago MINEFI: Teachers stage protest against unpaid salaries 4 hours ago Reeling from an internet shutdown, startups in Cameroon have created an “internet refugee camp” 4 hours ago APA – Douala (Cameroon) A bank syndicate led by Ecobank-Cameroon, the local subsidiary of the pan-African banking group could raise CFA30 billion to bail out national air carrier Camair-Co, the airline announced on Monday. Initially planned for five years, the recovery plan will finally last a period of seven years and will be aligned with the duration of the financing of the bank pool, the company explained. According to a statement to APA on Monday, the plan, with the help of experts from the American firm Boeing Consulting, will involve anticipating the deployment of cargo activity” with “A cargo Division”, which will include adding to the Camair-Co fleet a Boeing 737-400F freighter to generate new revenues by tapping into the potential of countries in the region. With this in mind, Camair-Co announces an increase in the frequency of domestic flights from 70 to 100 per week, with an intensification of its service in the north of the country and the opening of the new routes. With a view to successfully implementing this improved stimulus plan, Camair-Co just acquired two aircraft under lease, added to the implementation of a policy to reduce the company’s expenses. From this standpoint, for 2017 the plan projects savings to the tune of CFA16 billion, which has begun to be realized through the “relocation of the company’s headquarters to its own premises, the temporary suspension of unprofitable services, the reduction of 21 percent of its payroll.” Two years ago, Ecobank was already the leader of a banking pool that mobilized CFA25 billion for Camair-Co, a company still struggling six years after the launch of its operations. APAnews Share Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn Pinterest Check Also Burkina Faso-Nigeria friendly cancelled over UK visa refusals A friendly match between Burkina Faso and Nigeria to be held on Monday at the … 4 comments Palava no fine 16 hours ago at 00:12 Always planing to fall, the white man has your balls and u can’t breath that’s why u will always go back to him for bailout/help/borrow. This is a carrier doom to fail, in Cameroon you can search and buy a flight ticket online, too much vachautes flying around from blotted ministers to their girl friends. Biya himself has one and is accountable to nobody as usual. Aircrafts being impounded around the world for not payment of taxes. It doesn’t matter if you give them $30bln, it will still be run to the ground because they can’t manage. Reply John Dinga 15 hours ago at 01:10 In good hands, a fantastic potential employer if operated on strictly business principles – employ able hands, prioritize competition, use research-based decision making. Camair-Co can go places!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Reply Country Man 15 hours ago at 01:15 It is not mandatory that every country must have an airline. If Cameroon after borrowing all the money in the past could not manage this airlines, sell the stuff and leave people at ease rather than go to get some more money and give these embezzlers. Than for me to pay a ticket to move thru Cameroon airlines, I better take a canoe. Reply bu 7 hours ago at 08:35 A country whose leadership can’t manage itself thinks of managing an airlines company. The immediate thing that comes to a Cameroonians mind is how to use every given opportunity to his advantage a syndrome from Yde elite. Corruption infested people. Once Cameroon s leadership shall leave Yde control… Camair co is doomed to fail Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  characters available Name * Email * Website Cameroon TV LIVE | Télévision en ligne Random Quote If you climb up a tree, you must climb down the same tree. — African Proverb Météo 29C Yaounde broken clouds humidity: 62% wind: 3km/h SSW H 29 • L 29 32C Wed 20C Thu 26C Fri 29C Sat 29C Sun Cameroon Music Trending News… past 48 hours Le SDF se dit favorable au fédéralisme 12 Trial of Arrested Civil Society leaders adjourned ... 5 CFA 30bln to be raised for national air carrier ba... 4 MINEFI: Teachers stage protest against unpaid sala... 2 Eto’o: “Mon rêve serait d’être... 1 Télévisions en direct Videos Eto’o: “Mon rêve serait d’être le premier entraîneur africain à entraîner une grande équipe européenne.” [+vidéo] 3 hours ago Replay: Friendly, Cameroon vs Tunisia – Full match [+video] 4 days ago Rugby helps youths in football-mad Cameroon [+video] 1 week ago Retombées de la CAN: une Mercedes-Benz GLA offerte à Michael Ngadeu [+vidéo] 1 month ago Bidoung Kpwatt se prononce enfin sur le «Bidoung Challenge» [+vidéo] 1 month ago Timeline 4 hours ago Ciment : LHMA lance une nouvelle usine au Cameroun 4 hours ago MINEFI: Teachers stage protest against unpaid salaries 4 hours ago Reeling from an internet shutdown, startups in Cameroon have created an “internet refugee camp” Currency exchange rate to CFA Franc 605.07 USD –0.16% 657.39 EUR +0.02% 452.16 CAD –0.55% 88.04 CNY –0.43% 760.01 GBP +0.22% Currency exchange rates in XAF on March 27, 2017 Popular Posts Cameroon’s Presidential Couple Travels to Italy 1 week ago 32 Cameroun : le Canada comme médiateur de la crise anglophone ? 4 days ago 21 Members of the National Commission on the Promotion of Bilingualism and Multiculturalism appointed 2 weeks ago 19 Un marché incendié à Bamenda 2 weeks ago 16 Find us on Facebook @Follow CameroonOnline https://t.co/c2YbZymlio Eto'o: "Mon rêve serait d'être le premier entraîneur africain à entraîner une grande équ... https://t.co/JqthdfOWw016 hours ago ago https://t.co/4Ir51F6IG3 Traditional Medicine: Chinese Hospital Receives 15,000 Patients Daily The Jiangsu Provi... https://t.co/PPzBLv1qEe16 hours ago ago 31C Bamenda clear sky humidity: 23% wind: 2km/h N H 31 • L 31 32C Wed 31C Thu 29C Fri 29C Sat 26C Sun 31C Douala broken clouds humidity: 70% wind: 1km/h WSW H 31 • L 31 34C Wed 26C Thu 28C Fri 29C Sat 31C Sun 38C Garoua few clouds humidity: 5% wind: 4km/h N H 38 • L 38 41C Wed 38C Thu 38C Fri 40C Sat 36C Sun Designed by balla © Copyright 2017, CameroonOnline.ORG All Rights Reserved
Department of Defense Search Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports Quick Links Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Legal & Administrative Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map Skip to main content (Press Enter). Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Toggle navigation Department of Defense Department of Defense Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports U.S. Department of Defense Search HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-057-17 March 27, 2017 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS   AIR FORCE   The Boeing Co., Seattle, Washington, has been awarded a $59,233,699 modification (P00117) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA8625-11-C-6600 for interim contracting support for the KC-46. Work will be performed worldwide in support of KC-46 and is expected to be complete by March 24, 2018.  Fiscal 2016 aircraft procurement funds in the amount of $59,233,699 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is the contracting activity.   General Atomics - Aeronautical Systems Inc., Poway, California, has been awarded a $39,541,566 undefinitized contract action modification (FA8620-17-F-2353) to previously awarded contract FA8620-15-G-4040 for medium altitude unmanned aircraft system block 30 ground control station production. Work will be performed at Poway, California, and is expected to be complete by March 25, 2019. Fiscal 2015 aircraft procurement funds in the amount of $39,541,566 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force base, Ohio, is the contracting activity.   Beechcraft Defense Co., Wichita, Kansas, has been awarded a not-to-exceed $15,225,799 cost-plus-fixed-fee undefinitized contract action for the Peace Dragon King Air 350 program. Contractor will provide contractor logistics support, basic life support, program support, and repair and return, cost per flight hour, travel and fuel for the Peace Dragon King Air 350 program for the country of Iraq. Work will be performed at Baghdad, Iraq, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. This contract is 100 percent foreign military sales to Iraq. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, is the contracting activity (FA8620-17-C-3011).   NAVY   Raytheon Co., Integrated Defense Systems, Marlborough, Massachusetts, is being awarded a $37,296,370 fixed-price incentive (firm target) modification to previously awarded contract (N00024-16-C-5144) to exercise options for two Missile Fire Control System (MFCS) MK 99 equipment ship sets.  This option exercise provides support for Aegis Weapon System (AWS) production requirements. The MFCS MK99 is a critical component of the AWS.  Work will be performed in Andover, Massachusetts (78 percent); Marlborough, Massachusetts (19 percent); Waterloo, Ontario, Canada (1 percent); Moorestown, New Jersey (1 percent); and Chesapeake, Virginia (1 percent), and is expected to be completed by September 2020. Fiscal 2017 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funding in the amount of $37,296,370 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.   Georgia Power Co., Atlanta, Georgia, is being awarded $15,860,474 for firm-fixed-price modification P00001 to a task order under a previously awarded General Services Administration area-wide contract (N40085-17-F-1111) for emergency utility repairs at Marine Corps Logistics Base (MCLB) Albany.  The work to be performed provides for the repair and replacement of two main circuits to the substation, supplement feeders, telecom lines with internet gateway, restoration of approximately 120 downed poles, and ancillary repairs across the tornado damaged area.  Work will be performed in Albany, Georgia, and is expected to be completed by March 2018.  Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Marine Corps) contract funds in the amount of $15,860,474 are obligated on this award and will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  One proposal was received for this task order.  Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.302-2 permits other than full and open competition when an unusual and compelling urgency precludes full and open competition, and delay in award of a contract would result in serious injury, financial or other, to the government.  This statutory authority is applicable due to the unusual and compelling nature of the requirement stemming from the tornado damage MCLB Albany experienced.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Mid-Atlantic, Norfolk, Virginia, is the contracting activity.     KKP Electrical Contractors LLC,* Boise, Idaho, is being awarded $10,420,007 for firm-fixed-price task order 0003 under a previously awarded multiple award construction contract (N62473-16-D-1859) for data center power upgrades at Naval Base Coronado.  The work to be performed provides for replacement of on-site power generation system, associated electrical distribution and controls systems consisting of multiple natural gas-fired generators with liquefied petroleum gas, and back-up fuel.  Built-in equipment will include a liquefied petroleum gas/propane storage facility and electrical utilities.  Work will be performed in San Diego, California, and is expected to be completed by October 2018.  Fiscal 2017 military construction (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $10,420,007 are obligated on this award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  Four proposals were received for this task order.  The Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Southwest, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity.    Lockheed Martin Corp., Rotary and Mission Systems, Moorestown, New Jersey, is being awarded an $8,443,815 fixed-price incentive modification to a previously awarded contract (N00024-14-C-5104) to exercise an option for ship integration and test of the Aegis Weapon System (AWS) for AWS baselines through Advanced Capability Build 12. The contract provides for Aegis shipboard integration engineering, Aegis test team support, Aegis modernization team engineering support, ballistic missile defense test team support, and AWS element assessments. This contract will cover the AWS ship integration and test efforts for five new construction DDG 51 class ships and the major modernization of five DDG 51 class ships. It will additionally cover the integrated combat system modifications and upgrades for all current ships with all AWS baselines up to and including Advanced Capability Build 12.  Work will be performed in Pascagoula, Mississippi (89 percent); Camden, New Jersey (10 percent); and various places below one percent (1 percent), and is expected to be completed by November 2017. Fiscal 2013 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funds in the amount of $8,443,815 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year. The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.   ARMY   Cubic Global Defense Inc., San Diego, California, was awarded a $17,501,957 modification (P00055) to contract W91QVN-14-C-0033 for the operation of the Korea Battle Simulation Center. Work will be performed in the Republic of Korea, with an estimated completion date of March 31, 2018. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Army) funds in the amount of $10,993,545 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Youngsan, Korea, is the contracting activity.   BIS Services LLC,* Kenner, Louisiana, was awarded a $11,807,112 firm-fixed-price contract for hurricane and storm damage risk reduction system mitigation, marsh creation at Yankee Pond and geo-crib in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana. Bids were solicited via the Internet with five received. Work will be performed in Westwego, Louisiana, with an estimated completion date of April 6, 2019. Fiscal 2017 other funds in the amount of $11,807,112 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, New Orleans, Louisiana, is the contracting activity (W912P8-17-C-0016).   AES Group Inc.,* Parker, Colorado, was awarded a $10,000,000 firm-fixed-price contract for architect-engineer services.  Bids were solicited via the Internet with 20 received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order; with an estimated completion date of March 26, 2022. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Fort Worth, Texas, is the contracting activity (W9126G-17-D-0018).   Northrop Grumman Space and Mission Systems Corp., Madison, Alabama, was awarded a $9,486,441 cost-plus-fixed-fee contract for the insertion of a secure communications capability upgrade for the Rocket, Artillery, Mortar Warn systems. Bids were solicited via the Internet with one received. Work will be performed in Madison, Alabama, with an estimated completion date of March 23, 2018. Fiscal 2016 and 2017 research, development, test and evaluation funds in the amount of $9,486,441 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, is the contracting activity (W31P4Q-17-C-0081).   DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY   EDO LLC, Amityville, New York, has been awarded a maximum $10,779,008 firm-fixed-price contract for aircraft spare parts. This is a three-year contract with no option periods. This was a sole-source acquisition using justification 10 U.S. Code 2304 (c)(1). Location of performance is New York, with a Jan. 27, 2020, performance completion date. Using customers are Navy and Royal Australian Air Force. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through 2020 Navy working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Aviation, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (SPRPA1-17-C-V017).    *Small business   - END - News News Articles Casualty Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Contracts Testimony Messages Special Reports Photos/Videos Photo Essays Week in Photos DoD Video News Other Pentagon Press Badges Military Commissions Press / Media Queries Other News Sources MISSION The mission of the Department of Defense is to provide the military forces needed to deter war and to protect the security of our country. The department's headquarters is at the Pentagon. SUBSCRIBE NOW Get the latest DoD News products delivered to your inbox. Subscribe MILITARY DEPARTMENTS Joint Chiefs Army Marine Corps Navy Air Force Coast Guard UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Africa Command Central Command European Command Northern Command Pacific Command Southern Command Special Operations Command Strategic Command Transportation Command Connect Twitter Facebook Flickr LinkedIn Instagram YouTube DefenseTV DVIDS Blogs RSS Contact Subscribe Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map
Latest News Dow 20,715 +163.53 +0.80% Nasdaq 5,878 +37.94 +0.65% S&P 500 2,360 +18.46 +0.79% 3:38 P.M. ET Stock-picking fund managers double down on economic growth 3:30 P.M. ET Updated Dollar turns higher as consumer-confidence reading boosts stocks 3:29 P.M. ET Updated Qualifications: Fluent in English, excellent writing skills, ability to wallow in luxury 3:27 P.M. ET Updated As Senator McCaskill probes marketing of opioids, fatal overdoses spike among white, middle-aged men 3:21 P.M. ET Updated ‘Made in the USA’ was only No. 10 in this ranking of national labels 3:17 P.M. ET Updated Oil ends at 1-week high on Libya output disruptions 3:06 P.M. ET Updated Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid 3:03 P.M. ET Updated Fed’s Fischer forecasts two more interest rate hikes this year 3:02 P.M. ET Updated The Trump-inspired ‘reflation trade’ just suffered a major setback 3:02 P.M. ET Updated Daily Mail gets slammed for sexist front page, tells readers to ‘get a life’ 2:59 P.M. ET Updated Why investors aren’t more excited about Regeneron’s new $37,000-a-year drug 2:56 P.M. ET With low yields abroad, investors hunt for international dividend funds 2:50 P.M. ET Updated Oil prices end at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 2:44 P.M. ET WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Dow up 174 points, or 0.9%, to 20,727 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500 rises 20 points, or 0.9%, to 2,362 2:43 P.M. ET Breaking Stocks accelerate gains in afternoon trade 2:43 P.M. ET Chesapeake Energy's stock rallies on heavy volume after bullish note from Wunderlich analyst Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Close Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Adient looks to expand in aviation with Boeing By Chester Dawson Published: Mar 27, 2017 2:44 p.m. ET Share By ChesterDawson DETROIT -- Automotive seating supplier Adient PLC is considering entering the aerospace business, announcing plans Monday to work with Boeing Co. to explore development of seating for aircraft. The recent spinoff of Johnson Controls Inc., which is one of the world's top two suppliers of passenger car seats, is signaling it wants a piece of the growing market for aircraft interiors. The move comes as global sales growth for passenger vehicles is expected to slow, with record high demand for cars in key markets such as the U.S. forecast to decline slightly this year. "We believe there's an opportunity for Adient to raise the bar on the aviation passenger experience, building on our leadership in the automobile seat market," Adient CEO Bruce McDonald said in a statement. The collaboration with Boeing isn't exclusive and Adient says it is open to working with all aircraft manufacturers, including rivals such as Airbus SE, Bombardier Inc. and Embraer SA. Adient and rival Lear Corp. control about half of the passenger car seating market, which RnR Market Research values at around $70 billion currently and expects to grow to $84 billion by 2020. That dwarfs the $14.1 billion aircraft interior market, but demand for aviation seating and other interior components is projected to nearly double by 2025, according to Counterpoint Market Intelligence Ltd. Boeing's relationship with Adient is an effort to provide a "wider range of options and more reliable, on-time performance in the airplane interiors and seating category," Kent Fisher, vice president of supplier management for the aerospace company's commercial unit, said in a statement. Boeing has been shaking up its supply chain in an effort to cut costs. Last April, the aircraft manufacturer said it would promote economy-class seats made by Lift, a unit of Encore Corporate Inc. and new entrant into the aircraft seating supply business. In 2016, the biggest seating suppliers on Boeing aircraft were B/E Aerospace Inc., the world's largest maker of plane seats, France's Zodiac Aerospace SA and Recaro group of Germany, said George Burton, a director at Counterpoint. While Adient leases the Recaro brand name for high-end automotive seating, a spokesman said it would not use that name to market aircraft seats sales if it does decide to enter that line of business. Adient became independent of Johnson Controls in October, and has corporate offices in Plymouth, Mich. even though it retains its former parent's incorporation in Ireland for tax purposes. Write to Chester Dawson at chester.dawson@wsj.com More from MarketWatch United Airlines stopped girls in yoga pants from boarding flight — even after promoting leggings as travel wear I drove myself crazy by investing $3 in the stock market Alexa and Siri Make Smart Lights Smarter Most Popular Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The Nintendo Switch launch, in many charts The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid How 4D mapping could change the way we live and work MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Modern technology for man’s best friends View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Moneyish This is when taking an Uber to work can actually save you money View More Financial News The grumpy Englishmen bringing transparency to global FX View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA SQ Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) sets new all-time highs >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > Boeing Company (BA) Stock Soaring for Growth Investors on Big Orders Higher defense spending will benefit BA stock, and those who own it By Chris Lau, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 27, 2017, 1:36 pm EDT     Popular Posts: Has Apple Stock Peaked? Not Even Close Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is a High-Risk All-Star 7 Cheap Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Recent Posts: Nokia Corp (ADR) (NOK) Stock Is Doing Everything Right Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Stock May Be Healthy for Long-Term Investors Boeing Company (BA) Stock Soaring for Growth Investors on Big Orders View All Posts Given the higher spending by the U.S. Defense Department, defense contractors should continue growing revenue this year. For the Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), winning billion-dollar-plus orders in the aviation space and the army virtually secures the Boeing dividend yield of 3.2%. This makes BA stock ideal for income investors seeking some underlying capital growth appreciation. Source: Phillip Capper via Flickr Big Orders for BA Stock On March 21, Boeing won a $1.4 billion contract with BOC Aviation, a Singapore-based aircraft leasing firm. The week before that, on Mar. 16, the U.S. Army award Boeing with a $3.4 billion contract. The Army is buying 268 Apache helicopters. The remanufacturing process may result in a faster delivery time and lower operational costs for Boeing. The big contracts followed Morgan Stanley’s downgrading of the stock on March 13. Since the bearish note, BA stock fell from a yearly high of $185.71. With a healthy backlog, strong cash flow and solid growth, Boeing’s business appears prosperous. If the downtrend on the stock continues, valuations will get even more compelling. The stock’s forward price-to-earnings ratio is a bit over 17 while the PEG, or P/E to growth, is a comfortable 1.29 times. Value investors may want to heed the analyst’s bearishness, since the stock is up close to 34% in the past year. Much of the gains may be due to the anticipation of President Donald Trump raising defense spending and homeland security. The flow of money away from international aid and environmental protection and towards security. The secular shift in the political policy may lead to higher orders for Boeing. Related Investments The tailwinds aren’t just helping BA stock soar. Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is valued at similar price multiples to Boeing. The jet fighter maker opened a new F-35 production facility in Johnstown, Penn. Its CEO, Marillyn Hewson, expressed optimism over the company’s prospects. She cited favorable Trump administration goals and high demand from international customers as reasons for the positive tone. LMT shares have a dividend yielding around 2.7%. United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX), whose shares pay a dividend yielding around 2.4%, said in January it would not make any big M&A (merger and acquisition) deals this year. It is spending more on R&D, particularly in the CCS and Otis units. The company also reaffirmed its guidance when it reported Q4 results on Jan. 25. Trump’s defense spending is a clear tailwind for BA stock and for Lockheed and United Technologies. However, ahead of the policy announcement, markets priced in the higher aerospace spending by government. To resume its upward march higher, Boeing also needs airliners ordering new planes. As they retire older aircrafts, airlines will order Boeing 757, 767, and 797 models. The 797 model is, of course, in development. It may begin flying in 2025. For long-term investors of BA stock, the new plane will ensure Boeing stays competitive. The risk of delays and higher costs is worth securing its place in the aerospace industry. Takeaway on BA Stock Boeing continues to trend towards yearly highs, ever since its shares jumped after the elections in November. A pullback would give value investors an entry point. If lawmakers and opposition curb the boost in spending, Boeing’s stock may fall. Yet any dip in BA stock is welcome because it lets investors buy it at cheaper levels. As of this writing, Chris Lau did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/boeing-company-ba-stock-income/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Now Tencent’s TSLA Stake Is a BIG Buy Signal AMD Gears Up for War Apple Watch Series 3 Could Cut the Cord 3 Bank Stocks You Should Buy on Dips How Much Will AAPL Fall If iPhone 8 Flops? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip 3 Unusual ETFs That Beat the Market 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW Most Popular The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 7 Small-Cap Stocks That Serve Up Big Dividends 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology The Boeing Company Technology See inside the secret bedrooms where airline pilots take a comfy rest during flights Flight crews have their own special quarters that allow them to take a quick snooze during long flights  Share  Comments ByJeff ParsonsAbigail O'Leary 14:22, 27 MAR 2017 Updated07:52, 28 MAR 2017 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextCan you guess why there is a Boeing 767 floating Watch this video again Watch Next Terrifying moment Boeing 737's 'tyre blows out' d0:45 These are the security features on the new pound 0:33 This is how to find out which of your friends hav1:00 BECOME A GEORDIE LAD 360 VIDEO3:26 Maid caught on camera appearing to be POSSESSED b Rayna meets a "robot" and it’s the cutest thing y0:24 Tom Cappuccini tells heartbreaking story of wife’1:00 Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Have you ever wondered where the flight crew get some shut-eye during a long haul flight ? Unlike the cramped economy seats, pilots are able to put their feet up in relative comfort during the red-eye. Crews on some Boeing 777 and Boeing 787 planes will even get their own beds. From the looks of things, it's still a bit cramped but at leas they're able to stretch out and lie down. In fact, some crew members said they even bring their own pyjamas. Read More Millennium Falcon: Futuristic military aircraft could be designed to fly like birds of prey (Photo: Getty) (Photo: www.alamy.com) Some of these jets feature a secret staircase which leads crew to their own sleeping quarters. But while they might offer a chance to rest your head, the set of windowless bedrooms in a row leave some attendants saying they feel like they're in a coffin. Used for long haul flights, the staircase leads crew members upwards into sleeping quarters fitted with mattresses, pillows and curtains offering a small amount of privacy. The beds are even fitted with seat belts - meaning you won't go tumbling onto a friend's mattress should you hit a patch of turbulence. Read More Fully electric planes could be carrying passengers between London and Paris by 2027 (Photo: www.alamy.com) The hidden staircase is hardly ever spotted by passengers, as it's disguised behind a security-coded door. While the size and position of the bedroom area varies on each flight, the crew's sleeping quarters are usually positioned behind the cockpit area, above first class. Some entrances to the sleeping areas are disguised as an overhead bin. Boeing 777's have between six and 10 beds, with each one coming with storage areas for a crew member's belongings. Read More Laptops, iPads and Kindles banned from hand luggage on some UK flights - here's how it affects you (Photo: www.alamy.com) (Photo: Getty Images North America) Some lucky attendants might even bag themselves a TV with their bed. A British Airways crew member spoke to the MailOnline Travel about sleeping in the onboard beds. She said: "On the Boeing 747's it's all bunk beds and on the 777 it feels like you're in a coffin. "They are cramped but you can make it comfortable if you get a blanket or pillow. "I always take my own pyjamas and I make a little bed up." Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On The Boeing Company British Airways Technology all Most Read Most Recent TechnologyThis is how to find out which of your friends have deleted you on Facebook Check at your own peril Samsung Galaxy S8Samsung Galaxy S8: Price, UK release date, screen, specs and all the news on the imminent launch The new Samsung Galaxy S8 is set to be revealed on March 29, but we already know a lot about it iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years iOSApple iOS 10.3 released: Here are the new features coming to YOUR iPhone You'll now be able to track down lost headphones and find out the cricket score World SeriesTop new PlayStation 4 family games coming in 2017 If you're on the lookout for family-friendly video games this year then you could do worse than this lot iOSApple iOS 10.3 released: Here are the new features coming to YOUR iPhone You'll now be able to track down lost headphones and find out the cricket score GoogleGoogle Home hands-on review: First impressions of Google's new smart speaker After a few months on sale in the US, the Google Home speaker is coming to the UK DinosaursWorld's biggest dinosaur footprint discovered in Australia's 'Jurassic Park' The footprint measures a whopping 1.7 metres long AppsTech billionaire Jack Dorsey shrugs off Brexit fears at UK launch of his payment service Square Companies that have previously operated on a cash basis will now be able to accept card payments TwitterTwitter chief Jack Dorsey says encryption is 'critical' to web security The Silicon Valley billionaire said that governments need to understand the problem before fixing on a solution Most Read Most Recent SnakesBody of man swallowed whole by monster 7m-long python is cut from its stomach by horrified villagers WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Friends discovered their missing pal in the belly of the snake after finding the animal sprawled out in his back garden David BeckhamDavid Beckham shocks fans with ugly scarred face and yellow teeth in first photo from King Arthur cameo The footballer looks VERY different in his latest Instagram CrimeBaby girl has lost eyesight and most of her hearing after 'hammer attack that killed her twin brother' One-year-old twins Maria and Gabriel were rushed to hospital after the "terrible incident" at their home in London's Finsbury Park New pound coinThe new £1 coins worth £250 - what to look for to spot the really rare ones There are 200,000 special £1 coins worth money out there - and they're already selling for hundreds - this is what to look out for if you get your hands on one Katie Price'Her leg looks suspiciously stretched': Fans accuse Katie Price of photoshopping her bikini-clad beach snap on Instagram The TV presenter and model uploaded a snap of herself enjoying a family holiday, however, her elongated legs prompted accusations of editing Chelsea transfer newsChelsea's Eden Hazard WILL join Real Madrid this summer if he wants to, claims Ramon Calderon Los Merengues are being linked with a big-money summer swoop for the Chelsea winger TeletubbiesThe Teletubbies twenty years on: Behind the handbags, the lesbian romps and the £250 appearance fees The huge CBBC hit celebrates its 20th birthday this year, but whatever happened to the people who lived inside Dinky, Laa Laa, Dipsy and Po? GoogleGoogle Home hands-on review: First impressions of Google's new smart speaker After a few months on sale in the US, the Google Home speaker is coming to the UK DinosaursWorld's biggest dinosaur footprint discovered in Australia's 'Jurassic Park' The footprint measures a whopping 1.7 metres long EastEndersThree EastEnders characters possibly dead as Michelle Fowler crashes car into Beales' after Preston affair exposed Kush Kazemi and Cathy Beale's lives hang in the balance Top Stories DebtFather of six who swapped £100-a-week lifestyle with millionaire in Channel 5 show comes home to find £1000 bill The family were brought back down to earth with the bill after trading places with a software millionaire and his family Court caseRape victim defends judge who told court 'drunk girls are putting themselves in danger of sex attacks' Megan Clark, 19, was attacked by a man she met in a fast food restaurant after drinking beer and vodka during a night out in Manchester BrexitBrexit negotiators who will decide the UK's future after Theresa May triggers Article 50 Who is on Team UK and Team EU? These are the people who will decide what Britain leaving Europe will look like EastEndersThree EastEnders characters possibly dead as Michelle Fowler crashes car into Beales' after Preston affair exposed Kush Kazemi and Cathy Beale's lives hang in the balance CrimeBaby girl loses eyesight and most of hearing after 'hammer attack that killed twin brother' One-year-old twins Maria and Gabriel were rushed to hospital after the "terrible incident" at their home in London's Finsbury Park PizzaCancer sufferer wins year's worth of free pizza – decides to give it away Truly inspiring Down's syndromeFamilies who love a Down's syndrome child filled this remarkable diary with their stories to help other parents Jamie Freeman began the diary when she had her son Benjamin, who has the condition, and it is now travelling the globe gathering the true stories of other families TaxFerrari worth £70k left to rot on posh street for TWO YEARS is finally clamped The tarmac surrounding the Ferrari is now green and pranksters have drawn explicit images on its dirty surface SNPScottish parliament votes for independence referendum in defiance of Theresa May Nicola Sturgeon's SNP joined forces with the Scottish Green Party to pass a motion calling for another poll Missing personsUrgent police appeal as mum goes missing with her two boys Samantha Baldwin and her two boys nine-year-old Louis Madge and six-year-old Dylan Madge were last seen near Nottingham city centre NHSNew mum told she must fork out £100-a-month on lactose-free baby milk for son after NHS withdrew funding Terri Lovatt, 30,  was told by medics that NHS chiefs have stopped funding the milk Mother’s DayDaughter horrified after visiting mum's grave on Mother's Day to find 'parking ticket' on headstone The ticket was informing Sarah Handley decorations adorning her mother's grave were one inch too big TechnologyThis is how to find out which of your friends have deleted you on Facebook Check at your own peril Samsung Galaxy S8Samsung Galaxy S8: Price, UK release date, screen, specs and all the news on the imminent launch The new Samsung Galaxy S8 is set to be revealed on March 29, but we already know a lot about it iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years iOSApple iOS 10.3 released: Here are the new features coming to YOUR iPhone You'll now be able to track down lost headphones and find out the cricket score World SeriesTop new PlayStation 4 family games coming in 2017 If you're on the lookout for family-friendly video games this year then you could do worse than this lot RobotsBricklaying robots set to replace human builders on hundreds of UK construction sites The robots are capable of laying six times as many bricks as human builders in a day, and never need a tea break Google HomeGoogle Home vs Amazon Echo: Which smart speaker will win the battle for your living room? As Google prepares to launch its smart speaker Google Home in the UK, we take a look at how it stacks up against its number one rival Amazon Echo YouTubeSpoof episodes of Peppa Pig trick children into watching disturbing videos on YouTube Parents and children are being tricked into watching parodies of popular cartoons that depict violence and frightening situations CopyrightIs Kodi legal in the UK? How authorities are cracking down on 'plug and play' piracy Thousands of Brits are buying "fully loaded" Kodi boxes to watch sports, TV and films without a subscription GoogleGoogle Home hands-on review: First impressions of Google's new smart speaker After a few months on sale in the US, the Google Home speaker is coming to the UK TechnologyNew Ad-Free subscription service launched for Mirror readers Readers will be able to browse the site without pre-roll video ads, banner ads, pre-article surveys, large format ads or pop-ups for just £2.99 a month TwitterTwitter chief Jack Dorsey says encryption is 'critical' to web security The Silicon Valley billionaire said that governments need to understand the problem before fixing on a solution FacebookFacebook Messenger will stop working on some smartphones this week - check to see if you're affected People using one of the affected devices will need to update to the latest version of the Messenger app AppsTech billionaire Jack Dorsey shrugs off Brexit fears at UK launch of his payment service Square Companies that have previously operated on a cash basis will now be able to accept card payments Video GamesVideo games to look out for in April 2017 - including Mario Kart, Yooka-Laylee and Outlast The first few months of the year have been so packed with video game releases that we'd honestly be surprised if you needed more games to play this month. PornographyWomen watch porn on their mobile phones more often than men, study claims Nearly 80% of female traffic to porn sites comes from mobile devices SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick Elon MuskElon Musk's new company 'Neuralink' wants to find a way to fuse your brain with a computer The self-made billionaire is taking a break from rocket ships and electric cars to figure out how to turn the mind into software The Boeing CompanySee inside the secret bedrooms where airline pilots take a comfy rest during flights Flight crews have their own special quarters that allow them to take a quick snooze during long flights SoldiersNaked photos of female US marines shared on secret Facebook group prompts NCIS investigation The US Marine Corps is investigating a secret Facebook group being used to circulate naked pictures of active female officers News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Tuesday, March 28, 2017  |  Jumada Al Thani 29, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Etihad Airways will operate one of its Boeing 787 Dreamliners on the new Amman route. Courtesy : Etihad Etihad’s Dreamliner boosts business class on Abu Dhabi-Amman route The National Staff March 27, 2017 Updated: March 27, 2017 05:54 PM Related Etihad’s new A380 Paris summer service is a clever move Positive signs in Middle East air freight market after long spell of inertia A380 superjumbo’s ‘cruise ship’ staircase may be consigned to history Etihad Airways to deploy new Dreamliners on Levant and Far East routes Related Etihad’s new A380 Paris summer service is a clever move Positive signs in Middle East air freight market after long spell of inertia A380 superjumbo’s ‘cruise ship’ staircase may be consigned to history Etihad Airways to deploy new Dreamliners on Levant and Far East routes Topics: Etihad Airways Etihad Airways has increased business class capacity on its Abu Dhabi-Amman route by 75 per cent. It has started operating a two-class Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner between the two capitals, with 28 seats in business and 271 in economy. Passengers travelling in business will have flat-bed seats and 20 per cent more personal space on the Dreamliner for a maximum scheduled flying time of 3 hours 24 minutes. "The decision to upgrade to the Boeing 787 reflects the importance of the Jordanian market to Etihad Airways, and the sustained development of economic relations between the two countries," said Peter Baumgartner, the airline’s chief executive. Jordan is hosting an Arab League summit this week in Amman and in May the regional edition of the World Economic Forum will also be held in the kingdom, at the Dead Sea. Etihad will put on a second daily flight to Amman, operating an Airbus A320, between 26 June and 30 September "to cater to expected high traffic demand on the route during peak season", it said. According to the International Air Transport Association, Middle East carriers grew at the world’s fastest rate in January in terms of international passenger traffic. It was the third month in a row that the region was top, arresting a previous downward trend in demand that dominated 2016. business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Emirates mulls loaning laptops to passengers amid US ban Lufthansa warns UK airlines of Brexit clouds ahead American Airlines buys stake in China’s biggest state-owned carrier Future of Industry: Industrial regeneration is an all-inclusive solution to the migration problem MOST VIEWED Business | All Hyperpanda to shutter its doors in Dubai Festival City Amazon announces agreement to buy Souq.com Emirates mulls loaning laptops to passengers amid US ban UAE petrol prices to fall in April Future of industry: UAE to become home to region’s first microfactories Future of Industry: LED World turns to its own cash reserves to expand Commercial property sales subject to VAT from next year – but residential is exempt Devoted UAE residents finding ways to monetise their popular Facebook groups Arabtec chief says a shake-up is on the way Emaar Malls confirms $800m bid for Souq.com More Most Viewed Hyperpanda to shutter its doors in Dubai Festival City Fourteen years after Iraq, we still don't know the truth of what happened Reckless driver ordered to clean Abu Dhabi streets in first community service sentence ‘I could not see them dead:’ Emirati family who lost brothers in car crash tell of shock Dinosaur footprint found in Australia may be world’s largest Outrage erupts in Oman after judge gives child rapist minimum sentence Lionel Messi ‘sad’ and Argentina ‘angry’ after Barcelona star banned for ‘insulting’ assistant referee Cloud seeding may have increased the amount of rain across the UAE Amazon announces agreement to buy Souq.com More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Emirates mulls loaning laptops to passengers amid US ban Devoted UAE residents finding ways to monetise their popular Facebook groups Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Outrage erupts in Oman after judge gives child rapist minimum sentence Emaar Malls confirms $800m bid for Souq.com Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 57° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy skies. High 63F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly to mostly cloudy. Low 48F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 28, 2017 @ 1:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Political Fix Close 1 of 3 Buy Now Christian Gooden Melissa Singleton, 34, kisses her 2-month-old daughter Melodi-Rogue after a post-nap bottle on Sunday, March 26, 2017, in their St. Louis home. The birth rate for women in their 30s is the highest it's been since the 1960s. Melissa and her husband, D.J. put off having a baby to enjoy their time together as husband and wife. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Christian Gooden Melissa Singleton, 34, makes lunch with her husband, D.J. Singleton, while holding her 2-month-old daughter, Melodi-Rogue, on Sunday, March 26, 2017, in their St. Louis home. The birth rate for women in their 30s is the highest it's been since the 1960s. Melissa and her husband, D.J. put off having a baby to enjoy their time together as husband and wife. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com shutterstock.com Women in their 30s are having babies at highest rate since the 1960s By Tim Henderson Stateline.org Mar 27, 2017 (…) +2  shutterstock.com Buy Now Christian Gooden Melissa Singleton, 34, kisses her 2-month-old daughter Melodi-Rogue after a post-nap bottle on Sunday, March 26, 2017, in their St. Louis home. The birth rate for women in their 30s is the highest it's been since the 1960s. Melissa and her husband, D.J. put off having a baby to enjoy their time together as husband and wife. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Christian Gooden Melissa Singleton, 34, makes lunch with her husband, D.J. Singleton, while holding her 2-month-old daughter, Melodi-Rogue, on Sunday, March 26, 2017, in their St. Louis home. The birth rate for women in their 30s is the highest it's been since the 1960s. Melissa and her husband, D.J. put off having a baby to enjoy their time together as husband and wife. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com When Melissa Singleton graduated from college in 2007, she wanted to focus on her career as a programmer analyst, which was already well underway having got her foot in the door working at Boeing Co. while a student. After getting married a few years later, she and her husband, D.J., — also a Boeing employee — moved back and forth from Boeing’s office in Long Beach, Calif., to its location in Seattle. They also operated a dance-and-fitness studio in Long Beach. “I knew I always wanted kids,” Singleton said, “but D.J. and I were just enjoying life, traveling and being together and enjoying our independence.” In 2014, Singleton relocated with Boeing to St. Louis. After getting established in the city, and with her husband launching his personal-training and fitness-apparel business, she decided it was time. In January — 12 days after her 34th birthday — she gave birth to Melodi-Rogue Singleton, part of a trend that is giving hope the United States will avert a population crisis. Women in their 30s are having babies at the highest rate since the 1960s, providing a rare bright spot in what’s an otherwise stagnating U.S. population. For women in their early 30s, the birthrate in 2015 was the highest it’s been since 1964, according to a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report this year. And the rate for women ages 35-39 was the highest since 1962, when families were larger and births hit near all-time highs in the baby-boom years. At the same time, the total number of births to women ages 30-39 has increased in all states except Connecticut, New Hampshire and New Jersey from 2007 to 2015, according to a Stateline analysis of National Center for Health Statistics data. And births to 30-somethings accounted for the majority of all births in Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey and the District of Columbia. In Missouri, the analysis showed, the number of births to women in their 30s increased 17.3 percent, while births among other age groups dropped by 18.4 percent. Overall in Missouri, the total number of births dropped, to 75,060 in 2015 from 81,930 in 2007. Putting off parenthood Although hardly a baby boomlet, the higher birthrates among older women help offset a decline in births among younger women ages 15-24. And they suggest that younger women who are putting off parenthood now may embrace it as they get older, finish their education, establish careers and become more financially secure. “Fertility is being displaced later and later into the lives of women, especially educated women, and more and more women are educated,” said Herbert Smith, director of the Population Studies Center at the University of Pennsylvania. Ness Sandoval, assistant professor of sociology and anthropology at St. Louis University, says we may be seeing the end of a “domino effect” that has been coupled with improvements in assisted reproductive technology and access to birth control that has allowed women to have children later in life when they are better prepared economically and socially. “We have seen a decline when women have that first birth,” Sandovoal said. “When women are able to avoid having that first birth in their teenage years, that gives them more opportunity to go to school and get an education. … When you have an education, you postpone other demographic transitions, and the ones you postpone are marriage and childbirth.” If the trend of more women having babies in their 30s continues, it also holds out hope that the nation can partly replenish its workforce — a development that could prove even more crucial if President Donald Trump follows through on his campaign promises to limit immigration. As the baby-boom generation ages out of the workplace, the nation has depended on immigration to keep its population growing and to maintain its workforce amid declining birthrates. Without a steady supply of new immigrants, who have higher fertility rates than native-born women, the nation’s workforce will start shrinking and could drop over the next 20 years, according to a report this month from the Pew Research Center. (The Pew Charitable Trusts funds the center and Stateline). Sarah Lacy, assistant professor of anthropology at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, points out that the population of Missouri has gotten older and whiter than other parts of the country that have added more Hispanic immigrants. “If the state is getting older, you are already pushing the fertility numbers back because younger people are living elsewhere,” Lacy said. A shrinking workforce could be part of a “downward spiral” affecting state economies, according to some projections, if states are unable to get people to fill jobs and pay taxes. Overall fertility rates in the U.S. are at a historic low of 62.5 births per 1,000 women of childbearing age, 15 to 44, despite the high rates for women in their 30s. There were about 4 million births in 2014 and in 2015, still well below a 2007 peak of 4.3 million and an earlier peak in 1991, when about 4.2 million millennials — the generation born between 1981 and 1997 — were born. Fertility rates for teenagers and women in their early 20s were at historic lows in 2015. And babies born to 25- to 29-year-olds decreased every year between 2008 and 2013, although they increased by 25,000 in 2014 and by 7,000 in 2015. The spike in births to older women may help temporarily, if immigration falls off under the Trump administration, said Jennifer Dabbs Sciubba, an associate professor of international studies at Rhodes College in Memphis. But postponing childbirth will not add to the population long term because U.S. women are not having enough babies over the course of their lifetimes to do that, she said. Choosing to be childless Despite worries that less immigration would result in a smaller working-age population, some advocates of limiting immigration see that outcome as more desirable. “America’s problem is not a low working-age population,” said Steven Camarota, research director of the Center for Immigration Studies, which advocates less immigration and endorses Trump’s promised crackdown. “It’s the number of working-age people who aren’t working. “Everybody agrees that a lot of blue-collar workers have lost jobs and their wages are dropping. In that context, does it make sense to keep bringing in more immigrants?” he asked. Some population analysts see a generational change among millennials, who they say are not just putting off childbirth but choosing not to do it at all. However, the continued increase in rates for women in their 30s suggests that starting families might have been delayed by the economy rather than ruled out entirely. “As the economy picks up, it could well be that 30-something millennials will finally begin having children after their recession-related delays,” said William Frey, a demographer at the Brookings Institution. “This would continue to prop up later-age fertility rates and contribute to family related consumerism.” If millennial women who are now in their 20s have more children later in life, the number of births could keep rising until at least 2024, when the largest group of them turns 35. In the class Lacy teaches at UMSL, called “anthropology of pregnancy and birth,” she discusses how older millennials are putting off starting families because of the 2007-2009 recession and their large amount of student debt. At age 31, Lacy also knows this firsthand. When she graduated from Tulane University in 2008 to a dismal job market, she returned to school to earn her doctorate . With only three years of earning income under her belt and halfway into trying to earn tenure, she will be one to have a baby later in life. “I would want them to have a life as nice as I had growing up,” she said, “and I wouldn’t be able to provide that right now.” Michele Munz of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. Stateline.org is an initiative of The Pew Charitable Trusts Political Fix from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Be informed. Get our free political newsletter featuring local and national updates and analysis. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. +2  shutterstock.com Birthrates in Missouri Birthrates by age in Missouri Year 15-17 18-19 20-24 25-29 30-34 35-39 40-44 45-49 2007 21.4 85.2 119.8 117.4 89.0 36.4 6.4 0.4 2015 10.3 47.6 87.4 115.1 96.3 41.2 7.1 0.4 Source: CDC and Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services Birthrates in Illinois Year 15-17 18-19 20-24 25-29 30-34 35-39 40-44 45-49 2015 12.3 38.5 68.5 98.6 107.1 54.9 11.3 0.9 Source: CDC Tags Birthrate Millenials Moms Over 30 Stateline.org Michele Munz Economics Fertility Rate Sociology University Workforce Work View (…) comments Latest in section Messenger: Under fire during Ferguson, judge waged battle behind the scenes Bill to preempt St. Louis anti-discrimination ordinance advances in Missouri House AG Hawley to announce anti-human trafficking unit Missouri lawmakers move to gut prevailing wage law McCaskill, still undecided on Gorsuch, does not rule out voting for filibuster Quick links Campaign finance Current Affairs Missouri voters guide Press releases Most popular Church pastor had sex with underage teen at St. Louis motels, police say Tug-of-war nearly derailed NGA's move to north city Man found dead in minivan tied to shooting of wife at Schnucks in Ladue, police said Editorial: As soccer fans say, nil-nil. City voters should say no to Propositions 1 and 2 2 men charged with murder in shooting at MetroLink station Data and maps Search City of St. Louis building permits See how much St. Louis CEOs are paid Does your legislator accept lobbyist gifts? Searchable database: Money in Missouri politics See the top paid officials in St. Charles County Help a Variety kid Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 57° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy skies. High 63F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy early with increasing clouds overnight. Low 48F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 28, 2017 @ 12:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Political Fix Close 1 of 3 Buy Now Christian Gooden Melissa Singleton, 34, kisses her 2-month-old daughter Melodi-Rogue after a post-nap bottle on Sunday, March 26, 2017, in their St. Louis home. The birth rate for women in their 30s is the highest it's been since the 1960s. Melissa and her husband, D.J. put off having a baby to enjoy their time together as husband and wife. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Christian Gooden Melissa Singleton, 34, makes lunch with her husband, D.J. Singleton, while holding her 2-month-old daughter, Melodi-Rogue, on Sunday, March 26, 2017, in their St. Louis home. The birth rate for women in their 30s is the highest it's been since the 1960s. Melissa and her husband, D.J. put off having a baby to enjoy their time together as husband and wife. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com shutterstock.com Women in their 30s are having babies at highest rate since the 1960s By Tim Henderson Stateline.org Mar 27, 2017 (…) +2  shutterstock.com Buy Now Christian Gooden Melissa Singleton, 34, kisses her 2-month-old daughter Melodi-Rogue after a post-nap bottle on Sunday, March 26, 2017, in their St. Louis home. The birth rate for women in their 30s is the highest it's been since the 1960s. Melissa and her husband, D.J. put off having a baby to enjoy their time together as husband and wife. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Christian Gooden Melissa Singleton, 34, makes lunch with her husband, D.J. Singleton, while holding her 2-month-old daughter, Melodi-Rogue, on Sunday, March 26, 2017, in their St. Louis home. The birth rate for women in their 30s is the highest it's been since the 1960s. Melissa and her husband, D.J. put off having a baby to enjoy their time together as husband and wife. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com When Melissa Singleton graduated from college in 2007, she wanted to focus on her career as a programmer analyst, which was already well underway having got her foot in the door working at Boeing Co. while a student. After getting married a few years later, she and her husband, D.J., — also a Boeing employee — moved back and forth from Boeing’s office in Long Beach, Calif., to its location in Seattle. They also operated a dance-and-fitness studio in Long Beach. “I knew I always wanted kids,” Singleton said, “but D.J. and I were just enjoying life, traveling and being together and enjoying our independence.” In 2014, Singleton relocated with Boeing to St. Louis. After getting established in the city, and with her husband launching his personal-training and fitness-apparel business, she decided it was time. In January — 12 days after her 34th birthday — she gave birth to Melodi-Rogue Singleton, part of a trend that is giving hope the United States will avert a population crisis. Women in their 30s are having babies at the highest rate since the 1960s, providing a rare bright spot in what’s an otherwise stagnating U.S. population. For women in their early 30s, the birthrate in 2015 was the highest it’s been since 1964, according to a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report this year. And the rate for women ages 35-39 was the highest since 1962, when families were larger and births hit near all-time highs in the baby-boom years. At the same time, the total number of births to women ages 30-39 has increased in all states except Connecticut, New Hampshire and New Jersey from 2007 to 2015, according to a Stateline analysis of National Center for Health Statistics data. And births to 30-somethings accounted for the majority of all births in Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Jersey and the District of Columbia. In Missouri, the analysis showed, the number of births to women in their 30s increased 17.3 percent, while births among other age groups dropped by 18.4 percent. Overall in Missouri, the total number of births dropped, to 75,060 in 2015 from 81,930 in 2007. Putting off parenthood Although hardly a baby boomlet, the higher birthrates among older women help offset a decline in births among younger women ages 15-24. And they suggest that younger women who are putting off parenthood now may embrace it as they get older, finish their education, establish careers and become more financially secure. “Fertility is being displaced later and later into the lives of women, especially educated women, and more and more women are educated,” said Herbert Smith, director of the Population Studies Center at the University of Pennsylvania. Ness Sandoval, assistant professor of sociology and anthropology at St. Louis University, says we may be seeing the end of a “domino effect” that has been coupled with improvements in assisted reproductive technology and access to birth control that has allowed women to have children later in life when they are better prepared economically and socially. “We have seen a decline when women have that first birth,” Sandovoal said. “When women are able to avoid having that first birth in their teenage years, that gives them more opportunity to go to school and get an education. … When you have an education, you postpone other demographic transitions, and the ones you postpone are marriage and childbirth.” If the trend of more women having babies in their 30s continues, it also holds out hope that the nation can partly replenish its workforce — a development that could prove even more crucial if President Donald Trump follows through on his campaign promises to limit immigration. As the baby-boom generation ages out of the workplace, the nation has depended on immigration to keep its population growing and to maintain its workforce amid declining birthrates. Without a steady supply of new immigrants, who have higher fertility rates than native-born women, the nation’s workforce will start shrinking and could drop over the next 20 years, according to a report this month from the Pew Research Center. (The Pew Charitable Trusts funds the center and Stateline). Sarah Lacy, assistant professor of anthropology at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, points out that the population of Missouri has gotten older and whiter than other parts of the country that have added more Hispanic immigrants. “If the state is getting older, you are already pushing the fertility numbers back because younger people are living elsewhere,” Lacy said. A shrinking workforce could be part of a “downward spiral” affecting state economies, according to some projections, if states are unable to get people to fill jobs and pay taxes. Overall fertility rates in the U.S. are at a historic low of 62.5 births per 1,000 women of childbearing age, 15 to 44, despite the high rates for women in their 30s. There were about 4 million births in 2014 and in 2015, still well below a 2007 peak of 4.3 million and an earlier peak in 1991, when about 4.2 million millennials — the generation born between 1981 and 1997 — were born. Fertility rates for teenagers and women in their early 20s were at historic lows in 2015. And babies born to 25- to 29-year-olds decreased every year between 2008 and 2013, although they increased by 25,000 in 2014 and by 7,000 in 2015. The spike in births to older women may help temporarily, if immigration falls off under the Trump administration, said Jennifer Dabbs Sciubba, an associate professor of international studies at Rhodes College in Memphis. But postponing childbirth will not add to the population long term because U.S. women are not having enough babies over the course of their lifetimes to do that, she said. Choosing to be childless Despite worries that less immigration would result in a smaller working-age population, some advocates of limiting immigration see that outcome as more desirable. “America’s problem is not a low working-age population,” said Steven Camarota, research director of the Center for Immigration Studies, which advocates less immigration and endorses Trump’s promised crackdown. “It’s the number of working-age people who aren’t working. “Everybody agrees that a lot of blue-collar workers have lost jobs and their wages are dropping. In that context, does it make sense to keep bringing in more immigrants?” he asked. Some population analysts see a generational change among millennials, who they say are not just putting off childbirth but choosing not to do it at all. However, the continued increase in rates for women in their 30s suggests that starting families might have been delayed by the economy rather than ruled out entirely. “As the economy picks up, it could well be that 30-something millennials will finally begin having children after their recession-related delays,” said William Frey, a demographer at the Brookings Institution. “This would continue to prop up later-age fertility rates and contribute to family related consumerism.” If millennial women who are now in their 20s have more children later in life, the number of births could keep rising until at least 2024, when the largest group of them turns 35. In the class Lacy teaches at UMSL, called “anthropology of pregnancy and birth,” she discusses how older millennials are putting off starting families because of the 2007-2009 recession and their large amount of student debt. At age 31, Lacy also knows this firsthand. When she graduated from Tulane University in 2008 to a dismal job market, she returned to school to earn her doctorate . With only three years of earning income under her belt and halfway into trying to earn tenure, she will be one to have a baby later in life. “I would want them to have a life as nice as I had growing up,” she said, “and I wouldn’t be able to provide that right now.” Michele Munz of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. Stateline.org is an initiative of The Pew Charitable Trusts Political Fix from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Be informed. Get our free political newsletter featuring local and national updates and analysis. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. +2  shutterstock.com Birthrates in Missouri Birthrates by age in Missouri Year 15-17 18-19 20-24 25-29 30-34 35-39 40-44 45-49 2007 21.4 85.2 119.8 117.4 89.0 36.4 6.4 0.4 2015 10.3 47.6 87.4 115.1 96.3 41.2 7.1 0.4 Source: CDC and Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services Birthrates in Illinois Year 15-17 18-19 20-24 25-29 30-34 35-39 40-44 45-49 2015 12.3 38.5 68.5 98.6 107.1 54.9 11.3 0.9 Source: CDC Tags Birthrate Millenials Moms Over 30 Stateline.org Michele Munz Economics Fertility Rate Sociology University Workforce Work View (…) comments Latest in section Bill to preempt St. Louis anti-discrimination ordinance advances in Missouri House AG Hawley to announce anti-human trafficking unit Missouri lawmakers move to gut prevailing wage law Kirkwood Schools asks voters a second time for tax increase McCaskill, still undecided on Gorsuch, does not rule out voting for filibuster Quick links Campaign finance Current Affairs Missouri voters guide Press releases Most popular Church pastor had sex with underage teen at St. Louis motels, police say Tug-of-war nearly derailed NGA's move to north city Man found dead in minivan tied to shooting of wife at Schnucks in Ladue, police said Editorial: As soccer fans say, nil-nil. City voters should say no to Propositions 1 and 2 2 men charged with murder in shooting at MetroLink station Data and maps Search City of St. Louis building permits See how much St. Louis CEOs are paid Does your legislator accept lobbyist gifts? Searchable database: Money in Missouri politics See the top paid officials in St. Charles County Help a Variety kid Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Some at Boeing worry new work shifts will worsen traffic Dan Catchpole Mon Mar 27th, 2017 5:11am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The Boeing Co. is streamlining its Everett factory shifts starting April 10. The change will increase efficiency, the company told employees earlier this month. However, several Boeing workers say it could cause more problems than it solves. It also will mean more congestion on nearby streets in the morning and mid-afternoon as thousands of Boeing workers come and go from work. In a message to workers announcing the change, Boeing Commercial Airplanes Vice President Kathy Moodie said that it will improve efficiency in the plant. The streamlined schedules should help “teams to better predict workflow, inventory needs, break and meeting times, and the amount of people working on the production floor,” she said. “Most importantly, it allows us to optimize our production system to consistently meet our schedule and customer commitments.” Several Boeing workers said it could have the opposite effect. Currently, there is some overlap between first and second shift crews, allowing workers to directly update each other about what work has been finished, what needs to be finished and other important information. The new schedules eliminate that overlap. Boeing did a trial run starting in late January on its 787 program in Everett. The Daily Herald reported on that change when it was announced in December. The company is expanding the streamlined shift schedules to its 747, 767 and 777 programs, the Everett Modification Center and several support organizations, including some workers in Bothell and Mukilteo. The change affects workers in Boeing Commercial Airplanes’ manufacturing division. The company is “applying lessons learned from the 787 implementation, while also ensuring there won’t be negative impacts to the rest of our Everett teammates,” Moodie said in the announcement to employees. The company is still staggering start times in the morning somewhat. There will be three start times between 5:30 a.m. and 6 a.m. Right now, start times for first shift workers are spread across an hour. There is less need to spread out shift schedules for the smaller second shift or the skeleton crew working third shift. One Boeing mechanic predicted Highway 526 is going to be a parking lot in the morning. Just getting out of the parking lot in the afternoon can take 15 minutes. First shift will now get off between 2 p.m. and 2:30 p.m., while second shift workers will clock on either at 2:48 p.m. or 3 p.m. The changes should have “minimal impact” to congestion on streets and highways around Boeing’s Everett plant, the company told the city’s public works department. Varying when people clock in and out helps spread the congestion, but it does not eliminate it, said Ryan Sass, city engineer for Everett. The biggest effect comes between 1:30 and 5:30 p.m. “It is more of a plateau than a peak” in traffic, he said. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Aerospace blog Some at Boeing worry new work shifts will worsen traffic EVERETT — The Boeing Co. is streamlining its Everett factory shifts starting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Buoy line would keep motor craft in center of Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — People are invited to share their thoughts on a… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Super Kid Maltby teen who’s been all over the world wonders what’s next EVERETT — Trevor Johnston is as well-rounded as he is high-achieving. The… Mar 27th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Tulalips honor longtime pastor at medicine wheel dedication TULALIP — The Tulalip Tribes marked the first day of spring last… Mar 27th, 2017 by Chris Winters Cedar Grove pushes bill that protects composting efforts OLYMPIA — A bill to shield composting operations from lawsuits is getting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Javascript must be enabled in your browser Steel, Aluminum, Copper, Stainless, Rare Earth, Metal Prices, Forecasting | MetalMiner Sourcing & Trading Intelligence for Global Metals Markets Log In About Us Contact Us menu Home Articles Commentary Industry News Market Analysis Metal Appreciation Conflict Minerals Research Monthly Report: Price Index Trends – March 2017 MetalMiner Metal Price Forecasting: Annual Metals Outlook Report – 2017 Historical Metal Price Reports Grain-Oriented Electrical Steel (GOES) Market Overview Free Conflict Minerals Resources SEC Conflict Minerals Compliance Program Commodity Management Strategies More Metal Sourcing Strategies 10 Reasons for MFRs to Ditch Purchase Price Variance Metal Prices Aluminum Carbon Steel Nickel Alloy Stainless Steel Titanium Forecasting Monthly Outlook Trial Annual Outlook – 2017 Monthly Outlook Custom Forecasting Benchmarking Custom Research and Forecasting MetalMiner Benchmark Events Home | Manufacturing | Embraer Shows Boeing, Airbus and Other Big Boys How it’s Done Commentary Embraer Shows Boeing, Airbus and Other Big Boys How it’s Done by Stuart Burns on March 27, 2017 Style: Commentary Category: Manufacturing, Metal Fabricated Parts, Non-ferrous Metals Following the fortunes of Boeing and Airbus, you could be forgiven for thinking that aircraft manufacturers always run late, over budget, and the resulting end product can struggle to meet initial expectations. The Embraer E2. Source: Embraer. But Brazil’s Embraer, the world’s third-largest commercial jet maker, has shown with its next generation narrow body regional aircraft, the E-2 series, that it doesn’t have to be that way. Embraer introduced the aircraft at the Paris Airshow in 2013 and it was first displayed last summer at the Farnborough Airshow just 45 days after its maiden flight. The aircraft is set to be delivered on time, on budget, and even slightly underweight. Segment Dominance Embraer has been very successful with their current E-jet series and the new E-2 program looks set to maintain the company’s 55% market share dominance of the regional jet market. The E-2 will commence deliveries in the first half of 2018 and variants will be capable of carrying between 70 and 130 passengers. An FT article notes that Embraer has a backlog of commitments from airlines for 690 E2 aircraft, including firm orders of 275. Benchmark Your Current Metal Price by Grade, Shape and Alloy: See How it Stacks Up The company has struck a wide-ranging and exclusive arrangement with Alcoa Corp. for aluminum sheet and plate for the wings, skins and fuselages of the model, with other Alcoa products being used in key applications such as wing ribs, fuselage frames and other structural parts. The long-term collaboration is said by Aluminum Today to be worth $470 million to Alcoa. “PurePower” engines will be supplied by Pratt & Whitney. The E-2 is forecast to be 24% more fuel efficient per passenger seat than the current E series and should help Embraer fight off competition from Bombardier of Canada and upstart new Asian aspirants in the fast-growing Asian market. Two-Month Trial: Metal Buying Outlook Air transport in China is said to be growing at 10% a year, although by contrast traditional markets like Europe and North America are barely managing 1% growth and Embraer has had to assure nervous investors that the sector is healthy and the company’s efficient delivery of the new E-2 project assures their continued leadership in the segment. With the exception of a massive $200m fine for bribery last year the firm is doing well and outperforming many of its national manufacturing peers. Its performance on the E-2 should be an example to its larger rivals that new aircraft development is not necessarily a recipe for disaster. {0 comments add one now} Leave a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PREVIOUS POST: Nickel Prices Break Even in Q1 Due to Complex Supply Narrative NEXT POST: Niocorp One Step Closer to Producing Scandium in Nebraska; No OPEC Output Cut Extension Without One for Iran Metal Price Outlook March Price Outlook Data Analysis March Price Trends Search for: Free Newsletter Our Free MetalMiner Newsletter Next Issue: Monday! Sign Up in fb twitter rss youtube Lead Sponsors Affiliates Article Keywords aluminum price copper price gold price iron ore price LME copper nickel price palladium price platinum price silver price stainless steel price Steel steel price Key Resources ©2017 MetalMiner  All rights reserved. | privacy policy | terms of service
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS NASA Selects High Performance Spaceflight Computing (HPSC) Processor Contract by Staff Writers Greenbelt MD (SPX) Mar 27, 2017 File image. NASA has selected Boeing Company in St. Louis for the High Performance Spaceflight Computing Processor (Chiplet) contract for the development of prototype Chiplet devices including packaged parts and bare die, a Chiplet behavioral model, Chiplet Evaluation Boards and System Software. This is a cost-plus fixed-fee contract with a total contract value of $26.6 million which includes five options to enhance the capability of the Chiplet, increasing its processing performance, providing additional interfaces and improving the robustness of the Chiplet packaging. The period of performance is from March 27, 2017 through Dec 23, 2020. Boeing will provide prototype radiation hardened multi-core computing processor Chiplets, system software which will operate on them, and evaluation boards to allow Chiplet test and characterization. The Chiplets each contain eight general purpose processing cores in a dual quad-core configuration, along with interfaces to memory and peripheral devices, and will have the flexibility to tailor performance, power consumption, and fault tolerance to meet widely varying mission needs. The system software infrastructure for the HPSC Chiplet will support both real-time operating systems and Unix/Linux based parallel processing. This infrastructure will also support hierarchical fault tolerance, ranging from single Chiplet deep space robotic missions to multi-Chiplet highly redundant human spaceflight missions. The Chiplet will provide game-changing improvements in computing performance, power efficiency, and flexibility, which will significantly improve the onboard processing capabilities of future NASA and U.S. Air Force space missions. Candidate applications that can benefit from the Chiplet range from onboard autonomy and astronaut assistance, to high bandwidth sensor data processing. The HPSC Chiplet development is funded by the Game Changing Development program within NASA's Space Technology Mission Directorate and the Science Mission Directorate in Washington. The overall HPSC project is managed by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, with the Chiplet acquisition managed by the Goddard Space Flight Center. Additionally, the Air Force Research Lab, Space Vehicles, has closely collaborated on this project to ensure that the Chiplet will be relevant to their mission requirements. Tweet Airbus ships first high-power all-electric EUTELSAT 172B satellite to Kourou for Eutelsat Toulouse, France (SPX) Mar 17, 2017 EUTELSAT 172B, the first high power all-electric telecommunications satellite, is now ready for shipment on 20 March from the Airbus satellite assembly facility in Toulouse to Kourou, French Guiana for Eutelsat, one of the world's leading satellite operators. The satellite will be launched into orbit on an Ariane 5 in April, and will provide enhanced telecommunications, in-flight broadband and b ... read more Related Links Game Changing Development program Space Technology News - Applications and Research Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google NASA's hybrid computer enables Raven's autonomous rendezvous capability Trump, NASA and a rare consensus: mission to Mars COBALT Flight Demonstrations Fuse Technologies to Gain Precision Landing Results Spacewalking French, US astronauts begin upgrade to orbiting lab N.Korea rocket test shows 'meaningful progress': South MAXUS - Europe's largest sounding rocket to be launched from Esrange Spaceport America sets new record for student launched sounding rocket Satellite launch shelved over strikes Mars Volcano, Earth's Dinosaurs Went Extinct About the Same Time Breaks observed in Curiosity rover wheel treads Does Mars Have Rings? Not Right Now, But Maybe One Day ExoMars: science checkout completed and aerobraking begins China Develops Spaceship Capable of Moon Landing Long March-7 Y2 ready for launch of China's first cargo spacecraft China Seeks Space Rockets Launched from Airplanes Riding an asteroid: China's next space goal Start-Ups at the Final Frontier Russia probes murder of senior space official in jail Globalsat Sky and Space Global sign MoU for testing and offering satellite service in Latin America OneWeb Satellites breaks ground on high-volume satellite manufacturing facility Rare-earths become water-repellent only as they age New study maps space dust in 3-D Molecular 'treasure maps' to help discover new materials Researchers use light to remotely control curvature of plastics Fledgling stars try to prevent their neighbors from birthing planets Fossil or inorganic structure? Scientists dig into early life forms Gigantic Jupiter-type planet reveals insights into how planets evolve Operation of ancient biological clock uncovered ANU leads public search for Planet X Scientists make the case to restore Pluto's planet status ESA's Jupiter mission moves off the drawing board NASA Mission Named 'Europa Clipper' Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS U.S. Air Force buys additional Boeing QF-16 targets by Ryan Maass Washington (UPI) Mar 23, 2017 Boeing received a $24.6 million contract modification to supply 18 QF-16 full-scale aerial targets to the U.S. Air Force. QF-16 full-scale aerial targets, or FSATs, are retired F-16 fighter jets used to support the Air Force's next-generation combat training programs. The unmanned platforms are being procured to replace the branch's existing QF-4 fleet as a better representation of modern aerial threats. Under the contract with the Air Force, Boeing will provide 18 of the aircraft in addition to 18 four-year warranties for the drones. The U.S. Department of Defense says the work will be performed in St. Louis, Mi., and is expected to be complete by the end of April 2027. Boeing received all funding at the time of the modification award. The project will be managed by the Air Force Life Cycle Management Center. The United States is the only primary customer for Boeing's QF-16. Tweet U.S. Air Force delivers refurbished F-16s to Indonesia Washington (UPI) Mar 22, 2017 Four refurbished F-16 Fighting Falcons were flown from the United States to Indonesia recently for delivery to the Indonesian Air Force. The delivery of the aircraft was the fifth of six from the U.S. Air Force Ogden Air Logistics Complex as part of a Foreign Military Sales deal for 24 Block-25 F-16s, Air Force officials said in a press release. The F-16 aircraft involved were or ... read more Related Links Aerospace News at SpaceMart.com Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Russia to Build First New-Generation 'Federation' Spacecraft by 2021 NASA Selects New Research Teams to Further Solar System Research Two more spacewalks for Thomas Pesquet Trump's budget would cut NASA asteroid mission, earth science Russia, China could cooperate on developing reusable rockets India gets indigenously built hypersonic wind tunnel Rocket Lab raises $75M in funding for scaling up production of electron rocket SpaceX cargo ship returns to Earth Does Mars Have Rings? Not Right Now, But Maybe One Day ExoMars: science checkout completed and aerobraking begins Mars Rover Tests Driving, Drilling and Detecting Life in Chile's High Desert Opportunity Driving South to Gully China Develops Spaceship Capable of Moon Landing Long March-7 Y2 ready for launch of China's first cargo spacecraft China Seeks Space Rockets Launched from Airplanes Riding an asteroid: China's next space goal Globalsat Sky and Space Global sign MoU for testing and offering satellite service in Latin America OneWeb Satellites breaks ground on high-volume satellite manufacturing facility A Consolidated Intelsat and OneWeb UK funding space entrepreneurs Why water splashes: New theory reveals secrets Pulverizing electronic waste is green, clean - and cold Scientists aim to create self-propelling liquid, a new kind of matter Visualizing nuclear radiation Fossil or inorganic structure? Scientists dig into early life forms Gigantic Jupiter-type planet reveals insights into how planets evolve Operation of ancient biological clock uncovered Visualizing debris disk "roller derby" to understand planetary system evolution Scientists make the case to restore Pluto's planet status ESA's Jupiter mission moves off the drawing board NASA Mission Named 'Europa Clipper' Juno Captures Jupiter Cloudscape in High Resolution Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Live Video: Watch Richard Branson’s excellent entrepreneurial adventure in Seattle How 1,200 volunteers on Slack are saving democracy, one data set at a time GeekWire Calendar Picks: Meet the VC who ditched the Bay Area for Seattle; Feature Friday gets a new name; and more BMW’s ReachNow car-sharing service launches new ‘Corporate Fleet’ at Seattle office tower Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service ‘Uber for car repair’ startup Wrench raises $4M for peer-to-peer marketplace Amazon wins bidding for Souq.com, announces deal to acquire Middle East e-commerce giant Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Paul Allen’s airplane showcase expands, rebrands as Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Former Clinton advisor on why the U.S. needs to promote entrepreneurship in developing countries Emoji update to include 69 new images: breastfeeding woman, zombie, steak and more How this legal software startup used its funding round to support legal aid under Trump budget cuts Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon keeps adding pop-up stores in malls across U.S. as it expands physical presence 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Twitter starts using IBM’s Watson technology to help identify bullies who tweet Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks Reports point to caution signals for Amazon Go checkout-free store 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Jump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports SpaceX’s Elon Musk isn’t smiling over NASA authorization for Mars missions Adobe unveils new Microsoft HoloLens and Amazon Alexa integrations Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut The secret science of your office space: How architects are using neuroscience to make workers healthier and more productive Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Starbucks teams up with Ford and Amazon to allow in-car orders via Alexa Microsoft outage: Office 365, Xbox Live, Outlook, and more suffer account sign-in issues Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Trending: Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Space & Science Spacewalkers help get station ready for space taxis during first of three outings by Alan Boyle on March 24, 2017 at 1:43 pmMarch 25, 2017 at 12:00 am Comments  2 Share  42 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Early-bird tix on sale for the GeekWire Awards! French astronaut Thomas Pesquet makes contact with the International Space Station’s robotic arm during a spacewalk. (NASA TV) Spacewalkers made progress today on preparations at the International Space Station for the arrival of the first commercial space taxis. During today’s operation, which lasted just over six and a half hours, NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and French astronaut Thomas Pesquet disconnected cables and electrical connections on a big piece of equipment known as the Pressurized Mating Adapter-3, or PMA-3. NASA said the astronauts also lubricated parts on the Dextre manipulator that’s at the end of the station’s Canadian-built robotic arm, inspected a radiator valve and replaced some external cameras. PMA-3 serves as the interface between the ports on the station’s modules and another apparatus known as the International Docking Adapter, which is built to fit the hatches of SpaceX’s Crew Dragon and Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner. Both SpaceX and Boeing are still developing and testing those space taxis, but if all goes according to plan, SpaceX says it could launch the Crew Dragon into orbit on an uncrewed demonstration flight by the end of this year. The first crewed flight to the station is expected to happen no earlier than next year. That would mark the first launch of U.S. astronauts from U.S. soil since the space shuttle fleet’s retirement in 2011. Unhooking the PMA-3’s connections is just one step in the installation procedure. Astronauts plan to use the station’s robotic arm to move the adapter from the Tranquility module to its new spot on the Harmony module on Sunday. Kimbrough and NASA’s Peggy Whitson will reconnect the cables and wires during a second spacewalk, set for March 30. They’ll also install shields and covers on the now-vacant Tranquility port. Whitson and Pesquet will take on a third spacewalk to replace an avionics box on the station’s truss. The box contains electrical equipment and the electronics for science experiments and other hardware stored outside the station. The replacement box is due to be sent to the station in an Orbital ATK Cygnus robotic cargo capsule. The Cygnus’ launch date is currently up in the air, due to a booster hydraulic issue relating to its Atlas 5 launch vehicle. If the issue can be resolved in time, the third spacewalk is targeted for April 6. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments 2 Share  42 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Previous StoryGeek of the Week: Data-driven CEO Omri Kohl aims to transform businesses at Pyramid Analytics Next StoryThe Week in Geek: How Starbucks and Amazon are becoming more alike Filed Under: Space  Tagged With: International space station • NASA • Spacewalk GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Space station crew installs a new front door for SpaceX and Boeing spaceships Spacewalkers finish swapping batteries Spacewalkers take on fix-up chores in orbit SpaceX Dragon cargo ship delivers DNA sequencer and new door to space station Previous StoryGeek of the Week: Data-driven CEO Omri Kohl aims to transform businesses at Pyramid Analytics Next StoryThe Week in Geek: How Starbucks and Amazon are becoming more alike Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Most Popular on GeekWire Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp Marketing ManagerAnswerDash Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Live Video: Watch Richard Branson’s excellent entrepreneurial adventure in Seattle How 1,200 volunteers on Slack are saving democracy, one data set at a time GeekWire Calendar Picks: Meet the VC who ditched the Bay Area for Seattle; Feature Friday gets a new name; and more BMW’s ReachNow car-sharing service launches new ‘Corporate Fleet’ at Seattle office tower Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service ‘Uber for car repair’ startup Wrench raises $4M for peer-to-peer marketplace Amazon wins bidding for Souq.com, announces deal to acquire Middle East e-commerce giant Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Paul Allen’s airplane showcase expands, rebrands as Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Former Clinton advisor on why the U.S. needs to promote entrepreneurship in developing countries Emoji update to include 69 new images: breastfeeding woman, zombie, steak and more How this legal software startup used its funding round to support legal aid under Trump budget cuts Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon keeps adding pop-up stores in malls across U.S. as it expands physical presence 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Twitter starts using IBM’s Watson technology to help identify bullies who tweet Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks Reports point to caution signals for Amazon Go checkout-free store 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Jump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports SpaceX’s Elon Musk isn’t smiling over NASA authorization for Mars missions Adobe unveils new Microsoft HoloLens and Amazon Alexa integrations Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut The secret science of your office space: How architects are using neuroscience to make workers healthier and more productive Starbucks teams up with Ford and Amazon to allow in-car orders via Alexa Microsoft outage: Office 365, Xbox Live, Outlook, and more suffer account sign-in issues Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Trending: Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Space & Science Electroimpact to pay $485,000 over claims of workplace harassment against Muslims by Alan Boyle on March 24, 2017 at 4:51 pmMarch 24, 2017 at 5:12 pm News Brief Mukilteo-based Electroimpact, one of Boeing’s best-known suppliers for aerospace tools and automation, will pay $485,000 after an investigation into allegations of anti-Muslim hiring practices and other discriminatory behavior, the Washington state attorney general’s office announced today. “The conduct outlined in our complaint is outrageous,” Attorney General Bob Ferguson said. The complaint cites a hiring process that screened out applicants who were perceived to be Muslims, anti-Muslim postings that popped up on internal email forums, and bonuses that were paid out to employees who got married or had children. Under the terms of a consent decree filed on Thursday in Snohomish County Superior Court, Electroimpact denies wrongdoing but agrees to pay restitution of $485,000, reduce company president Peter Zieve’s role in hiring, make other changes in employment practices and conduct outreach to minority job applicants. Aerospace firm Electroimpact agrees to pay $485K after AG finds ‘shocking’ discrimination… https://t.co/2olm6oEVfB via @seattletimes — WA Attorney General (@AGOWA) March 24, 2017   Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. Comments 28 Share  53 Tweet Share  5 Reddit Email Previous StoryAmazon will collect sales tax in four additional states starting April 1 Next StoryThis Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Filed Under: Science  Tagged With: attorney general • Attorney General Bob Ferguson • Boeing • Electroimpact GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Watch: Washington state AG says, ‘No one is above the law — not even the president’ Washington AG explains how Amazon, Expedia, and Microsoft influenced crucial victory over Trump Comcast battles Washington AG’s lawsuit, citing ‘profound’ flaws and $3.6B in possible damages Court filings: Expedia and Amazon make the case against Trump’s immigration order Previous StoryAmazon will collect sales tax in four additional states starting April 1 Next StoryThis Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Most Popular on GeekWire Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp Marketing ManagerAnswerDash Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
﻿ Emirates brings A380 back to Narita - TTG Asia - Leader in Hotel, Airlines, Tourism and Travel Trade News   Wednesday . March 29 . 2017 | HOME | ABOUT US | TTG TRAVEL AWARDS | MEDIA KITS | SUBSCRIBE           Daily News Archives Adam Tan Trade Calendar Blogs TTG Publications TTG ASIA this week TTG Asia ASEAN 50th Anniversary Special Supplement TTG Asia Luxury   Home > Daily News Archives Share | Emirates brings A380 back to Narita Dubai, March 28, 2017   Emirates has redeployed the Airbus A380 on its Dubai-Narita route since last Sunday to replace the smaller Boeing B777-300ER, in response to "the healthy demand for travel between Japan and Dubai".   The airline previously operated the route with the superjumbo from 2012 to 2013.     On top of seating up to 515 passengers across three classes and two decks, the aircraft also offers the industry’s only onboard shower spa, 2,500 inflight entertainment channels, Wi-Fi and an onboard lounge for first- and business-class passengers serving canapés and cocktails.   Flight EK318 departs Dubai daily at 02.40 and arrives in Narita at 17.35. On the return, EK319 departs Narita at 22.00 on Monday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday and arrives in Dubai at 04.15 the next day. On Tuesday and Wednesday, it leaves Narita at 21.20 and arrives in Dubai at 03.35 the following day.   The A380 was also deployed on Emirates’ Casablanca and Sao Paulo services on Sunday. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   Most Popular >   Most Commented > 1. Flight of reality 2. Keeping talents at home 3. Calling for a level playing field 4. Emirates rolls out laptop, tablet handling service to beat US ban 5. More touring options to take off with new Cambodia airline 6. Asian appetite for France strong despite security concerns 7. Photo of the Day: JW Marriott officially checks into Singapore 8. APAC biggest winner as Japan outbound market rises again 9. New partnership puts IHG in bed with Hotelbeds 10. Indonesians' hunger for APAC holidays stronger than ever Most Popular >   Most Commented >     Editor's pick >     Calling for a level playing field by Feizal Samath Keeping talents at home by Rosa Ocampo Flight of reality by Mimi Hudoyo The new face of IRs by TTG Asia reporters A haven with a troubled image by Rosa Ocampo   ﻿ Take our poll   Best viewed with Internet Explorer 6 or above at 1024x768 resolution. About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Terms of Use Copyright TTG Asia Media Pte Ltd © 2017 >
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out22:53 GMT +328 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing Wins $59Mln to Support Next Generation Aerial Tanker Program © Photo: Public Domain US 05:23 28.03.2017Get short URL 0 19713 Boeing has received a $59.2 million US Air Force contract to provide interim contracting support for the KC-46 long-range, next generation aerial tanker, the Department of Defense said in a press release. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) – Work on the contract will be performed worldwide in support of KC-46 and is expected to be completed by March 24, 2018, the release added. “The Boeing Company [of] Seattle, Washington, has been awarded a $59.2 million modification… for interim contracting support for the KC-46,” the release stated on Monday. The Air Force's KC-46 modernization program to replace one-third of the aging US aerial refueling fleet, remains more than a year behind schedule with the prospect of extra delays due to air-worthiness certifications issues, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) said in a report last week. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 13 Related: US Cybersecurity Firm Wins Multimillion Army Space Command IT Services Contract Future Weapons of War: Testing Continues for US Army’s ‘Luxury Super Tank’ US Army to Provide 203,000 Fuses to Saudi Arabia's Military Tags: aerial tanker, Pentagon, Boeing, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 22:53They Fly Among Us: Italian Company Designs Hovercraft Shaped Like UFO (PHOTOS) 22:48Cure or Band-Aid? Lockheed Claims It’s Fixed US Navy’s F-35C 22:46Trump to Meet With Egyptian President Sisi in White House on April 3 22:35Moldova's Education Minister May Be Fired Over Romania Unification Events 22:09The Secret Ingredient? Human Waste Found in Coca-Cola Cans in UKAll news We Mean Business: Syria Will Fire Scuds at Israel in Response to Airstrikes 22177 Full Coverage: Russia Upgrades Its Air Defense Shield to Strikingly New Level 10145 M1 Abrams vs. T-90: Top US General Admits Russia Has Achieved Tank Parity 9660 Bumbling NATO Instructors on the Brink of Getting Laughed Out of Ukraine 7728 China-Pakistan Parade: Is Beijing Sealing Role of Top Player in Asia-Pacific? 7414All news We Mean Business: Syria Will Fire Scuds at Israel in Response to Airstrikes 80 Russia ‘Hack’ of US Elections an ‘Act of War’ — Dick Cheney 50 US Demands Immediate Release of Detained Belarusian Activists It Helped Fund 36 Double Standards: Americans Seek Raqqa Liberation to Split Syria? 34 Symbolic End: Missile Cruiser 'Ukraine' Being Sold Off for Scrap Metal 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics 2017 Sony World Photography Awards: Fantastic National Awards Winners Revealed It's a Kind of Magic Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
ON NEWSSTANDS 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK CA US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition culture / News How Trump Tanked His Own Awful Health Care Plan, And 18 Other Facts You Need To Know Immediately From stripping NASA’s earth science division, to playing truck driver while the AHCA floundered, here’s everything Donald Trump did this week. By Leah Mandel Trump sits in the driver's seat of a semi-truck as he welcomes truckers and CEOs to the White House to discuss healthcare, March 23.   JIM WATSON / Getty 1. Found out he's definitely being investigated by the FBI for ties to Russia. BREAKING: FBI Director Comey confirms the FBI is investigating any possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia pic.twitter.com/tCukCbB3ol— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 20, 2017 1. Everyone should take 8 minutes and listen to Schiff's crisp summary of the evidence linking Trump and Russia https://t.co/LSSvtYQT7M— Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) March 20, 2017 Congrats to "LOCK HER UP" Crew on its upcoming pivot to "Just Because There's An Investigation Doesn't Mean There Was Any Wrongdoing" Crew— Patrick Monahan (@pattymo) March 20, 2017 2. Requested lifting the policy that limits the number of air strike casualties, after U.S. drones killed over 85 in Syria and as many as 200 in Mosul. The Telegraph reported that on Tuesday, a "suspected US air strike on a school being used as a shelter by families displaced from the Isil-held Syrian city of Raqqa killed at least 33 people on Tuesday, in the latest high civilian casualty raid by the coalition." "On Thursday [March 16], a U.S. Reaper drone struck a gathering in a rebel-held village in Aleppo province, killing as many as 49 people. Monitoring groups say most of the dead were civilians who had gathered at a mosque to pray, while the Pentagon claims the gathering was a meeting of al-Qaeda members," Democracy Now reported on Monday. It's also been reported that "the number of civilian casualties in U.S. airstrikes has been escalating since Donald Trump took office two months ago." And in Mosul: "The American-led military coalition in Iraq said Friday that it was investigating reports that scores of civilians — perhaps as many as 200, according to local residents — had been killed in recent American airstrikes in Mosul, the northern Iraqi city where Iraq’s security forces have been waging a monthslong offensive," reported The New York Times. 3. Told the GOP they'd lose their seats in 2018 if the AHCA doesn't pass. (Spoiler: it didn't.) “Honestly, a loss is not acceptable, folks.” @russellberman reports on Trump’s closed-door effort to save the AHCA: https://t.co/X7u24lcABY pic.twitter.com/1jKXV0PEER— Yoni Appelbaum (@YAppelbaum) March 21, 2017 4. Claimed his campaign chairman Paul Manafort, who has proven ties to Russia, played a minor role in the 2016 campaign. Take a look at how the White House is now trying to minimize the role that former campaign chairman Paul Manafort played in the campaign pic.twitter.com/shyf9JBefH— Jonathan Karl (@jonkarl) March 21, 2017 5. Approved security clearances for his daughter Ivanka. This—this is a tweet that definitely did not age well. pic.twitter.com/W4wWz1T8Qf— Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 21, 2017 6. Came for Colin Kapernick. Colin Kaepernick gave a million dollars to feed starving children last year. Trump wants to cut Meals on Wheels and Medicaid. https://t.co/TjMSyudOqs— Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) March 21, 2017 “There was an article today…that NFL owners don’t want to pick [Kaepernick] up because they don’t want to get a nasty tweet from Donald Trump,” Trump said at a rally in Louisville, Kentucky on Monday. “Do you believe that? I said, ‘If I remember that one, I’m gonna report it to the people of Kentucky because they like it when people actually stand for the American flag.’” 7. Stripped earth science funding from the NASA budget. Planetary scientists decry Trump's proposed Earth-science cuts https://t.co/fzApENx65R pic.twitter.com/C7yyVoTrmp— Scientific American (@sciam) March 24, 2017 To focus on Mars exploration. SMH. 8. Issued a gag order to officials on details of the budget. The #TrumpCuts budget is so indefensible that the President won’t even let his cabinet officials testify to Congress https://t.co/U2x1o8DxcE— Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) March 21, 2017 9. Has been filling top Pentagon and Homeland Security positions with defense contractors. "Benjamin Cassidy, installed by Trump as assistant secretary for legislative affairs, previously worked as a senior executive at Boeing’s international business sector, marketing Boeing military products abroad," The Intercept reported. "Jonathan Rath Hoffman, named assistant secretary for public affairs, previously worked as a consultant to the Chertoff Group, the sprawling homeland security consulting firm founded by former Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff." 10. Met with the Congressional Black Caucus, who gave him a document titled "We Have A Lot To Lose." Black Caucus Answers #Trump's 'What Do You Have to Lose' Question https://t.co/bntHGabYvp via @NBCNews— AM Joy w/Joy Reid (@amjoyshow) March 23, 2017 11. Said he felt "vindicated" by being briefed by Devin Nunes, who is leading the Russia investigation. Ex-House Intel counsel: Nunes briefing Trump is a “breakdown in the entire oversight process,” other committee members likely “horrified” pic.twitter.com/aRn8dB3Ia6— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 22, 2017 Nunes also went straight to the White House to brief Trump before briefing his colleagues. Nunes wouldn't deny Trump White House fed intel that he used to give cover to the Trump White House before briefing the Trump White House https://t.co/S8axF8T5G4— Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) March 23, 2017 **The people who are supposed to be investigating the Trump campaign are actively working w/Sean Spicer to undermine the investigation** pic.twitter.com/JqsM6X93qt— Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) February 27, 2017 12. Told a TIME reporter "I'm president and you're not." Takeaway from Time interview: Trump thinks he's always proven right, even when he's initially wrong https://t.co/6CK1gkrgqX— Glenn Kessler (@GlennKesslerWP) March 23, 2017 Paging @brianstelter to take a look at this exchange from the Trump / Time Mag interview (full story here: https://t.co/hYDMHwyefY) pic.twitter.com/3k4v5O3n7q— Sarah L. Jorgensen (@SarahLJorgensen) March 23, 2017 13. Pretended to be a truck driver. While adults are talking healthcare today in Washington. Trump plays in a Semi-Truck like a toddler. #impeach #Impeach45 pic.twitter.com/woeIBcZkjG— Brianna Westbrook (@BWestbrookAZ8) March 24, 2017 PICTURED: Donald Trump demanding his truck transform into a cool robot pic.twitter.com/viWZI1Fs14— Bucky Isotope (@BuckyIsotope) March 24, 2017 14. Backed off his divestment pledge, and will now receive quarterly reports on the profitability of his business from son Eric Trump. Occasionally I wonder how sharp Eric Trump is https://t.co/3AuttEsg6i pic.twitter.com/KM0oBvEeF6— David A. Graham (@GrahamDavidA) March 24, 2017 15. Gave the go-ahead for the Keystone XL Pipeline President Trump approves Keystone XL, which benefits Canadian companies selling to over seas customers. Way to make "America first".— MATTY ICE (@FailGOP) March 24, 2017 16. Claimed he's "done everything he can" to make the AHCA work. (Spoiler: it, uh, didn't work) Spicer says Trump has "done everything he can." So what does that mean about Trump's self vaulted closing skills if this fails?— Katy Tur (@KatyTurNBC) March 24, 2017 It's all happening https://t.co/kW1JYRJCFP pic.twitter.com/1UhqyVGzIC— Clara Jeffery (@ClaraJeffery) March 24, 2017 17. Killed his own health care plan entirely when it was clear that it couldn't get enough votes in the House. "we pulled it" pic.twitter.com/B7QC4Pd41E— BRANDON WARDELL (@BRANDONWARDELL) March 24, 2017 Oh the irony that Donald Trump and Paul Ryan have no Plan B— Margarita Noriega (@margarita) March 24, 2017 18. Called reporter Robert Costa on his personal cell phone to tell him he's backing off healthcare for now. "Hello, Bob," Trump began. "So, we just pulled it." https://t.co/Mve7xEgTo1— Robert Costa (@costareports) March 24, 2017 19. Blamed the failure of the AHCA on the Democrats in his statement from the Oval Office. pic.twitter.com/pIcKXM78en— small antique horse (@egg_dog) March 24, 2017 Even though the Republicans have a multi-year majority in the house and didn't even need Dems to pass this thing. During a press conference, Paul Ryan said the nation will be “living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future.” https://t.co/jy8PVLWrAJ pic.twitter.com/LtJkVpQfSr— The FADER (@thefader) March 24, 2017 There is a Medicare for All bill in the House right now. John Conyers sponsoring. Has quite a few co-sponsors. https://t.co/DwwfW9DZnP pic.twitter.com/tNcEIe7qU2— Jack Runyan (@JackDRunyan) March 23, 2017 Whew. Got all that? Maxine Waters says: Get ready for impeachment.— Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) March 21, 2017 March 24, 2017 Politics Read full story YOUR EMAIL COULD GET USED TO THIS *FUTURE VOICE* Trending music / News Chance The Rapper Is Looking For An Intern music / News Danny Brown Said He’s The Rapper Who Got Dave Chappelle Stoned In Detroit music / News Wiz Khalifa Visited The Grave Of Pablo Escobar, And The Mayor Of Medellín Is Not Happy culture / News On The Skit That “Killed” Chappelle’s Show music / News Lil Wayne Announces Young Money Radio culture / News How Trump Tanked His Own Awful Health Care Plan, And 18 Other Facts You Need To Know Immediately Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Subscribe YOUR EMAIL COULD GET USED TO THIS *FUTURE VOICE* ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
Toggle navigation Menu Home  News Local National World Politics Entertainment Sports Business Health News Tip Hotline KBNW News Team Police Scanner Weather Bend Redmond Prineville Madras Sisters Sunriver La Pine Powell Butte Culver Terrebonne Warm Springs Traffic Central Oregon Mountain Passes Road Reports Trip Check Eye on Bend Gas Prices Closures and Delays Stations KQAK-FM The Peak 104.1 95.7 FM KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM Events Upcoming Submit An Event About MCO Contact Advertise Careers Media Kit KBNW News Team Radio Stations HBG Contest Rules Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner's power expanding with latest White House assignment Samuel Corum/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — One of President Trump’s top advisers is getting an even more public role in the coming days. Jared Kushner, the president’s senior adviser and son-in-law, has been a key player in the presidential campaign and inside the White House, but an announcement expected Monday will be the latest visible display of his growing power within in the administration. Kushner, 36, will be named as head of the new White House Office of American Innovation, ABC News has learned. Few details have been released about the office, but it is believed to be tasked with taking ideas from the business world and using those theories to innovate in government. He is not drawing a salary. Kushner’s wife, President Trump’s eldest daughter Ivanka, may be one of the more public faces of the administration. She regularly accompanies her father to public events, like his recent visits to the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, D.C., and the Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. She also often posts pictures on her social media accounts of various business roundtable discussions she attends. Her husband arguably keeps a lower profile, even though he is, technically, more senior in the administration, given his formal title as a government employee, which she is not, at least at the moment. Ivanka Trump, who is also not being paid, received a promotion of sorts last week when she was given security clearance, a government-issued communications device and an office in the West Wing. Her office is on the second floor of the West Wing, while Kushner’s is steps from the Oval Office. Kushner’s influence appears to occur slightly more behind the scenes, which has been the case since the campaign. Kushner, who, with his wife, practices Orthodox Judaism, helped write Trump’s first formal address of the campaign to the pro-Israel American Israel Public Affairs Committee in March, campaign sources confirm. During remarks before the speech, Trump said Kushner, “spoke to many of his friends from Israel.” One of the few public statements that Kushner made during the campaign came when he defended his father-in-law in July against allegations of anti-Semitism, after Trump shared an image on Twitter of Hillary Clinton with a pile of money and a star, which many interpreted as the Star of David, a symbol of Judaism. Kushner wrote a 1,326-word op-ed in The New York Observer, the newspaper from which he has now divested, in which he described Trump as being “an incredibly loving and tolerant person who has embraced my family and our Judaism since I began dating my wife.” In another example of Kushner’s influence, he was one of a handful of advisers who accompanied Trump on a controversial trip in August to Mexico, and sources inside the campaign told ABC News that he had been working to plan the trip for several weeks. “Jared executed this thing beautifully from start to finish,” a senior level adviser with direct knowledge told ABC News. Since Trump took office in January, his reliance on Kushner has become well-known. And prior to Monday’s expected announcement, which appears to focus on domestic economic growth, the president’s has turned to Kushner and his role on the international stage. At an event for donors and Republican supporters the night before the inauguration, Trump addressed Kushner in his remarks and said, “If you can’t produce peace in the Middle East, nobody can.” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also highlighting his longstanding ties to Kushner in a show of support for Trump when he visited the White House in February. “Can I reveal, Jared, how long we’ve known you?” Netanyahu said while addressing Kushner, who was seated in the front row of the crowd. “Well, he was never small. He was always big. He was always tall,” Netanyahu said, alluding to Kushner’s height, even as a young child. “But I’ve known the president and I’ve known his family and his team for a long time, and there is no greater supporter of the Jewish people and the Jewish state than President Donald Trump,” he concluded. Indeed, the close ties between Trump and Kushner are no secret. The first-son-in-law is constantly spotted in the Oval Office and joins Trump on his frequent weekend trips to the president’s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. While they didn’t go to Florida this weekend, the family ties were still on display: Kushner and Ivanka Trump were spotted having dinner with the president at the Trump Hotel in D.C., just down the road from the White House. Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved. Search: Central Oregon Weather Central Oregon Traffic Facebook Twitter EYE ON BEND Recent Posts Massive dinosaur tracks identified in 'Australia’s Jurassic Park' Posted March 28, 2017 | World News|No Comments | | iStock/Thinkstock(BRISBANE, Australia) — A group of scientists is claiming to have found the largest-ever dinosaur footprint in a region nicknamed “Australia’s Jurassic Park.” The team of paleontologists, hailing from the University of Queensland in Brisbane, Australia, report Continue Reading » News Local/Central Oregon News Tip Hotline Police Scanner National/World National News World News Politics Entertainment Business Sports Health Radio Stations 105.7 KQAK THE PEAK 104.1 95.7 FM News Radio KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM On Demand Podcasts Listen Live Air Personalities Dave Clemens Lauren Green Kit Mann Lisa Carton Connect Contact Advertise Facebook Twitter Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Report ©2017 MyCentralOregon.com | Powered by WPB™. Served by InterTech Media LLC
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 15 Companies Making the Most From the Government By Evan Comen and Thomas C. Frohlich March 27, 2017 12:15 pm EDT Print Email Tweet U.S. government federal contract spending totaled $436.9 billion in 2015, with an estimated 64% of the spending going to national defense contracts. The U.S. defense budget is by far the largest in the world, and the government relies heavily on the private sector to meet its needs. Likewise, many contractors rely on the government for a substantial share of their revenue. To determine the companies profiting the most from the U.S. government, 24/7 Wall St. analyzed contract data from the Federal Procurement Data System. Companies were ranked on total payments received from U.S. government contract obligations in the 2015 government fiscal year. Former President Barack Obama signed the Budget Control Act into law in 2011, effectively reducing the defense budget by roughly $1 trillion over the 10-year period through 2021. Since 2011, annual defense spending has declined by 12.5%, likely also as a result of the reduced involvement in the Middle East. The budget cuts reduced the resources available for military contracts. Between the 2014 and 2015 fiscal years, annual contract spending fell by roughly $7.4 billion. Click here to see the 15 companies getting the most money from the U.S. government. Each of the five contractors receiving the most money from the federal government in fiscal 2015 — Lockheed Martin, Boeing, General Dynamics, Raytheon, and Northrop Grumman — were also in the top five each year since fiscal 2009. Also known as the big five, these companies have a longstanding relationship with the federal government and are unlikely to lose their status as top contractors in the near future. In an interview with 24/7 Wall St., Rob Levinson, senior defense analyst at Bloomberg Government, explained, “These companies have been doing business with the federal government for so long, they know very well how to navigate that whole process, which winds up being a comparative advantage.” The top five contractors received more than 20% of annual U.S. government contract payments in 2015. The U.S. military requires extremely expensive equipment, including nuclear submarines, aircraft carriers, and fighter jets. “There just aren’t that many companies that can do that,” and partially as a result, “[large contractors] have pretty consolidated positions,” Levinson said. Huntington Ingalls Industries, for example, is the only company capable of building the Navy’s nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, and one of two that builds the current fleet of DDG-51 Arleigh Burke-class destroyers. Major federal contractors are certainly not immune to shifting market and industry environments. For instance, in the wake of recent budget cuts, the government has lowered its quality standards for many IT products, favoring the least expensive bid proposals over more expensive, higher quality options. From the perspective of the U.S. government, these businesses have more flexible quality standards and are more easily replaced by smaller companies, in stark contrast to weapons and infrastructure operations. As a consequence, many contractors are shifting focus from their lower margin business segments. SAIC, for example, recently spun off its IT services segment into a separate company called Leidos. Lockheed Martin also spun off its IT business into a separate entity and merged it with the newly-formed Leidos. The federal contracting industry is complex, and current trends are not necessarily bound to continue. Throughout his campaign, President Donald Trump promised to boost the defense budget and build up the military. Taking into consideration Trump’s outspoken disapproval of current U.S. trade policy as well, the new administration may invoke substantial change in the contracting industry. To identify the companies gaining the most from the federal government, 24/7 Wall St. analyzed data compiled by the General Services Administration and accessed through the Federal Procurement Data System. Companies were ranked on total payments received from U.S. government contract obligations in the 2015 government fiscal year. Data on individual contracts also came from the Federal Procurement System. These are the 15 companies profiting the most from the federal government. Pages: 1/2/3/4/5/6 « Oil Companies Will Bear Brunt of Border Adjustment Tax How Home Depot and Lowe’s Are Winning in the Omni-Channel While Others Are Losing » Read more: Special Report, featured Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The World's 31 Mega-Cities The Best and Worst States to Grow Old The Safest States in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent The Path for Apple Shares to Rocket to $200 Ahead How Facebook Is Getting Even More Political Morgan Stanley Cuts Price Targets on Natural Gas-Related Firms Why Catalyst Bio Nearly Tripled Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Could Real-World Studies Boost These 3 Big Pharma Stocks' Prospects? Snap Stock Falls as Facebook, Inc. Launches More Copycat Snapchat Features The 3 Best Media Stocks to Buy in 2017 Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl McCormick (MKC) Q1 Earnings Beats, Revenues Miss Estimates Carnival (CCL) Beats on Q1 Earnings, Lifts FY17 Guidance Why Investors are Bailing Out of US Stock ETFs Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Tesla deal boosts Chinese presence in U.S. auto tech GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Oil Prices End At Highest Level In About a Week Chesapeake Energy's Stock Rallies On Heavy Volume After Bullish Note From Wunderlich Analyst Why Are Shale Drillers Spending $25 Billion at the Mere Hint of an Oil-Price Increase? GOP Congressman Turns Science Committee Into Platform For His Own Anti-Science Views Fake Target Employee Stole $40,000 In Merchandise, Police Say Coal Executive Admits Donald Trump Can't Single-Handedly Save The Industry Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
March 21, 2017Past issuesFeeds The Newsstand Contact Facebook Twitter Jobs Home New York National Caribbean Sports Entertainment Features Calendar March 21, 2017 / Caribbean St. Vincent to welcome Dynamic Int. Airways By Tangerine Clarke Share on TwitterTweet Share on Facebook Subscribe Get our stories in your inbox, free. Like Caribbean Life on Facebook. Similar stories New York: Ex-baby sitter receives independence honor New York: St. Vincent Opposition Leader holds town hall meeting in Brooklyn Caribbean: SVG nursing, renal failure groups stage inaugural major health fair New York: SVG PM honors Brooklyn Day Care executive with ‘Certificate of Appreciation’ New York: Dynamic Airways returns with seasonal flights to Guyana New York: Feds probe near collision involving Caribbean Airways Permalink Email to a friend Your name Your email address Recipients’ email addresses (Up to ten, separated by commas.) With the brand new 9000 ft. Argyle International Airport now in place, Consul General of St, Vincent and Grenadines to New York, H.E. Howie M. Prince, said his country would welcome the arrival of Greensboro North Carolina Dynamic International Airways planned service from JFK to the Eastern Caribbean island in the near future. During an invited comment at an appreciation cocktail reception hosted by the partnership of Dynamic International Airways and Guyana’s Roraima Airways on March 9 at South Richmond Hill Zen Lounge, the diplomat said the ushering-in of the new alliance with the people of Guyana and Dynamic Int. Airways would foster the country’s development. CG Prince recalled when the St. Vincent Ministry of Education needed mathematics teachers, the country turned to Guyana to educate students in primary schools, and stated that the two countries have had a long-standing relationship, and as such, thanked Captain Gerry Gouveir of Roraima Airways, Guyana, and Dynamic International Airways for the splendid job did of flying a 767 Boeing aircraft on Feb. 14, during the inauguration ceremony at Argyle International Airport. He said, Argyle, a once small airport, hampered by heavy rainfall, and high wind, and formally accommodated only small planes and a few private jets, with flights to Trinidad, Barbados and Grenada, can now receive 767 aircraft. Demonstrating with a miniature model Dynamic airplane in hand, Prince, who said he was in New York during the inauguration, but saw it all on video, moved the miniature plane into the air then in downward motion to show how the plane landed at Argyle International Airport, to cheers of some 50,000 Vincentians who had camped out from the night before to witness history. “Our tourism office in New York has already received interests from travel agents and people from around the world, unrepresented, since the inauguration of Argyle International Airport.” He called on entrepreneurs to invest in St. Vincent, since the island represents a new frontier for business. “We do not have any hotels with more than 200 rooms. If you are a hotel developer, there is prime space and opportunity for development.” “Agro processing is waiting for development via a new bridge and gateway now that the new Argyle International Airport is open, and when airlines like Dynamic Int. Airways commences service. “I want to thank Dynamic Airways and all those persons who have been a part of making sure that dream that we had, become a real reality, said CG Prince, who looks forward to a rich relationship between the Dynamic International Airways and St. Vincent and the Grenadines. “We thank you from the bottom of our hearts,” he added. ©2017 Community News Group Today’s news: Movies: Independent & Foreign Films Brooklyn: Senior Resource Fair for Fort Greene residents People: Bichotte endorses Mayor de Blasio for re-election Share on TwitterTweet Share on Facebook Subscribe Get our stories in your inbox, free. Like Caribbean Life on Facebook. Reader feedback Enter your comment below Name: Neighborhood: By submitting this comment, you agree to the following terms: You agree that you, and not CaribbeanLifeNews.com or its affiliates, are fully responsible for the content that you post. You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening or sexually-oriented material or any material that may violate applicable law; doing so may lead to the removal of your post and to your being permanently banned from posting to the site. You grant to CaribbeanLifeNews.com the royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual and fully sublicensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such content in whole or in part world-wide and to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed. Links Sister sites Bar & Bat Mitzvah Guide Bronx Times Brooklyn Daily The Brooklyn Paper CNG Business Directory New York Post NY Parenting Learn to Earn! Prom Experience TimesLedger Wall Street Journal Wedding Pride
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Current Affairs » News » National Karnataka's move to raise retirement age to 60 at private firms draws flak Business Standard Navy to retire Russian Tu-142 fleet, American aircraft take on role The aircraft has been one of the world's most iconic and recognisable submarine hunters Ajai Shukla  |  New Delhi  March 28, 2017 Last Updated at 02:02 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUIV7X The Tu-142, like the MiG-25RB Foxbat reconnaissance aircraft, was a cutting-edge Soviet military platform that Moscow shared only with close allies it regarded with special favour ALSO READ Navy's P-8I maritime aircraft losing technology race due to poor contracting Navy's P-8I maritime aircraft losing technology race due to poor contracting Foreign registered aircraft may soon fly in India: Report 20 aircraft by June 2018 before overseas flight: Vistara CEO Aircraft carrier version of Tejas still alive, despite navy opposition For almost three decades, the Indian Navy’s giant, four-engine Tupolev-142MK-E, has been the most feared aerial predator in the Indian Ocean, the stuff of nightmares for Pakistani submarine crews. On Wednesday, the 29-year era of the Tu-142 will draw to a close, when the 312nd Indian Navy Aviation Squadron (INAS - 312) at INS Rajali, Arrakonam in Tamil Nadu, retires these “long range maritime reconnaissance” (LRMR) aircraft.  In its place, the job of searching out and destroying enemy submarines in the waters off India’s coast will fall to the navy’s new fleet of a dozen Boeing P-8I aircraft. In an indicator of shifting geopolitics, India paid $2.1 billion for eight P-8I anti-submarine warfare (ASW) aircraft, following that up with another billion-dollar contract for four more. After the eight Tu-142 and five Ilyushin-38 aircraft are all retired, LRMR — which was the exclusive preserve of Soviet/Russian aircraft — will be carried out entirely by American aircraft. Since the Tu-142 first joined the Indian Navy in 1988, the aircraft has been one of the world’s most iconic and recognisable submarine hunters.  The size of half a football field, the Tu-142 has four contra-rotating propeller engines (two propellers rotating in one direction, the other two in another) that allow it to fly 13,000 km without refuelling. It is the world’s largest and fastest turboprop aircraft, says the navy. On ASW patrols close to the mainland, the Tu-142 can loiter (continuously monitor an area) for up to 10½ hours. Eleven crewmembers locate enemy submarines with sonobuoys and magnetic anomaly detectors (which pick up a submarine’s magnetic signature), which can then be destroyed with anti-submarine mines and torpedoes.  This capability has been maintained to the last, with one Tu-142 clocking 53 flying hours at Tropex 2017, the Indian Navy’s annual operational exercise, according to a naval spokesperson.  “The Tu-142 has lived its total technical life and it is no longer economically viable to keep in service.  Russia continues to operate its Tu-142 fleet, but the cold conditions they function in are much easier on the aircraft”, says the Flag Officer Naval Aviation, Rear Admiral Puneet Bahl.  The Tu-142M was the Soviet Union’s answer during the Cold War to America’s Polaris, the world’s first submarine launched ballistic missile (SLBM) with a range of 1,800 km. After the Polaris became operational in 1960 on the submarine, USS George Washington, the Tupolev Design Bureau took a full decade to perfect the Tu-142M to keep track of US Navy missile submarines. Designated the “Bear” by the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, for which the aircraft remained an enigma, more than a hundred Tu-142 variants were built for the Soviet, Russian, Ukrainian and Indian navies.  The Tu-142, like the MiG-25RB Foxbat reconnaissance aircraft, was a cutting-edge Soviet military platform that Moscow shared only with close allies that it regarded with special favour. Like the Tu-142, the Boeing P-8 is operated by a handful of partners. Only the Indian and Australian navies fly the aircraft, while the US Navy will eventually operate a giant fleet of 117 aircraft.  Based on a Boeing 737-8/9 airframe, the P-8I has the world’s most modern radar sensors and a weapons package that includes the formidable Harpoon Block II anti-ship missile, Mark 54 torpedoes, and the Mark 52 depth charge. In addition, the P-8I is data-linked with Indian submarines, to which it can pass on the location of any enemy submarine it detects. The Indian submarines can then zero in on the intruder and fire torpedoes to destroy it. Based on a commercial airliner’s airframe, the Boeing P-8I costs much less to operate, maintain and overhaul.  Read More On Navy | Aircraft | Russian Tu-142 Fleet | American Aircraft | Current Affairs | National PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Register for LSE India Summit 2017 on 29-30 March Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Navy to retire Russian Tu-142 fleet, American aircraft take on role The aircraft has been one of the world's most iconic and recognisable submarine hunters The aircraft has been one of the world's most iconic and recognisable submarine hunters For almost three decades, the Indian Navy’s giant, four-engine Tupolev-142MK-E, has been the most feared aerial predator in the Indian Ocean, the stuff of nightmares for Pakistani submarine crews. On Wednesday, the 29-year era of the Tu-142 will draw to a close, when the 312nd Indian Navy Aviation Squadron (INAS - 312) at INS Rajali, Arrakonam in Tamil Nadu, retires these “long range maritime reconnaissance” (LRMR) aircraft.  In its place, the job of searching out and destroying enemy submarines in the waters off India’s coast will fall to the navy’s new fleet of a dozen Boeing P-8I aircraft. In an indicator of shifting geopolitics, India paid $2.1 billion for eight P-8I anti-submarine warfare (ASW) aircraft, following that up with another billion-dollar contract for four more. After the eight Tu-142 and five Ilyushin-38 aircraft are all retired, LRMR — which was the exclusive preserve of Soviet/Russian aircraft — will be carried out entirely by American aircraft. Since the Tu-142 first joined the Indian Navy in 1988, the aircraft has been one of the world’s most iconic and recognisable submarine hunters.  The size of half a football field, the Tu-142 has four contra-rotating propeller engines (two propellers rotating in one direction, the other two in another) that allow it to fly 13,000 km without refuelling. It is the world’s largest and fastest turboprop aircraft, says the navy. On ASW patrols close to the mainland, the Tu-142 can loiter (continuously monitor an area) for up to 10½ hours. Eleven crewmembers locate enemy submarines with sonobuoys and magnetic anomaly detectors (which pick up a submarine’s magnetic signature), which can then be destroyed with anti-submarine mines and torpedoes.  This capability has been maintained to the last, with one Tu-142 clocking 53 flying hours at Tropex 2017, the Indian Navy’s annual operational exercise, according to a naval spokesperson.  “The Tu-142 has lived its total technical life and it is no longer economically viable to keep in service.  Russia continues to operate its Tu-142 fleet, but the cold conditions they function in are much easier on the aircraft”, says the Flag Officer Naval Aviation, Rear Admiral Puneet Bahl.  The Tu-142M was the Soviet Union’s answer during the Cold War to America’s Polaris, the world’s first submarine launched ballistic missile (SLBM) with a range of 1,800 km. After the Polaris became operational in 1960 on the submarine, USS George Washington, the Tupolev Design Bureau took a full decade to perfect the Tu-142M to keep track of US Navy missile submarines. Designated the “Bear” by the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, for which the aircraft remained an enigma, more than a hundred Tu-142 variants were built for the Soviet, Russian, Ukrainian and Indian navies.  The Tu-142, like the MiG-25RB Foxbat reconnaissance aircraft, was a cutting-edge Soviet military platform that Moscow shared only with close allies that it regarded with special favour. Like the Tu-142, the Boeing P-8 is operated by a handful of partners. Only the Indian and Australian navies fly the aircraft, while the US Navy will eventually operate a giant fleet of 117 aircraft.  Based on a Boeing 737-8/9 airframe, the P-8I has the world’s most modern radar sensors and a weapons package that includes the formidable Harpoon Block II anti-ship missile, Mark 54 torpedoes, and the Mark 52 depth charge. In addition, the P-8I is data-linked with Indian submarines, to which it can pass on the location of any enemy submarine it detects. The Indian submarines can then zero in on the intruder and fire torpedoes to destroy it. Based on a commercial airliner’s airframe, the Boeing P-8I costs much less to operate, maintain and overhaul.  Ajai Shukla Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Navy to retire Russian Tu-142 fleet, American aircraft take on role The aircraft has been one of the world's most iconic and recognisable submarine hunters For almost three decades, the Indian Navy’s giant, four-engine Tupolev-142MK-E, has been the most feared aerial predator in the Indian Ocean, the stuff of nightmares for Pakistani submarine crews. On Wednesday, the 29-year era of the Tu-142 will draw to a close, when the 312nd Indian Navy Aviation Squadron (INAS - 312) at INS Rajali, Arrakonam in Tamil Nadu, retires these “long range maritime reconnaissance” (LRMR) aircraft.  In its place, the job of searching out and destroying enemy submarines in the waters off India’s coast will fall to the navy’s new fleet of a dozen Boeing P-8I aircraft. In an indicator of shifting geopolitics, India paid $2.1 billion for eight P-8I anti-submarine warfare (ASW) aircraft, following that up with another billion-dollar contract for four more. After the eight Tu-142 and five Ilyushin-38 aircraft are all retired, LRMR — which was the exclusive preserve of Soviet/Russian aircraft — will be carried out entirely by American aircraft. Since the Tu-142 first joined the Indian Navy in 1988, the aircraft has been one of the world’s most iconic and recognisable submarine hunters.  The size of half a football field, the Tu-142 has four contra-rotating propeller engines (two propellers rotating in one direction, the other two in another) that allow it to fly 13,000 km without refuelling. It is the world’s largest and fastest turboprop aircraft, says the navy. On ASW patrols close to the mainland, the Tu-142 can loiter (continuously monitor an area) for up to 10½ hours. Eleven crewmembers locate enemy submarines with sonobuoys and magnetic anomaly detectors (which pick up a submarine’s magnetic signature), which can then be destroyed with anti-submarine mines and torpedoes.  This capability has been maintained to the last, with one Tu-142 clocking 53 flying hours at Tropex 2017, the Indian Navy’s annual operational exercise, according to a naval spokesperson.  “The Tu-142 has lived its total technical life and it is no longer economically viable to keep in service.  Russia continues to operate its Tu-142 fleet, but the cold conditions they function in are much easier on the aircraft”, says the Flag Officer Naval Aviation, Rear Admiral Puneet Bahl.  The Tu-142M was the Soviet Union’s answer during the Cold War to America’s Polaris, the world’s first submarine launched ballistic missile (SLBM) with a range of 1,800 km. After the Polaris became operational in 1960 on the submarine, USS George Washington, the Tupolev Design Bureau took a full decade to perfect the Tu-142M to keep track of US Navy missile submarines. Designated the “Bear” by the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, for which the aircraft remained an enigma, more than a hundred Tu-142 variants were built for the Soviet, Russian, Ukrainian and Indian navies.  The Tu-142, like the MiG-25RB Foxbat reconnaissance aircraft, was a cutting-edge Soviet military platform that Moscow shared only with close allies that it regarded with special favour. Like the Tu-142, the Boeing P-8 is operated by a handful of partners. Only the Indian and Australian navies fly the aircraft, while the US Navy will eventually operate a giant fleet of 117 aircraft.  Based on a Boeing 737-8/9 airframe, the P-8I has the world’s most modern radar sensors and a weapons package that includes the formidable Harpoon Block II anti-ship missile, Mark 54 torpedoes, and the Mark 52 depth charge. In addition, the P-8I is data-linked with Indian submarines, to which it can pass on the location of any enemy submarine it detects. The Indian submarines can then zero in on the intruder and fire torpedoes to destroy it. Based on a commercial airliner’s airframe, the Boeing P-8I costs much less to operate, maintain and overhaul.  Ajai Shukla Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Leasing > BOC Aviation posts $418 million net profit for 2016 BOC Aviation posts $418 million net profit for 2016 Mar 27, 2017 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Photo Gallery: An exclusive look on board Asiana's Airbus A380 Advertisement Singapore-based lessor BOC Aviation posted a 2016 net profit of $418 million, up 21.9% from the company’s $343 million in net profit for 2015. BOC’s revenues for the year totaled $1.2 billion, up 9.3% over $1.1 billion in revenue for 2015. Operating costs increased 4.2% in 2016 to $719 million, compared to $690 million in 2015, partly because of $3 million in expenses relating to BOC’s initial public offering (IPO) in June 2016, according to BOC CFO Phang Thim Fatt. The company recorded $474 million in operating income for the year, up 18.2% from 2015. BOC raised approximately $550 million in its IPO on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange June 1, 2016, reportedly the largest aircraft operating leasing company IPO ever.  BOC MD and CEO Robert Martin said, “2016 was an outstanding year for BOC Aviation … we generated a return on equity of 14.4% … in conjunction with our IPO.” In 2016, BOC signed 79 lease agreements and at year-end had 71 deliveries scheduled for 2017. The company took delivery of 50 new aircraft during the year. Airbus delivered 21 A320ceos and 17 A321ceos and Boeing delivered 12 737-800s. “In 2016, we delivered 67 new aircraft from our order book to our airline customers, including 11 where the customer exercised purchase options at delivery, giving us 56 new aircraft added to our owned aircraft portfolio. This [is] compared with 40 new aircraft added to the owned portfolio in 2015,” BOC COO David Walton said. Airbus delivered 21 A320ceos and 17 A321ceos to BOC during the year, while and Boeing delivered 12 737-800s. The company sold 37 owned and one managed aircraft during the year. BOC’s portfolio as of Dec. 31 comprised 284 owned and 38 managed aircraft, with an average age of 3.2 years and an average remaining lease term of 7.3 years for the owned aircraft. The company reported a portfolio utilization of 99.9% and cash collection from airlines of 99.8%. “The company has an order book of 199 aircraft scheduled to be delivered over the next five years,” Walton said. “Our committed capital expenditure for 2017 is $2.8 billion. 2017 will be the most active in terms of order book deliveries in the company’s history and we see a number of good opportunities to increase our pipeline beyond what has already been announced.” “We continue to see good demand for leasing the popular Airbus and Boeing single-aisle models, which make up over 95% of our future orders,” Martin said, noting the company has placed new orders for an additional 12 A320 family aircraft and 17 737 family aircraft since the IPO in June. “We continue to see demand here in Asia-Pacific, reflecting the more rapid rates of air traffic growth that this region is experiencing relative to more mature, slower growth economies.” “On the widebody side, we executed purchase and leaseback transactions with Air China for delivery of five widebodies in 2016 and six widebodies for Qatar Airways in 2017. The revenue impact of these transactions will be evident in 2017 and beyond,” Martin said. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Chorus posts $83 million 2016 net profit; leasing revenue up 44% FLY Leasing posts $29 million net loss for 2016 amid fleet turnover China Aircraft Leasing 2016 net profit up 68% to $82 million BOC Aviation posts $163 million interim net profit   Thai Airways reverses losses, posts $1.3 million 2016 net profit Blogs & Commentary Mar 22, 2017 blog Keep calm, but don't carry on! The British Airways statement on the new rules forbidding laptops and other personal electronic devices in carry-on on certain flights is so British....More Mar 21, 2017 blog Casting a cloud over a movie star & a little boy sharing carrot juice Have years of work by Emirates and other airlines to cultivate a safe, friendly image in the US been spoiled in one fell swoop?...More Mar 21, 2017 blog Trying to make sense of the new TSA electronics ban I flew to Abu Dhabi for a short work trip in January and, if I’m honest, I found the security and screening processes at that airport ahead of my flight back to Washington DC a bit annoying. However, given today’s announcement about new US security rules for flights from that airport and nine others, most of them also in the Middle East, the focus of my annoyance has changed....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Mar 13, 2017 Article Aireon satellite-based ADS-B goes live on Iridium NEXT satellite Space-based ADS-B provider Aireon has taken full control of its ADS-B receiver installed on an Iridium NEXT satellite, following the launch of the first 10 satellites in January this year....More Mar 10, 2017 Article Satcom study unveils higher than expected benefits for airlines A study released at the World ATM Congress in Madrid this week suggests that satellite communication (satcom) in the cockpit has saved airlines more than $3 billion over the last 15 years....More Mar 9, 2017 Article World ATM Roundup-March 9, 2017 World ATM Roundup-March 9, 2017...More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Manufacturers > Rolls-Royce unveils new maintenance system Rolls-Royce unveils new maintenance system Mar 27, 2017 Alan Dron EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Photo Gallery: An exclusive look on board Asiana's Airbus A380 Advertisement Engine manufacturer Rolls-Royce is to introduce a new maintenance system for users of its TotalCare aftermarket maintenance and support program. Two years ago, the UK-based company opened an operational center at its Derby headquarters to oversee maintenance activities worldwide, with particular emphasis on solving aircraft on ground situations rapidly. As a result of early experience, it has now deployed that expertise into the field in five regions—Asia-Pacific, Greater China, Middle East and Africa, Europe and the Americas. It is now replacing the central operational center with a new “availability center” in Derby that will have an oversight role over the five deployed teams. Among its roles will be that of quality control among the deployed teams, to ensure consistency in their output: “We don’t want the regional teams developing new capabilities by themselves,” said Tom Palmer, SVP-services in the company’s civil aerospace division. It will also act as a learning hub, ensuring that lessons learned in one of the regions are disseminated across all five. Whereas the operational center was more focused on urgent engineering problems facing Rolls-Royce powered airlines, the availability center would act as a capacity planning center, ensuring the right people and parts were in the right place at the right time, Palmer said. It will become operational in May. Meanwhile, the company is putting the final touches to a new cooperative arrangement with Boeing to maintain low-cost carrier Norwegian’s Boeing 787s. The airline has signed up with Boeing’s GoldCare aftercare program, while Rolls-Royce’s TotalCare has been assigned the responsibility for the aircraft’s Trent engines. “GoldCare and TotalCare weren’t designed to work together,” Palmer said. However, the engine manufacturer had realized that the two systems had to co-exist in order for the airline to get the maximum benefit from its investment in the two aftermarket programs: “The engine [maintenance] activities have to fit within the [overall] aircraft plan.” With that in mind, Rolls-Royce had been working very closely with both airframer and airline to put in place the necessary interfaces and working relationships, he said. The system is scheduled to come into effect in April. Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Rolls-Royce unveils LessorCare   Rolls-Royce plans new SelectCare maintenance plan   Rolls-Royce’s new regional approach to repairs paying off   American Airlines, Rolls-Royce to close Texas Aero Engine Services   Rolls-Royce unveils new Trent variant   Blogs & Commentary Mar 22, 2017 blog Keep calm, but don't carry on! The British Airways statement on the new rules forbidding laptops and other personal electronic devices in carry-on on certain flights is so British....More Mar 21, 2017 blog Casting a cloud over a movie star & a little boy sharing carrot juice Have years of work by Emirates and other airlines to cultivate a safe, friendly image in the US been spoiled in one fell swoop?...More Mar 21, 2017 blog Trying to make sense of the new TSA electronics ban I flew to Abu Dhabi for a short work trip in January and, if I’m honest, I found the security and screening processes at that airport ahead of my flight back to Washington DC a bit annoying. However, given today’s announcement about new US security rules for flights from that airport and nine others, most of them also in the Middle East, the focus of my annoyance has changed....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Mar 13, 2017 Article Aireon satellite-based ADS-B goes live on Iridium NEXT satellite Space-based ADS-B provider Aireon has taken full control of its ADS-B receiver installed on an Iridium NEXT satellite, following the launch of the first 10 satellites in January this year....More Mar 10, 2017 Article Satcom study unveils higher than expected benefits for airlines A study released at the World ATM Congress in Madrid this week suggests that satellite communication (satcom) in the cockpit has saved airlines more than $3 billion over the last 15 years....More Mar 9, 2017 Article World ATM Roundup-March 9, 2017 World ATM Roundup-March 9, 2017...More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Spaceflight Docking Port Relocated at Space Station to Support Commercial Spacecraft By Robert Z. Pearlman, collectSPACE.com Editor | March 27, 2017 12:50pm ET MORE Video still showing the space station's Canadarm2 robotic arm (at bottom right) grappling Pressurized Mating Adapter-3 to relocate it from the Unity module to the Harmony module on Sunday, March 26, 2017. Credit: NASA TV via collectSPACE.com HOUSTON — A docking port that was previously used to connect space shuttle orbiters to the International Space Station was robotically relocated at the outpost on Sunday (March 26) to support the future arrival of commercial crew spacecraft. Flight controllers working at NASA Johnson Space Center in Houston remotely commanded the station's Canadarm2 robotic arm to grab hold of, move and reattach Pressurized Mating Adapter-3 (PMA-3) from the port, or left, side of the outpost's Tranquility module (Node 3) to the zenith (space-facing) side of the Harmony module (Node 2). "This reconfiguration that we are doing [will] get ourselves into position to support the commercial crew capability that we're hoping to bring on board late next year and in 2019," said Kenny Todd, NASA's operations integration manager for the station, in a briefing on Wednesday (March 22). NASA graphic showing from where Pressurized Mating Adapter-3 was being moved (in blue) to its new location (in green) at the International Space Station. Credit: NASA Boeing and SpaceX are developing new spacecraft — the CST-100 Starliner and Dragon, respectively — to launch astronauts to the space station, beginning as soon as late 2018. The commercially-operated vehicles will provide the launch services that the space shuttles previously provided and will augment the role that Russia's Soyuz spacecraft now solely provides. The Starliner and Dragon capsules will dock to the station at PMA-3 and PMA-2, another pressurized tunnel mounted to the forward-facing port on the Harmony module. PMA-2 was equipped with an International Docking Adapter (IDA) to be compatible with the new spacecraft in August 2016. "We'll be ready to install a docking adapter [on PMA-3] at the end of the year [or] first of next year time frame that will provide that second docking port that we're going to desire when we start seeing commercial crew coming to station," said Todd. To prepare for Sunday's move, Expedition 50 commander Shane Kimbrough worked outside the station to disconnect cables and electrical connections between PMA-3 and the Tranquility module during a six and a half hour spacewalk with European Space Agency astronaut Thomas Pesquet.  A second outing, scheduled for Thursday (March 30), will have Expedition 50 flight engineer Peggy Whitson connect heater lines to PMA-3. She and Kimbrough will also add protective micrometeoroid shields to the now open port on Tranquility and around the point where PMA-3 attached to Harmony. [Spacewalking Astronauts Prep Space Station to Dock with Commercial Spaceships] Sunday's relocation was the latest and final planned move of PMA-3 since it was brought to the space station aboard the space shuttle Discovery's STS-92 mission in October 2000. Initially installed on the nadir, or Earth-facing, port on the Unity module (Node 1), it was used by shuttles Endeavour and Atlantis to dock on missions that launched a segment of the station's truss in December 2000 (STS-97) and the U.S. Destiny Laboratory in February 2001 (STS-98). PMA-3 was then moved a month later during Discovery's STS-102 mission to the port side of Unity to make way for the delivery of pressurized cargo carriers. It stayed there until August 2007, when the Expedition 15 crew returned PMA-3 to Unity's nadir port in preparation or the arrival of Harmony on Discovery's STS-120 mission that October. PMA-3 was moved three more times prior to Sunday's final transfer. In August 2009, the Expedition 20 crew used the Canadarm2 to relocate the adapter from Unity's nadir to its port side to allow reconfigurations to the node's bulkhead. PMA-3 was then moved from Unity to the zenith port on Harmony in January 2010, prior to its relocation to the port side of Tranquility a month later during Endeavour's STS-130 mission that delivered Node 3 to the space station. Follow collectSPACE.com on Facebook and on Twitter at @collectSPACE. Copyright 2017 collectSPACE.com. All rights reserved. Editor's Recommendations The International Space Station: Inside and Out (Infographic) NASA Books More Astronaut Flights from SpaceX, Boeing Space Station Astronauts Poised to Tackle Three-Spacewalk Streak Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Coverage of today's events UN conference on prohibition of nuclear weapons Dow Jones Industrial Average Skiers hit the slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Ocean Voyager webcam at the Georgia Aquarium Old Faithful geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live view of Rockaway Beach, NY Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner's power expanding with latest White House assignment By Meghan Keneally Close Follow on Twitter More from Meghan Mar 27, 2017, 2:08 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Photo Ivanka Trump, daughter of President Donald Trump and her husband, senior adviser Jared Kushner, arrive in the East Room of the White House in Washington, Feb. 15, 2017, for a joint news conference with President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. 0 Shares Email One of President Trump's top advisers is getting an even more public role in the coming days. Jared Kushner, the president's senior adviser and son-in-law, has been a key player in the presidential campaign and inside the White House, but an announcement expected today will be the latest visible display of his growing power within in the administration. Kushner, 36, will be named as head of the new White House Office of American Innovation, ABC News has learned. Few details have been released about the office, but it is believed to be tasked with taking ideas from the business world and using those theories to innovate in government. He is not drawing a salary. Kushner's wife, President Trump's eldest daughter Ivanka, may be one of the more public faces of the administration. She regularly accompanies her father to public events, like his recent visits to the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, D.C., and the Boeing Co. plant in South Carolina. She also often posts pictures on her social media accounts of various business roundtable discussions she attends. How first daughter Ivanka Trump's role at the White House has grown Trump Son-in-Law Emerges as Quiet Campaign Force Her husband arguably keeps a lower profile, even though he is, technically, more senior in the administration, given his formal title as a government employee, which she is not, at least at the moment. Ivanka Trump, who is also not being paid, received a promotion of sorts last week when she was given security clearance, a government-issued communications device and an office in the West Wing. Her office is on the second floor of the West Wing, while Kushner's is steps from the Oval Office. Kushner's influence appears to occur slightly more behind the scenes, which has been the case since the campaign. Kushner, who, with his wife, practices Orthodox Judaism, helped write Trump’s first formal address of the campaign to the pro-Israel American Israel Public Affairs Committee in March, campaign sources confirm. During remarks before the speech, Trump said Kushner, "spoke to many of his friends from Israel." Kevin Lamarque/Reuters U.S. President Donald Trump gives a thumbs-up as he and White House Senior Advisor Jared Kushner depart the White House in Washington, March 15, 2017. One of the few public statements that Kushner made during the campaign came when he defended his father-in-law in July against allegations of anti-Semitism, after Trump shared an image on Twitter of Hillary Clinton with a pile of money and a star, which many interpreted as the Star of David, a symbol of Judaism. Kushner wrote a 1,326-word op-ed in The New York Observer, the newspaper from which he has now divested, in which he described Trump as being "an incredibly loving and tolerant person who has embraced my family and our Judaism since I began dating my wife." In another example of Kushner’s influence, he was one of a handful of advisers who accompanied Trump on a controversial trip in August to Mexico, and sources inside the campaign told ABC News that he had been working to plan the trip for several weeks. “Jared executed this thing beautifully from start to finish,” a senior level adviser with direct knowledge told ABC News. Since Trump took office in January, his reliance on Kushner has become well-known. And prior to today’s expected announcement, which appears to focus on domestic economic growth, the president’s has turned to Kushner and his role on the international stage. At an event for donors and Republican supporters the night before the inauguration, Trump addressed Kushner in his remarks and said, "If you can't produce peace in the Middle East, nobody can." Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images General Michael Flynn, U.S. national security advisor, from left, and Jared Kushner, senior White House adviser, speak with John Kelly, secretary of U.S. Homeland Security, and U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, in Washington, on Feb. 13, 2017. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also highlighting his longstanding ties to Kushner in a show of support for Trump when he visited the White House in February. "Can I reveal, Jared, how long we’ve known you?" Netanyahu said while addressing Kushner, who was seated in the front row of the crowd. "Well, he was never small. He was always big. He was always tall," Netanyahu said, alluding to Kushner's height, even as a young child. "But I’ve known the president and I’ve known his family and his team for a long time, and there is no greater supporter of the Jewish people and the Jewish state than President Donald Trump," he concluded. Indeed, the close ties between Trump and Kushner are no secret. The first-son-in-law is constantly spotted in the Oval Office and joins Trump on his frequent weekend trips to the president’s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. While they didn't go to Florida this weekend, the family ties were still on display: Kushner and Ivanka Trump were spotted having dinner with the president at the Trump Hotel in D.C., just down the road from the White House. ABC News' John Santucci contributed to this report. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Trump son-in-law's power expanding with latest White House assignment " Paul Ryan says Devin Nunes shouldn't recuse himself from Russia investigation " Scottish lawmakers seek new referendum on independence within 2 years " 4th body found after fire in rundown Oakland residential building " State Department darkens the briefing room again amid search for new spokesperson " Ford investing $1.2B in 3 Michigan plants, adding 130 jobs Undercover Miami police officers caught in shooting ambush, 2 wounded Couple arrested after trying to sell infant on Craigslist " Star gymnasts testify at Congress about sex-abuse scandal " US stock indexes veer higher as consumer confidence gains " Judge considering plan on fix for 18,000 Flint water lines " Bride surprises grandmother in hospital after wedding " Kid suffers 3rd-degree burns after DIY slime project " After winning shot, college star gets standing ovation in morning class " Firefighters rescue kitten stuck inside wall " Runners help fatigued racer to half-marathon finish line " Firefighters shave heads to support colleague's son with cancer " Newborns Romeo and Juliet take Shakespeare-themed photo shoot " Fire department welcomes 6 babies in 7 months " 94-year-old woman celebrates 44 years working at McDonald's " New York City sanitation workers retrieve a woman's wedding rings against the odds " Indiana board set to endorse $7M Carrier deal Trump brokered " Supreme Court rules for Texas death row inmate " Man arrested in connection with vandalism at Colorado mosque " Self-driving car crash comes amid debate about regulations " S. Korea's Park to attend court session on possible arrest " Police killing exposes anger, fear of Chinese in France " Got camera? Facebook adds more Snapchat-like features " Maryland teen plotting school shooting referred to Columbine, Newtown in diary, police say " Maryland teen was plotting mass school shooting, police say " Russian Manafort client: Willing to speak to Congress " 'Carlos the Jackal' awaiting verdict in Paris court " Family of Vegas attorney, whose death was originally ruled suicide, believes husband killed her " Alec Baldwin says he nearly passed on playing Donald Trump on 'SNL' " Abby Lee Miller says she's quitting 'Dance Moms' " Reporter's notebook: What I learned from being in a metabolic chamber
395033 3471 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Pr Newswire . Adient Collaborating With Boeing to Explore Improved Comfort, Functionality of Commercial Aircraft Seating and Interiors Adient Collaborating With Boeing to Explore Improved Comfort, Functionality of Commercial Aircraft Seating and Interiors PR NEWSWIRE Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 27/03/2017 14:55 DETROIT, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Adient, plc (NYSE: ADNT), the world's leading automotive seating and interiors supplier, today announced it is collaborating with Boeing to explore innovative comfort, efficiency and functional improvements to commercial aircraft seating and interiors. The collaboration brings together two global leaders in their respective industries. Boeing, the world's leading airplane manufacturer, is providing insight into the commercial aviation industry and its technical specifications, as well as an understanding of FAA certification requirements. Adient is the largest global supplier of seating and interior systems for the automotive industry and will contribute expertise in design, comfort, craftsmanship, operational excellence, and supply chain management. "Adient is committed to our strategy of leveraging our strong global expertise and leadership in automotive seating and interiors to deliver customer value and competitive advantages in adjacent mobility markets," said Adient Chairman and CEO Bruce McDonald. "Through discussions with Boeing, we believe there's an opportunity for Adient to raise the bar on the aviation passenger experience, building on our leadership in the automobile seat market." According to Counterpoint Market Research, LTD, the aircraft Interiors market is estimated to reach $21.7B by 2025, a compounded annual growth rate of 4.3% from 2016 to 2025. The industry is consolidated among a small number of providers. "Boeing is building commercial airplanes at record rates to deliver on an order backlog of more than $400 billion," said Kent Fisher, vice president and general manager, Supplier Management, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "We continually explore opportunities to offer more value to our customers and believe they would benefit from a wider range of options and more reliable, on-time performance in the airplane interiors and seating category." About Adient:  Adient is a global leader in automotive seating. With 75,000 employees operating in 230 manufacturing/assembly plants in 33 countries worldwide, we produce and deliver automotive seating for all vehicle classes and all major OEMs. From complete seating systems to individual components, our expertise spans every step of the automotive seat-making process. Our integrated, in-house skills allow us to take our products from research and design all the way to engineering and manufacturing - and into more than 25 million vehicles every year. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:  Adient plc has made statements in this document that are forward-looking and, therefore, are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements in this document other than statements of historical fact are statements that are, or could be, deemed "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this document, statements regarding Adient's future financial position, sales, costs, earnings, cash flows, other measures of results of operations, capital expenditures or debt levels and plans, objectives, outlook, targets, guidance or goals are forward-looking statements. Words such as "may," "will," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe," "should," forecast," "project" or "plan" or terms of similar meaning are also generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Adient cautions that these statements are subject to numerous important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond Adient's control, that could cause Adient's actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including, among others, risks related to: the ability of Adient to meet debt service requirements and comply with covenants which may restrict the payment of dividends, the availability and terms of financing, general economic and business conditions, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, the availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates, and cancellation of or changes to commercial arrangements. A detailed discussion of risks related to Adient's business, including risks relating to the payment of dividends, is included in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in Adient's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 filed with the SEC on November 29, 2016 and available at http://www.sec.gov. Potential investors and others should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements included in this document are made only as of the date of this document, unless otherwise specified, and, except as required by law, Adient assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update such statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this document. In addition, this document includes certain projections provided by Adient with respect to the anticipated future performance of Adient's businesses. Such projections reflect various assumptions of Adient's management concerning the future performance of Adient's businesses, which may or may not prove to be correct. The actual results may vary from the anticipated results and such variations may be material. Adient does not undertake any obligation to update the projections to reflect events or circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of subsequent events. No representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy or reasonableness of such assumptions or the projections based thereon. ContactsMediaDavid J. Roznowski T: +1-734-254-3255 david.j.roznowski@adient.com~Ulrich Andree T: +49-2174-654343 Ulrich.andree@adient.comNate Hulings - Boeing T: +1-425-865-1628 Nathan.a.Hulings@boeing.comInvestors :Mark Oswald T: +1-732-254-3372 Mark.A.Oswald@adient.com Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: enUK201703276401_Immedia, en-US, Trasporti_E_Logistica Auto_E_Motori Trasporti_E_Logistica Arredamento_E_Design Turismo Economia_E_Finanza , Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Tg AdnKronos, 28 marzo Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Pensione anticipata al rush finale: le novità 2. Cartelle Equitalia: ecco quali conviene rottamare 3. Roma, Ikea sbarca in centro 4. Difende la fidanzata, 20enne ucciso a sprangate dal branco 5. Uccide i figli a martellate, poi si getta da un dirupo Video Bologna, scontro pullman-tir sul raccordo: 16 feriti in ospedale Tirano di più 6 husky o 300 cavalli? Palalottomatica in festa per il live di Mannarino Francia, record sulla neve in sella alla bici, 227 km/h Mamma scoiattolo salva il suo piccolo da auto in corsa Droga, arrestate 14 persone tra Monza e Milano Scende dall’auto e immobilizza il ladro, il coraggio di una poliziotta In volo tra le valli e i monti di Marte L’astronauta Guidoni: "Ecco quando andremo su Marte" In Evidenza Hi Future! Guarda avanti 'Agricoltura crea valore', Cia lancia Conferenza economica a Bologna Sanità, Codice Rosa: 350 donne vittime violenza seguite a Umberto I in 2 anni /Video A.P.I. L’innovazione per l’industria 4.0 Giovani, arriva 'Generazione Cultura' per far crescere nuove professionalità /Video Italiaonline, a Parma tappa digital business tour A Washington ACC.17, il meeting dell'American College of Cardiology Educare e prevenire l'epatite C nelle carceri con il progetto "Enehide" Giornata mondiale della salute orale Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare Dal Web il meglio della cosmesi per la bellezza della donna Una strada per Fulvio Bracco a Cesano Maderno. La figlia Diana: "Un premio per famiglia e azienda" Intesa, Cariplo e Vismara: 25 milioni di euro contro la povertà infantile Asseprim Focus. Osservatorio economico dei servizi professionali all’impresa 'Codere Italia' e 'Obiettivo 2016' insieme per una nuova sfida a Enada Primavera Passaporto ematico, al via con lo screening del sangue per la Juve Stabia /Video /Foto Energia, è online nuovo numero newsletter Gme Rinascere dopo il sisma, Poste presenta 'Noi ci siamo' /Video ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo LAV, i lasciti testamentari a favore di animali Unione Europea oggi: ancora un'opportunità? Eni – Future Experience for You(ng) Non più centrali elettriche, nuova vita per 23 impianti Ipertensione arteriosa, nuovo studio apre la via per il corretto controllo della pressione Assogenerici apre le porte delle aziende con "Fabbriche aperte” Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura   Seguici 395033 3471 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
null
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us 113.9m shares Mysterious X37-B ‘space plane’ has been in orbit for 677 days – and no one knows why Rob Waugh for Metro.co.ukMonday 27 Mar 2017 12:58 pm The Air Force’s first unmanned re-entry spacecraft, X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle, (Picture: Getty) A mysterious hi-tech ‘space plane’ has now been in orbit for 677 days – and no one outside the U.S. military has any idea what it’s up to. Nicola Sturgeon wins vote for second Scottish referendum The robotic Boeing X-37B craft – also known as Orbital Test Vehicle 4 is on a mission the U.S. will only describe as ‘classified’. Observers have speculated that the Space Shuttle-esque vehicle might be designed to drop bombs from space, or to destroy satellites – or work as a ‘movable’ satellite itself. (Picture: Getty) When it landed from a previous mission, it was greeted by ground crew in biohazard suits – sparking gossip that there was something radioactive on board. The aircraft has a wingspan of less than 15ft – and is taken into space on a rocket, but glides back to Earth like a space shuttle. (Picture: NASA) NASA has said that there is a materials experiment on board – but its main payload remains a mystery. During the aircraft’s previous missions, amateur astronomers were able to detect the orbital pattern of the first X-37B which included flyovers of North Korea, Iraq, Iran, Pakistan and Afghanistan, heightening the suspicion that the vehicle was being used for surveillance. More Nicola Sturgeon wins vote for second Scottish referendum Ryanair selling flights for £3 - but you have to book now Woman who tortured neighbour by playing Ed Sheeran on repeat jailed Lots of sex and looking at boobs proven to help men live longer, says science Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Nicola Sturgeon wins vote for second Scottish referendum Ryanair selling flights for £3 - but you have to book now Muslim women gather on Westminster Bridge to condemn 'abhorrent' attack Mum disgusted as son is banned from school trips despite 'natural blond dye' Man subjected to 'disgraceful' prolonged sexual assault on London UndergroundMore trending stories » VideoMore videos » Spanish police find 7kg of cocaine hidden in fake bananas Man holds up bus for 20 minutes after his bus stop is shut Jeremy Hunt's unusual line of questioning on FGM Scottish Parliament votes for second independence referendumMore videos » YOU ARE HERE: News Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations NI Assembly Election NI Election Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Cheltenham Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson Economy Watch Company Profiles Business Awards Food and Drink Awards Food & Drink Awards Guide Entertainment Horoscopes News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Food & Drink Awards Guide Features Books Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video Archive Search Go Home › Business › Business News Bombardier orders set to take off with 35 jets planned for year By John Mulgrew March 27 2017 0 Comments Bombardier orders set to take off with 35 jets planned for year BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Bombardier could be set to deliver up to 35 of its commercial aircraft this year, an industry body has predicted. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/bombardier-orders-set-to-take-off-with-35-jets-planned-for-year-35563117.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35563116.ece/b4ae0/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-03-27_bus_29749448_I1.JPG Email The CS100 jet during one of its trials at London City Airport Bombardier could be set to deliver up to 35 of its commercial aircraft this year, an industry body has predicted. ADS also said that the UK aerospace industry is off to a solid start, with fresh figures showing deliveries of 100 aircraft with a value of up to £2bn in February. But while Bombardier did not deliver any planes last month - with 51 Boeing and 49 Airbus being sold - the group is predicting the Canadian aerospace giant, which employs around 5,000 staff in Northern Ireland, will deliver 30 to 35 aircraft in 2017. That figured is based on orders so far, but it could rise during the course of the year. Meanwhile, Bombardier's flagship CSeries jets - which are partly made in Belfast - will soon become the largest commercial aircraft capable of landing at London City Airport. The CS100 completed a series of trials at the airport last week. Speaking about the latest commercial aircraft sales, Paul Everitt, chief executive of ADS, said: "Today's figures demonstrate continued success for the UK aerospace industry. "It also highlights the good prospects for the rest of 2017. "The industry is looking to build on 2016's record year for deliveries, as all major aircraft companies look to increase their production rates. " Belfast Telegraph Brexit: Sterling falls into the red ahead of official trigger of Article 50  Sterling fell into the red on Tuesday, reversing earlier gains ahead of the official trigger of Article 50. Stormont crisis: Senior civil servant to take hold of Northern Ireland's purse strings for first...  Control of devolved spending at Stormont will be handed to senior civil servant David Sterling for the first time on Wednesday. BMW workers to protest in Munich over plans to close final salary pension scheme  Workers at car giant BMW are to stage a protest in Germany as part of a campaign against plans to close their final salary pension scheme. BAE Systems boss sees pay package rise by 18% to £3.5m  The boss of BAE Systems has pocketed a near 20% pay rise as his eight-year tenure at the defence giant draws to a close. Popular 'Human waste' in cans forces shutdown at Coca-Cola plant in Northern...  Northern Ireland Northern Ireland could rejoin EU if it votes for united Ireland, says Brexit minister David Davis  UK Poll: Should Northern Ireland MLAs have salary stopped if they fail to restore...  Northern Ireland Michelle O'Neill: Only option James Brokenshire entitled to take is to call an...  Northern Ireland Wife 'overjoyed' as Marine Alexander Blackman likely to be home within weeks  UK Martin McGuinness funeral - huge crowd bids farewell Poll: Should MLAs have pay cut if they fail to do deal? Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: The Perch and China White, March 27 [Photos]  Nightlife Belfast nightlife: Bot on Wednesdays March 22, 2017 [Photos]  From Belfast Telegraph UK NI can rejoin EU if it votes for united Ireland: Davis  Northern Ireland 'Human waste' in cans forces shutdown at Coca-Cola plant  Northern Ireland Ian Paisley left £650k in his will, including an apartment by the sea  News Derry City captain Ryan McBride funeral [photos]  Northern Ireland Watch: McGuinness in emotional final interview before his death  World As it happened: Martin McGuinness funeral coverage  News Martin McGuinness: From IRA man to peace maker - journey in pictures [Photos]  News Analysis News Analysis: Peter Robinson: Through Martin McGuinness' illness we met, spoke and exchanged...  News Martin McGuinness death: Vigil held in west Belfast [Photos]  News Martin McGuinness death: Derry mourns passing of veteran republican [Photos]  Entertainment St Patrick's Day Parade Belfast 2017 [Photos]  Technology Jet able to fly London to New York in three hours a step closer  Readers Pictures Ulster beauty spots Spring/Summer 2017 - readers' pictures  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations NI Assembly Election NI Election Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Cheltenham Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson Economy Watch Company Profiles Business Awards Food and Drink Awards Food & Drink Awards Guide Entertainment Horoscopes News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Food & Drink Awards Guide Features Books Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video Archive Search Go
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here. US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business › economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Manufacturing sector Aircraft orders increase tenfold in a year in boost for UK manufacturing Aerospace industry delivered 100 aircraft in February, worth £2bn to UK, with orders up to 43, but uncertainty rises over Brexit An employee checks the nose cone of a Trent XWB aircraft engine at the Rolls-Royce factory in Derby. Photograph: Bloomberg/Getty Manufacturing sector Aircraft orders increase tenfold in a year in boost for UK manufacturing Aerospace industry delivered 100 aircraft in February, worth £2bn to UK, with orders up to 43, but uncertainty rises over Brexit Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Angela Monaghan Monday 27 March 2017 01.30 EDT The global aerospace industry enjoyed a surge in aircraft orders in February, putting it on track for another record year of deliveries and boosting the UK economy. The number of commercial aircraft ordered by airlines jumped to 43 last month from just four in February 2016, according to ADS, the industry trade association. The figures are based on orders for the planemakers Airbus, Boeing, Canada’s Bombardier, the Chinese state-owned firm Comac and Russia’s Irkut. Growth was driven mainly by demand for single-aisle planes designed for short-haul travel. The industry delivered 100 aircraft to customers over the month, with a value of up to £2bn to the UK economy. This value is from research and development and the manufacturing that take place in the country. Airbus employs about 15,000 people in the UK and makes the wings for its planes at its factory in Broughton, north Wales. Brexit and Trump mean 'dangerous new phase' for Airbus, says boss Read more The number of deliveries in February was down slightly from 102 in the same month last year. A total of 1,443 commercial aircraft rolled off production lines last year, breaking the record for a sixth year. Nonetheless, ADS is forecasting deliveries will rise by 6%-7% this year to more than 1,500 new aircraft. Paul Everitt, chief executive of ADS Group, said: “Today’s figures demonstrate continued success for the UK aerospace industry and good prospects for the rest of 2017. The industry is looking to build on 2016’s record year for deliveries, as all major aircraft companies look to increase their production rates.” There was a backlog of 13,436 commercial aircraft on order in February, worth about £220bn to UK industry. This is the third-highest backlog on record for civil aerospace, according to ADS. The aerospace industry has been held up by the government as a poster child for British manufacturing because it is a source of highly skilled jobs and has benefited from close collaboration with the government. However, the Brexit vote has created uncertainty about whether major employers such as Airbus could look to move manufacturing for the next generation of aircraft to other locations. Everitt said that it would be crucial for the UK to secure a good deal with the EU in Brexit negotiations so companies had the confidence to invest in Britain. “This week the government intends to trigger article 50, starting a two-year process to determine the UK’s exit terms from the European Union. It will be vital for industry and government to work together to secure a good deal, one that gives companies in our sectors the confidence to invest and create more high value jobs in every region of the UK,” Everitt said. Topics Manufacturing sector Airbus Boeing Airline industry Global economy Economics news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Manufacturing sector back to top US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, March 28, 2017 11:59 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Why new long-haul planes could destroy airlines (VIDEO) Monday March 27, 2017 12:56 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Johnny Depp to star as John McAfee in ‘King of the Jungle’ The Edit: Hollande presents Michelle Yeoh with third award PKR: Wan Azizah may leave hospital soon, illness nothing serious The Edit: Noble son or killer? China court case prompts debate Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Next year, Singapore Airlines Ltd will restart direct flights to New York, and Qantas Airways Ltd will make its first nonstop flights to the UK. — AFP picNEW YORK, March 27 — The global aviation map is about to shift in a way we’ve not seen in three decades. Since the introduction of the Boeing Co 747-400 in the late 1980s, the range limits and economics of long-haul jets have been more or less fixed. New fuel-efficient planes such as Boeing’s 787 and 777X and Airbus SE’s A350 are changing that. Next year, Singapore Airlines Ltd will restart direct flights to New York, and Qantas Airways Ltd will make its first nonstop flights to the UK. Soon, we could see direct routes between Singapore and Sao Paulo, London and Sydney, or Jakarta and Los Angeles — and that could make life surprisingly difficult for incumbent long-haul carriers. — Bloomberg Gadfly                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Najib: Peugeot, Proton in talks on possible partnership Tesco to pay £214m to settle false accounting charges Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Nothing in this region comes close to Pengerang Jack Ma: DFTZ will be a Malaysian-run business Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles IATA: Airlines soaring to record profits For the young and dynamic ‘Vietjetters’, the sky is the limit Top airlines look to no-frills fares to win back travellers to Europe Five tips on surviving a long-haul flight Airline earnings to hit US$40b as cheap oil beats slowing demand Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror Female-Fronted Horror Anthology XX Finds The Dread In Domesticity  Aldi Cocoon Ultra HD Media Player: Australian Review BeatsX Wireless Headphones: Australian Review Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: The Gizmodo Review Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror Female-Fronted Horror Anthology XX Finds The Dread In Domesticity  Smart Home & Gadgets Ikea Has 'Smart' Lighting Now Amazon's Automated Grocery Store Works Great As Long As Nobody Runs Or Moves Stuff Around Shoppers Fly Down Staircase After 25-Metre Escalator Is Thrown Into Reverse Melbourne's Weather Is So Awful Someone Invented A Jacket To Deal With It Mobile How To Watch Samsung's Galaxy S8 Launch Live Stream CarPlay, Siri And AirPods Get New Features In Apple's iOS 10.3 Update For Some Reason, Samsung Might Sell Refurbished Versions Of Its Exploding Phones How To Run Windows On An iPhone, No Jailbreak Required Car Tech Report: Former British PM David Cameron Encouraged London Mayor To Drop Uber Regulations Which Character Caused The Most Damage In The 'Fast And The Furious' Movies? Your Ridiculously Awesome Ferrari Wallpaper Is Here Intoxicated Man 'Showing Off' New Subaru WRX Runs It Into A House: Police  Online The Most NSFW Site For Streaming Every Star Wars Movie Is Pornhub Discord Has A Child Porn Problem How To Protect Your PC From Trolls, Hackers And Other Obnoxious Security Threats What Will Elon Musk And Tim Cook Do For Trump's New 'Office Of American Innovation'? Science & Health Trump's Drastic Move To Dismantle The Clean Power Plan Won't Bring Coal Back New Up-Close Image Of Jupiter Is So Hypnotic It Hurts Americans Have Somehow Helped The Environment Without Even Trying Mice Have Been Mooching Off Humans For An Astounding 15,000 Years Cameras Carrying A Flying Camera Drone Results In Some Beautifully Stabilised Shots Rediscovered 1920s Home Movies Are The First To Show The White House In Colour This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid UK Testing Out Drone Army To Beef Up Its Already Robust Surveillance State  Computing Intel Claims Its Magical New Memory Will Speed Your Computer Up For Cheap You Can Download Night Shift For MacOS For Free Right Now Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle US Congressman Wants To Use Facial Recognition To Track Immigrants Gaming Watch The Halo World Championships Live (Thanks To Twitter) Supergirl Shows Up To Fight Her Jerk Cousin In Injustice 2 Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Game Of Thrones Is Getting A Tabletop Miniatures Game... Of Thrones Entertainment T'Challa Goes Car Surfing In The First Official Picture From Black Panther The New Spider-Man: Homecoming Trailer Features So Much Iron Man Trump Official's LEGO Batman Joke Will Be Investigated Because Democrats Clearly Want To Lose In 2020 A Mum Comes To Grips With Her Daughter's Destiny In Fantasy Short Goblin Queen  Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment How To Watch Samsung's Galaxy S8 Launch Live Stream CarPlay, Siri And AirPods Get New Features In Apple's iOS 10.3 Update How You Can Help Australian Scientists Find A New Planet In Our Solar System How To Protect Your PC From Trolls, Hackers And Other Obnoxious Security Threats 'Magic Carpet' Will Make Landing On An Aircraft Carrier So Much Easier Terrell Jermaine Starr and Jalopnik Mar 27, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  aircraft carriers fa-18 foxtrotalpha navy us navy Share Landing an aircraft on a moving vessel requires a particular kind of precision and know-how that very few human beings can execute with significant technological support. Believe it or not, one psychological test observed that the stress landing on a carrier causes pilots more stress than what troops experience in combat. No wonder cleanly landing on a carrier is a source of pride for pilots. The aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush arrives for a of four-day stop in the harbour of Marseille, southern France, Saturday, Nov. 1, 2014. The vessel took part in the mission Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and against the Islamic State group in Iraq. (AP Photo/Claude Paris) So F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and EA-18G Growler pilots are practice landing on the USS Washington (CVN 73) with a fascinating new landing system called Maritime Augmented Guidance with Integrated Controls for Carrier Approach and Recovery Precision Enabling Technologies, or "MAGIC CARPET" for short. (They must have really wanted to use that acronym.) The system takes on many of the stressful aspects of aircraft carrier landing, like having to gauge the course of landing with the moving ship and all of the things the pilot has to consider while doing it, such as adding and reducing power, adjusting the pitch, yaw and roll, as USNI News explains. Instead, the pilot simply controls the flight path. And because the Navy's Boeing F/A-18E/F's all have digital flight controls, Magic Carpet makes that function for the pilot even easier. Consequently, the system improves safety and efficiency for the pilots, taking much of the stress of landing off the pilot and putting it on the system. To be sure, as Breaking Defence puts it, the pilot is still in control. But, with Magic Carpet, he or she has a lot of help: It's rather like the old saying about swans. They seem smooth and graceful as they swim, but below the surface there's a great deal of frantic paddling. With Magic Carpet, the computer is doing that paddling, constantly making tiny adjustments — faster and more precisely than any human could manage — to keep the aircraft on the pilot's desired course. In a further birdlike touch, a Super Hornet using Magic Carpet constantly flexes its control surfaces, making the wing look like it's rippling. "If you ever watch a bird," said Denham, "he's modulating lift… to decel(erate) and control which limb he's going to grab onto…warping and changing the whole wing." Such "Direct Lift Control" has been tried before, starting decades ago, but without automation, it often proved too complicated for human pilots to keep track of. When Magic Carpet is switched on, the pilot no longer directly controls the flaps, throttle, and so on. Instead, he or she chooses a path and the computer makes the fine adjustments to get and stay on it. Affecting one aspect of flight — angle, speed, alignment, and so on — still affects the others, but the pilot can focus on one at a time while the computer keeps the others under control. The pilot remains a crucial part of the system. And Navy Aviation News spoke with a Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) official who spoke wonders of Magic Carpet: "All results showed benefits in touchdown dispersion reduction of more than 50 per cent when compared to current landing control techniques," said James "Buddy" Denham, a NAVAIR senior aeromechanics engineer. Touchdown dispersions refer to the differences between the actual and ideal landing points. The system is expected to be released in 2019. In fact, the Naval Aviation Enterprise leadership told NAVAIR to deliver the system as is earlier than that because it performed so well. Of course, all of the features set to be on the final version of the system are not complete. But this will actually give pilots, who renamed the system Precision Landing Modes (PLM), more time to experiment with it and pass on suggestions to improve Magic Carpet before the final software is released. Which works out for the service because they will likely lead to fewer dangerous landings — and less stressed out pilots. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments bonehead @bonehead Mar 27, 2017, 1:00pm Whew, close call. Luckily they didn't call it "Integrated Technology System for Carrier Recovery and Approach Precision"... Reply 3 backfromthedead @backfromthedead Mar 27, 2017, 7:16pm Lol Reply 0 eprinsloo @eprinsloo Mar 27, 2017, 7:29pm Nice one, bonehead! Reply 0 eprinsloo @eprinsloo Mar 27, 2017, 7:31pm Also, aircraft carriers, and their pilots is probably going to be a relic soon. A carrier ship with drones can do the job for a fraction of the price, me thinks... Reply 0 honestsailor Guest Mar 28, 2017, 9:26am You honestly have to love the fact the every defence force HAS to make its new system an acronym that spells something no matter what the device actually does or if it makes sense. Typical. Reply 0 duckwaffle @duckwaffle Mar 28, 2017, 2:36pm I think it has more to do with the fact that the systems are designed and developed by software nerds, developers love backronyms like WINE and LAME. Reply 0 munfis @munfis Mar 28, 2017, 5:02pm As long as they still train and test the pilots on unassisted landings. Can imagine a buggered or battle damaged F18 might not have full computer capability, and the pilots are still going to have to avoid losing an expensive plane or smashing onto the deck of a multi-billion dollar ship Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now United Airlines Refused To Board Female Passengers Because They Wore Leggings Alanis King 27 Mar 2017 9:15 AM Twitter user Shannon Watts started a firestorm on Sunday by saying she saw three passengers barred from a flight on United Airlines, apparently because they were wearing spandex leggings. In responding, United representatives repeated that the airline can "refuse passengers who are not properly clothed." NASA Is Eyeing Off A Breakthrough Australian Scientific Discovery That Could Reverse Aging (And Help Get Us To Mars) Rae Johnston 27 Mar 2017 9:45 AM This is incredible. University of New South Wales researchers have made a discovery that could lead to a drug that actually reverses aging - and could even help NASA get its astronauts to Mars. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Buy A LG G6, Get A Free TV Trending Articles 1 United Airlines Refused To Board Female Passengers Because They Wore Leggings 2 NASA Is Eyeing Off A Breakthrough Australian Scientific Discovery That Could Reverse Aging (And Help Get Us To Mars) 3 The New Spider-Man: Homecoming Trailer Features So Much Iron Man T'Challa Goes Car Surfing In The First Official Picture From Black Panther Trump's Drastic Move To Dismantle The Clean Power Plan Won't Bring Coal Back How To Watch Samsung's Galaxy S8 Launch Live Stream The New Spider-Man: Homecoming Trailer Features So Much Iron Man Discord Has A Child Porn Problem Some Terrific Dishonored 2 Cosplay Uwe Boll's Restaurant Is Better Than His Movies How To Make Awesome Japanese Curry From Bricks Put The Clock Back On The Right In Windows 10 Quickly Merge Together A Bunch Of Finder Windows With The Merge All Windows Option Eat An Egg Before Bed To Help You Sleep Better Why It's Important To Cancel Dinner Reservations If You Can't Make It 'See them in court': Cities vow they will resist the Trump administration over 'sanctuary' policies The Senator from ground zero of the opioid crisis has no idea what he's talking about YouTube's advertiser boycott probably won't dent Google's empire The Lyft founder's game plan for beating Uber: 'We're woke' and a 'better boyfriend' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Traffic inches along 172nd St NE on Monday in Arlington. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Arlington, Marysville team to attract thousands of future jobs Kari Bray Mon Mar 27th, 2017 10:00pm BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. ARLINGTON — City officials in Arlington and Marysville are making plans they hope could add up to 20,000 more manufacturing and industrial jobs to north Snohomish County over the next two decades. The cities are working with the Puget Sound Regional Council to get the Arlington-Marysville Manufacturing Industrial Center recognized at the state level, which could land grants and attract more employers. The cities and county already have local designations that allow for tax incentives when employers build and hire in that area. Leaders now are seeking grant money to pay for drafting a master plan that would merge existing studies from both cities and look toward what is needed to expand the industrial center. As the cities work on their plans, they check in with each other, Arlington city administrator Paul Ellis said. They review details such as lining up current and planned roads to maintain traffic flow. A master plan for the industrial center would firm up the coordinated efforts between the cities and could make long-term planning more efficient and less expensive, Ellis said. “The master plan would be a notebook each city has to see how this is going to look as it develops,” he said. “It would give a solid direction … so the cities can meet in the middle when we get there.” The goal of a state designation and formal plan for the manufacturing industrial center is to entice more employers and state funding, particularly grants that are geared toward high-density employment areas. If the city doesn’t land a grant for planning, they’ll try again in the fall, Ellis said. Growth is coming, he said. Businesses need buildable land, lease space and infrastructure. Families moving to north Snohomish County need local jobs. The challenge is making sure infrastructure keeps pace, Ellis said. Roads are the biggest concern. Highway 531 — also 172nd Street Northeast — connects industrial areas to the interstate. Traffic there is heavy, and a project is in the works to widen the road. During peak morning and afternoon hours, drivers can sit behind the same stop light for four or five cycles. A collision on the two-lane portion of the highway brings traffic to a standstill. “Some of the things that need to be done, and that are being done, is better access in the roads system to help us transfer our product back and forth,” said Derick Baisa, CEO of Senior Aerospace, which runs Absolute Manufacturing and AMT in Arlington. They do mostly precision machining and assembly. Baisa anticipates continued growth in those fields. Workers are going to be needed to keep up with demand, he said, and those workers appreciate close-to-home jobs. “One of the things that we like, being up in northern Snohomish County, is we try to attract our employees from the local area and the areas to the north,” Baisa said. “We seem to have better employee retention that way.” The companies have been in Arlington since 2002. Absolute employs about 115 people, Baisa said. Part of the appeal of Arlington and Marysville is the proximity to the I-5 corridor and the nearby workforce. Business parks around Paine Field and Boeing are flooded with competition for skilled workers and adequate space, he said. A market study was done in August for the manufacturing industrial center. It found that low vacancy rates and high rents in the region, particularly around Paine Field, could “accelerate construction in more affordable, alternative locations.” The study found that the manufacturing industrial center could be home to between 8,000 and 25,000 jobs by 2040. There currently are about 5,300 jobs there. The center spans about 4,000 acres, fairly evenly split between the cities, with a little more on the Arlington side. More than 1,700 of those acres are considered ready to develop because they are vacant, could be redeveloped or are only partially occupied, according to the city of Marysville. Kari Bray: 425-339-3439; kbray@heraldnet.com.   Most Read Aerospace blog Some at Boeing worry new work shifts will worsen traffic EVERETT — The Boeing Co. is streamlining its Everett factory shifts starting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Buoy line would keep motor craft in center of Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — People are invited to share their thoughts on a… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Super Kid Maltby teen who’s been all over the world wonders what’s next EVERETT — Trevor Johnston is as well-rounded as he is high-achieving. The… Mar 27th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Tulalips honor longtime pastor at medicine wheel dedication TULALIP — The Tulalip Tribes marked the first day of spring last… Mar 27th, 2017 by Chris Winters Cedar Grove pushes bill that protects composting efforts OLYMPIA — A bill to shield composting operations from lawsuits is getting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A startup building a plane that will fly from Sydney to LA in seven hours has scored $43 million in Series A funding Tony Yoo, Business Insider Australia Mar. 27, 2017, 11:25 PM 3,746 facebook linkedin twitter email print Boom Supersonic A startup developing a supersonic airplane that can fly from Sydney to Los Angeles in just over six hours has announced it has secured $US33 million ($AU43.3 million) in series A funding. Boom — based in Denver, USA — stated that 8VC, Caffeinated Capital, Palm Drive Ventures, RRE Ventures, Y Combinator’s Continuity Fund, and “several angel investors” were involved in the latest round of funding. YCombinator president Sam Altman and investor Greg McAdoo have joined the board as a result. The company’s current focus is the XB-1. Nicknamed the “Baby Boom” — a one-third model of the supersonic plane the startup eventually wants to build, the Boom, which will be a fully fledged passenger plane with seats sold at an “affordable” price. Both the XB-1 and Boom are expected to travel at Mach 2.2 or 2,717 kph, which is more than double the speed of current commercial aircraft. The company claims a trip from New York City to London would take just 3 hours and 15 minutes and cost just $US2,500 each way on the Boom. The same velocity would see the current duration of 13.5 hours between Sydney and Los Angeles cut in half, to just over 6.5 hours. Boom chief executive Blake Scholl said that his firm had taken on this challenge despite an industry dominated by two massive players (Boeing and Airbus) and there being “no successful startup” in 95 years. “While we love the hard engineering and technical challenges, what really drives us is the enormous human benefit of faster travel,” said Scholl, espousing the social and economic benefits as commercial air travel had sped up in the past century. The XB-1 aircraft is scheduled to start test flights next year in Denver in partnership with Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic. Here is a promotional video from Boom that accompanied the Series A funding announcement: Read the original article on Business Insider Australia. Copyright 2017. Follow Business Insider Australia on Twitter. More from Business Insider Australia: The 10 most important things in the world right now Australia is sliding as a top destination for expat workers The CBA thinks the US dollar is going way higher Ebola-mapping Australian startup with $66,000 revenue is aiming for an $8 million IPO ASX POSTS ITS BIGGEST GAIN IN 4 MONTHS: Here's what you need to know SEE ALSO: These are the 5 fastest private jets you can own NOW WATCH: Here's what fruits and vegetables looked like before we domesticated them Loading video... More: Boom BIAUS Planes high speed plane facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A startup building a plane that will fly from Sydney to LA in seven hours has scored $43 million in Series A funding A startup building a plane that will fly from Sydney to LA in seven hours has scored $43 million in Series A funding A startup developing a supersonic airplane that... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Toggle navigation Crosscut.com Politics State Local Government Environment National Transportation Education Social Justice Public Safety Urban Planning Non Profits Crime Culture Arts Heritage Media Sports Food Books Faith Design Mossback Tech & Biz Enterprise Aerospace Civic Tech Internet Startups Medicine Green Tech Bio Tech Small Business About Events Search for: Sign Up Donate Search Crosscut: Submit Signup for Crosscut Updates Sign Up Donate to Crosscut: Submit Support Crosscut State Monday 27, March 2017 Democrats say they are cracking the school-funding code But don't expect quick agreement on a budget for schools and other state services by John Stang You can expect the state Legislature to go into overtime session — maybe into the summer — because the House Democrats and Senate Republicans’ budget proposals are so far apart. They are possibly further apart than at the beginning of difficult biennial budget talks in 2013 and 2015. In some ways, the money difference isn’t huge. But each side has proposed several approaches and items that are non-starters for the other side — at least at this point. The bottom-line difference in the looming showdown is the GOP want a $43 billion budget for 2017-2019, while the House Democrats proposed a $44.9 billion plan on Monday. The GOP budget cuts some social services that the Democrats want to keep. In the Senate budget approved last week, the GOP wants to revamp property taxes and then depend on the economy to provide all the extra revenue that is needed. The Democrats, in contrast, unveiled a proposed 7 percent capital gains tax, an overhaul of the state’s business and occupation tax and closures of several tax breaks. And a Democratic proposal for a tax on carbon emissions could surface in the next few weeks. “These are two very different budgets. …. These aren’t not apples-to-apples comparisons. They’re apples to zucchinis,” said Rep. Timm Ormsby, D-Spokane and chairman of the House Appropriations Committee. In other words, the two sides will have to first find compatible figures and a common budgetary language before they can start negotiating. Sen. Dino Rossi, R-Sammamish and the assistant GOP Senate budget writer, said House Democrats are interested in going into special sessions to “posture with their base” that the Ds are fighting for their supporters. The real budget talks deadline is June 30, because the state government will otherwise partly shut down on July 1 without a budget passed by the Legislature and signed by Gov. Jay Inslee. In 2013 and 2015, Democrats and Republicans did not agree on a biennial budget until the last few days prior to July 1. There are plenty of big differences. The Democrats want the 7 percent capital gains tax to raise money for education. That tax would hit individuals making $25,000 a year in capital gains or couples with $50,000 a year in capital gains. The GOP has successfully opposed this tax in budget talks for the past few years. This proposed tax would affect slightly fewer than 50,000 Washington residents, said Rep. Kristine Lytton, D-Anacortes and chair of the House Finance Committee. Sen. John Braun, R-Centralia and lead GOP budget writer, argued Monday that a capital gains taxes is a type of income tax and could be unconstitutional in Washington. Rep. June Robinson, D-Everett, described the capital gains tax as an excise tax — a tax on the sale of stocks and bonds — instead of an income tax. The House Democrats don’t like the Senate GOP’s plan to raise money for education by a radical overhaul in how the state collects property taxes, putting $5.6 billion in extra education revenue on the table.  Democrats argue that the Republicans property tax plan would levy more taxes on the Seattle area while also shifting Seattle money to rural districts. Braun, who has said his plan would be fair, countered that a capital gains tax also would disproportionally hit Seattle area residents. In an announcement of their proposals, the Democrats said that their school funding plan would finally bring the state into full compliance with court mandates to improve educational funding. And they said their tax proposals would help rebuild the middle class. Democrats also want to tinker with the state’s B&O tax on businesses’ gross receipts. Their plan is to increase B&O taxes by 20 percent on the state’s biggest businesses, with an exception for Boeing. The plan would eliminate the B&O tax for 72 percent of Washington’s businesses, meaning the smalls ones. Democrats also want to lower the real-estate excise tax on the sales of homes worth less than $250,000 and increase that tax on homes selling for more than $1 million.  The House plan calls for closing more than a half-dozen tax breaks, including ones for bottled water, prescription drugs, and non-residents buying goods in Washington. Each year, Democrats proposed closing the exemptions — and each year, the GOP successfully blocks those efforts. Lurking in the background is a House bill to create a tax on carbon-emitting industries with the money earmarked to reducing emissions, fixing water problems and helping forests. That revenue and those projects are not in the Democratic budget unveiled Monday, but they might be added if the House Democrats pass a carbon tax bill, said Rep. Joe Fitzgibbon, D-Des Moines and chairman of the House Environment Committee. In the past, Republicans have opposed any type of carbon tax. Republicans want to ignore tentative new contracts with pay raises negotiated by state employees — except for hikes for correctional workers and state patrol officers. That would eliminate a $760 million obligation in 2017-2019. Democrats oppose that idea, in part pointing to what they say would be the chaos in beginning contractual talks again. Republicans also want to eliminate cost-of-living pay increases for teachers passed by a public initiative while Democrats include the increases in their budget. House Democrats plan to have their appropriations bill passed in that chamber on Friday, with the idea that they can begin budget talks with Senate Republicans then. However, their revenue package will come later, prompting GOP criticisms that talks cannot begin until the House tax bills are passed. Read more about: Under the Dome Show comments + - Like this article? Help us write more like it. Donate John Stang John Stang is a freelance writer who often covers state government. He can be followed on Twitter: @johnstang8 More Articles by John Stang Get More Articles Like This Sign Up Support Crosscut You May Also Like March 8, 2017 Can you hear me now? Legislature may help phone service by Tom James State March 6, 2017 Ferguson: We saw Trump in court, and we conquered by John Stang National March 6, 2017 The loser bills in Washington Legislature by Tom James State March 3, 2017 State immigrant protections no match for Trump by Tom James State Support Crosscut Get More Articles Like This Sign Up Our Sponsors Our Sponsors Support Crosscut Crosscut.com Politics Culture Tech & Biz Events About Contact © 2017 Crosscut.com, All rights reserved.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Annual 3.7% Growth Expected for Global Aviation Test Equipment Market by 2022 Annual 3.7% Growth Expected for Global Aviation Test Equipment Market by 2022 Posted on March 27, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Global aviation test equipment market is expected reach USD 7,254 million by end of 2021 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 03/27/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled "Aviation Test Equipment Market (Electric Systems Test Equipment, Hydraulic Systems Test Equipment, Pneumatic Systems Test Equipment) for Commercial Aviation Test Equipment and Military Aviation Test Equipment Application: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Segment, Trends and Forecast, 2015 – 2021." According to the report, global demand for aviation test equipment market was valued at USD 5,631 million in 2015 and is expected to generate revenue of USD 7,254 million by the end of 2021, growing at a CAGR of slightly above 3.7% between 2016 and 2021. Request Free Sample Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/aviation-test-equipment-market Aviation test equipments play very crucial role in assuring the safety of an aircraft in its operation. These test equipments are mainly used for aircraft, artificial satellites, and spacecraft testing. Advancement in testing technology helps to support the needs of commercial and military aircraft manufacturers globally. Aviation is the practical aspect of aeronautics, which includes design, production, development, the operation of aircraft, particularly heavier than air aircraft. The aviation test equipment market is mainly driven by rising R&D activities of aviation test equipments, and growth in worldwide aerospace and defense industry. Rising demand from commercial aerospace and increasing use of software adaptable solution is expected to fuel the aviation test equipment market in the near future. However, sustainment of legacy platforms may pose a challenge to the market growth in the near future. Several test developers in the test equipment market are greatly challenged by the rising demand for advanced calibrated equipment and avionics systems. The aviation test equipment market is segmented on the basis of different types of system including electric systems test equipment, hydraulic systems test equipment, and pneumatic systems test equipment. In term of revenue, hydraulic systems test equipment was the largest segment in 2015 and accounted for over 38.49% share of the overall market in 2015. Electric systems test equipment was another key outlet for aviation test equipment market. The aviation industry is revolutionizing energy systems on board aircraft, which would expect to see pneumatic and hydraulic power slowly being replaced by electricity. Inquire more about this report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/aviation-test-equipment-market Various application segments of aviation test equipment market include commercial and military sectors. In terms of revenue, commercial aviation test equipment was leading segment in aviation test equipment market and accounted for over 58.9% market share of the total market in 2015. Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. North America obtained the majority of share aviation test equipment market in 2015 and accounted for over 35.26% of the overall market. The merger of major airlines in the U.S. has made the airline industry in this region the most profitable in the worldwide. North America followed by Europe. Asia Pacific is predicted to be the fastest-growing region in the estimated period. This market is highly competitive where players are competing on the basis of cost, reliability, product quality, and aftermarket service. Some of the key players in aviation test equipment market include Boeing, Honeywell International, Inc., Moog Inc., SPHEREA Test & Services (SPHEREA), Rockwell Collins, Airbus, and Teradyne Inc. Browse detail report with in-depth TOC @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/aviation-test-equipment-market The report segments the global aviation test equipment market as: Aviation Test Equipment Market: System Segment Analysis Electric Systems Test Equipment Hydraulic Systems Test Equipment Pneumatic Systems Test Equipment Aviation Test Equipment Market: Product Segment Analysis Commercial Aviation Test Equipment Military Aviation Test Equipment Aviation Test Equipment Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Middle East and Africa Request a customized copy of report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/custom/35 For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/aviation-test-equipment-market/release-787475.htm Media Relations Contact Steven Schulz Research Analyst Telephone: 49-322 210 92714 Email: Click to Email Steven Schulz Web: https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/aviation-test-equipment-market Latest News Global RF Mixers Market 2017 – Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Global Laser Processing Systems Market: Applications Across Automotive Sector to Form Bulk of Revenue Global Automotive Hub Bearing Market Will Increase by 8.5% Annually Till 2022 Global Generator Market for Telecom Develops with Increasing Demand for Seamless Mobile Data Experience Global Automatic Irrigation Equipment Market 2017 – Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Annual 3.7% Growth Expected for Global Aviation Test Equipment Market by 2022 Global Plastic Modifier Market 2017 Global Sapphire Glass Market: Saint-Gobain, DK AZTEC, SCHOTT, Precision Sapphire Technologies Global Release Liners Market: Loparex, UPM, Nan Ya Plastics, LINTEC, Felix Schoeller, 3M Global Oleic Acid (CAS 112-80-1) Market: Pacificoleo, KLK OLEO, Southern Acids Industries, Sichuan Tianyu, Jiangsu Jin Ma © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Business Lockheed's $29 Billion Helicopter Poised to Win Pentagon's Approval Sikorsky Deal 'Overwhelmingly' Approved An agreement between Lockheed Martin Corp., the parent company of Sikorsky, and the state is now in place after the General Assemply and the Teamsters union both voted in favor. An agreement between Lockheed Martin Corp., the parent company of Sikorsky, and the state is now in place after the General Assemply and the Teamsters union both voted in favor. TONY CAPACCIO, JULIE JOHNSSONBloomberg The Pentagon is poised to review – and probably approve – a new helicopter from Lockheed Martin to transport heavy cargo for the Marine Corps in a program valued at as much as $29 billion. The Defense Acquisition Board has scheduled a March 30 meeting to review whether to approve low-rate production for the first 24 of a planned 200 King Stallion helicopters. The initial contract would cover two of the aircraft capable of lifting 27,000 pounds (12,200 kilograms), according to Defense Department documents. Quantities would grow annually, to four next year and 14 in fiscal 2021, according to the latest published acquisition report. Approval to proceed would be the first major acquisition decision under Defense Secretary James Mattis. It would also begin to unlock the revenue Lockheed expects to reap from sales, spares and repairs over the life of the program. The latest budget plan increases spending to $1.9 billion in fiscal 2020 from $892 million this year, including development. The "big" revenue potential for the helicopter designated the CH-53K was the primary incentive for Lockheed's $9 billion acquisition of the Stratford-based Sikorsky helicopter unit from United Technologies Corp. in 2015, Bruce Tanner, Lockheed's chief financial officer, said in an interview. He said the King Stallion is the same size as its predecessor, the Super Stallion, but can haul triple the cargo. "Frankly, when we acquired Sikorsky it was the 53K program that drove most of our valuation as to why we wanted to own Sikorsky," Tanner said. "It was the fact of that aircraft." NAVAIR-PEOA-133-2016-006 HANDOUT This is Sikorsky's CH-53K King Stallion helicopter. This is Sikorsky's CH-53K King Stallion helicopter. (HANDOUT) The King Stallion has international sales potential as well, and discussions are under way with Germany and Israel, Tanner said. "From a revenue perspective it is going to be the lion's share of what we expect from Sikorsky for the next 10 to 15 years, probably, once it gets into production," Tanner said. The helicopter's potential was overshadowed as Lockheed wrestled with accounting-control weaknesses and plummeting commercial helicopter deliveries at Sikorsky. Cheap fuel prices have slowed offshore oil and gas drilling and sapped demand for the large helicopters that industry uses to ferry people and equipment. Deliveries of commercial choppers are expected to generate less than $300 million in revenue this year, down from sales of about $1.25 billion in 2014, before Lockheed's acquisition, according to estimates by Jefferies. The King Stallion should generate more than $500 million this year for Lockheed, according to Howard Rubel, a defense analyst at Jefferies. The Marines will probably be the biggest customer, although there's a chance the Navy could join in if it needs to add a craft with larger capacity, Richard Aboulafia, a defense analyst with the Teal Group, said in an email. The commercial market is less promising. "Much of the world heavy lift market has gone with Boeing's CH-47 over the past few decades," Aboulafia said. "The CH-53K might be too big and expensive to change that." Democratic Rep. Niki Tsongas questioned the helicopter's currently projected production cost of $122 million per chopper at a congressional hearing on March 10. That's "a heck of a lot of money," Tsongas said. "And even if there is no additional cost growth, it seems worth pointing out that $122 million per aircraft" exceeds the current cost of Lockheed's F-35. The latest Air Force model of the advanced fighter jet is estimated to cost $94 million each, including engines. The King Stallion's cost is estimated to drop below $89 million after full-rate production begins, Marine Lieutenant General Gary Thomas, deputy for programs, said at the hearing. "That's still very expensive and we're working very hard with" Lockheed "to keep the cost down and to drive value for the taxpayer." Connecticut announced a deal with Lockheed late last year in which the state agreed to provide up to $220 million in aid in exchange for keeping Sikorsky's headquarters here. Lockheed said it would build 200 of the heavy-lift helicopters in Connecticut until at least 2032. The company also said it would increase full-time employment in the state to more than 8,000 and nearly double its spending of $350 million a year with Connecticut suppliers. A spokesman for the Pentagon's test office said in an email that the helicopter is on course to meet its key performance parameters for range, payload and reliability, citing a Feb. 24 assessment. Army Lt. Col. Roger Cabiness said the helicopter has so far demonstrated it's reliable and available 85 percent of the time needed – exceeding the 83 percent required at this point. The King Stallion has demonstrated to date that it has the capability to support the "most stressing" Marine missions, Cabiness said. Still, one of the helicopter's most serious problems is the high temperature of engine exhaust from two of its three engines, which must be fixed, the testing office assessment found. "We will continue to track system maturation as we further demonstrate the capabilities of the aircraft and implement any needed improvements," Mike Torok, Lockheed's program manager for the CH-53K, said in an email. "We remain confident as we head toward" the Pentagon decision. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Hartford Courant Niki Tsongas U.S. Department of Defense Lockheed Martin Corp. Obits e-Newspaper Breaking Sports Video Politics Community Most Viewed 44°

Follow us on Home Oman Region World Opinion Sports Business Features Videos About us Archives Blogs Oman Air, Lufthansa tie-up to connect 59 destinations across Europe, North America Muscat Daily staff writer March 27, 2017 Muscat -  Oman Air is continuing its expansion across Europe and North America by signing a new partnership agreement with Lufthansa. Under the new agreement guests on Oman Air can connect to 59 destinations across Europe and North America from Lufthansa’s Frankfurt and Munich hubs on an interline basis, stated a press release. At the same time, Lufthansa will codeshare with Oman Air on Oman Air operated services from both Frankfurt and Munich to Muscat, allowing guests to experience the hospitality and outstanding service of Oman Air. In order to provide Oman Air’s guests with a seamless travel experience whilst connecting in Frankfurt and Munich, Oman Air will be moving terminals in Frankfurt to the Lufthansa operated terminals in Frankfurt terminal 1 and Munich terminal 2. Oman Air will also be re-timing its current services to Frankfurt to arrive and depart Frankfurt during the morning to facilitate connections in Frankfurt to Europe and North America in under three hours. Furthermore, as a commitment to the new opportunities open to Oman Air’s guests with this partnership, Oman Air will be operating its brand new Boeing Dreamliner 787-9 between Muscat and Frankfurt. Paul Gregorowitsch, chief executive officer, Oman Air said, “Strategic codeshares are a crucial way for us to broaden customer choice. Our relationship with Lufthansa is a very important development for Oman Air allowing us to offer even better connectivity in Europe and the North Atlantic and we are delighted to be operating one of newest additions to the fleet, the Boeing Dreamliner on the Muscat to Frankfurt route.” This latest agreement, in addition to the new routes already announced in 2017, demonstrates Oman Air’s unwavering progress to becoming a successful, sustainable company of the highest quality: ‘To Become the Best’. Similar content Oman Air, Lufthansa tie-up to connect 59 destinations across Europe, North America Oman Air summer schedule begins today; introduces three new routes Contact us  Privacy policy Sitemap  RSS feeds  To subscribe Ⓒ​  2014   Apex Press and Publishing ,  PO Box 2616,  Ruwi 112, Muscat,  Sultanate of Oman   Telephone: +968-24799388, Fax : 24785951
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business This is how badly Saudi Arabia needs its big oil IPO to go well World Access Companies Car News Interactives Your Money, Your America Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Cash-strapped Saudi Arabia needs big oil IPO to go well Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Amid turmoil, Uber releases first diversity report Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Should real estate be part of my retirement plan? Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz How to drink wine without removing the cork Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Start Small, Think Big Luxury The billionaires club shrank by 283 last year Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Your Money, Your America Trump and jobs: A running fact check by CNNMoney Staff   @CNNMoney March 28, 2017: 12:36 PM ET President Trump: How immigration reform will help jobs Businesses are more confident, and the pro-growth promises of President Trump are a big reason why. He says he'll cut taxes, loosen regulations and increase spending on infrastructure -- all things that tend to rev up investment. At the same time, the markets and economy were doing just fine before Election Day. Trump, of course, is not shy about taking credit. And it's no surprise that companies are touting their job announcements. But how much credit he merits for many of the individual corporate moves is more complicated. In many cases, the jobs he has promoted are part of previously announced plans. Here are the facts. Ford (Part Two) On March 28, Ford announced a $1.2 billion investment in three Michigan facilities. What Trump said: The president sent a tweet touting a "big announcement" from Ford. "Car companies coming back to U.S.," he said. The facts: Ford said it plans to invest $850 million in its Wayne, Michigan, assembly plant. The company will also pump $150 million into its engine plant in Romeo, Michigan, and $200 million into a Michigan data center. Most of this investment was already agreed upon as part of a 2015 labor deal with the United Auto Workers union. At that time, Ford pledged to invest $700 million in Wayne and $150 million in Romeo, creating or retaining 130 jobs. So most of the news wasn't new. But the investment did ensure that the 3,700 workers in Wayne won't have their jobs shipped to Mexico anytime soon. Charter Communications On March 24, Charter Communications announced plans to invest $25 billion in the United States and to hire 20,000 American workers in the next four years. What Trump said: "Today, I am thrilled to announce that Charter Communications has just committed to investing $25 billion, with a 'B,'" Trump said in a joint announcement with the Charter chief executive in the Oval Office. He later tweeted his thanks. The facts: Charter, a telecommunications company, said it would invest $25 billion in broadband infrastructure and technology in the next four years. The company also committed to hiring 20,000 American workers during that period, and said it would bring back all overseas call centers and build a new call center in Texas. The 20,000 jobs, at least, have been in the works for more than a year. CEO Tom Rutledge said in 2015 that Charter would need to bring on 20,000 additional workers if the company's merger with Time Warner Cable and acquisition of Bright House Networks went through. A Charter spokesman reiterated the claim in April 2016. (Time Warner Cable is not affiliated with Time Warner, the owner of CNN.) The FCC approved the deal last May, and Rutledge said in January that the company had plans to hire 20,000 new employees within three years. Charter said Friday's announcement marked a firm commitment to hire, despite its earlier announcements. "We have spoken about our plans to hire 20k before but it wasn't a commitment," Charter spokesman Justin Venech told CNNMoney in an email. "Today we committed to a time frame of four years for those hires." The $25 billion investment, Venech said, had not been previously announced. General Motors (Part Two) On March 15, GM announced that it's adding or bringing back 900 U.S. jobs in Michigan over the next 12 months. What Trump said: "Just today -- breaking news -- General Motors announced that they're adding or keeping 900 jobs right here in Michigan," Trump said at a Detroit-area campaign speech after meeting with automakers. He added that the number of jobs in the region "would've been heading down big league if I didn't get elected." The facts: Just under 700 GM workers laid off earlier this month will get their jobs back. GM plans to reinstate 500 jobs at its Lansing plant in 2018, and it's creating 180 plant jobs in nearby Flint for accommodate some who were fired. The company will also hire 220 new workers at its plant in Romulus. GM did not directly attribute the announcement to Trump or his policies. The decision was predicated upon a "strong economy with a strong manufacturing sector," GM spokesman Tom Wickham said, as well as "anticipated strong demand" for crossover vehicles. However, the announcement came hours before Trump flew to Michigan to talk about fuel economy rules with top automakers, including GM CEO Mary Barra. "Today's event gave us a positive venue to share good news," Wickham said. The carmaker already announced in January that it would invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and create or retain 7,000 domestic jobs. ExxonMobil On March 6, CEO Darren Woods said the company is investing $20 billion in Gulf Coast manufacturing operations over 10 years, creating 45,000 jobs. What Trump said: Trump tweeted about the announcement five times, and the White House put out a laudatory press release. "This is a true American success story," the president said in a statement. Trump said in a video that Exxon's investment was happening "to a large extent because of our policies and the policies of this new administration." The facts: The jobs are part of an Exxon project called Growing the Gulf, which was launched in 2013 and aims to tap into the nation's shale boom. The company plans 11 natural gas projects along the Texas and Louisiana coasts. An ExxonMobil spokesman said he didn't know how many of the 45,000 jobs were created between 2013 and 2016. The investment is in line with Exxon's broader plans for growth. Woods has made natural gas a priority since he took the helm in January, and the company recently spent $5.6 billion to snap up shale assets in Texas and New Mexico. Exxon's press release announcing the jobs focused on the money to be made exporting chemicals linked to shale gas -- not on Trump. "These projects are export machines, generating products that high-growth nations need to support larger populations with higher standards of living," Woods said. "Those overseas markets are the motivation behind our investments." Still, Woods gave the White House a hat tip in a statement circulated by the president's team. "Investments of this scale require a pro-growth approach and a stable regulatory environment and we appreciate the President's commitment to both," Woods said. Intel On Feb. 8, Intel (INTC, Tech30) CEO Brian Krzanich announced at the White House that the tech giant would invest $7 billion in a new Arizona factory, creating 10,000 related jobs. What Trump said: Trump said at a press conference after the announcement that Intel "will move ahead with a new plant in Arizona that it was probably never going to move ahead with, and that will result in at least 10,000 American jobs." Trump also promoted the Intel news at a joint press conference with the Canadian prime minister. Trump said Intel is "coming in with billions and billions of dollars of investment and thousands and thousands of jobs" because he's moved to lower taxes and decrease regulation. The facts: The new computer chip factory will directly create about 3,000 "high-paying, high-wage, high-tech" jobs at its peak, according to Krzanich. In total, it will support more than 10,000 related jobs in the state. The investment was made "in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward," Krzanich said from the Oval Office. But the project isn't entirely Trump's doing. In fact, Intel previously announced a $5 billion investment in the same Arizona chip factory with former President Barack Obama in 2011. That money was used to build the "shell" of the factory, but it was left unfinished because of a lack of "general demand for the product," according to company spokesman William Moss. The project is resuming now that demand is picking up again. "We're making this investment now to meet demand that we now expect," Moss told CNNMoney. "That said, we certainly join other companies in supporting the administration's pro-business and pro-investment goals." General Motors (Part One) On Jan. 17, General Motors (GM) announced plans to invest at least $1 billion in U.S. factories. The company also committed to creating or retaining about 7,000 U.S. jobs in the next few years. What Trump said: Trump, then the president-elect, gave GM and Walmart a shout-out via Twitter the day of the announcement, thanking the companies "for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" The facts: GM plans to shift 450 jobs from supplier plants in Mexico back to the U.S., and has pledged to protect 1,500 factory jobs that were previously at risk of leaving the country. GM is also adding 5,000 jobs to its finance and technology operations. Details will be rolled out later this year. The company didn't mention Trump in its announcement. "As the U.S. manufacturing base increases its competitiveness, we are able to further increase our investment, resulting in more jobs for America and better results for our owners," GM CEO Mary Barra said in a statement. These plans have been in the works for some time, according to a company executive, and aren't part of any arrangement with President Trump. Still, GM has been eager to show the new administration that it's serious about domestic job creation. Trump has attacked the automaker for making cars in Mexico and threatened to hit its imports with a "big" border tax. Barra serves on Trump's economic advisory council. Walmart On Jan. 17, Walmart (WMT), which employs more workers than any other American business, said it would add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. What Trump said: Trump offered praise for Walmart in the tweet about GM. The facts: Walmart will add 10,000 jobs by expanding, renovating or relocating 59 Walmart and Sam's Club stores. It's also expanding online services. In addition, the project will create 24,000 temporary construction jobs, the company said. Walmart didn't mention Trump in its announcement. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," Walmart executive Dan Bartlett said in a statement. It's unclear whether Trump or his policies affected the decision, announced days before the inauguration. Walmart declined to comment. CEO Doug McMillon serves on Trump's economic advisory council. Lockheed Martin On Jan. 13, defense giant Lockheed Martin (LMT) said it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter jet program in Texas. What Trump said: Trump mentioned Lockheed Martin's job creation in a Jan. 18 tweet. He said the jobs "came back because of me!" The facts: Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson told reporters about the new jobs while leaving a meeting at with the president-elect at Trump Tower. She said Lockheed is "close to a deal" that will bring down the cost of the F-35 and bring "thousands and thousands of jobs" to the U.S. Trump criticized the cost of Lockheed Martin's F-35 program in late December. He said "the tremendous cost and cost overruns" led him to ask Boeing to price a comparable jet. Lockheed stock dropped. Lockheed has every reason to charm Trump: It is the largest U.S. government contractor, according to the most recent most recent data. But these new jobs would have been added with or without him. The positions Hewson announced are linked to production increases that have been in motion for years, a Lockheed spokesman told CNNMoney. Lockheed plans to deliver 150 jets in 2019, compared with 36 aircraft in 2014. Amazon On Jan. 12, Amazon (AMZN, Tech30) announced plans to create more than 100,000 U.S. jobs in the next 18 months. What Trump said: "The announcement was made after the president-elect met with heads of several other tech companies and urge them to keep their jobs and production inside the United States," Sean Spicer, the incoming press secretary, said on a call with reporters that day. "The president-elect was pleased to have played a role in that decision by Amazon." The facts: Amazon didn't mention Trump in its press release. "Innovation is one of our guiding principles at Amazon, and it's created hundreds of thousands of American jobs," Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos said in a statement. "These jobs are not just in our Seattle headquarters or in Silicon Valley -- they're in our customer service network, fulfillment centers and other facilities in local communities throughout the country." Amazon would probably add tens of thousands of jobs regardless of who is president. The e-commerce company is growing rapidly, and Amazon adds fulfillment centers each year to expand its shipping operations. "The bottom line is they were going to create jobs anyway, but it's the messaging that has changed," James Cakmak, an analyst with Monness, Crespi, Hardt, told CNNMoney. This announcement "appears to calibrate to current political sensitivities." During the campaign, Trump repeatedly took on Bezos. He said once that Amazon is "getting away with murder tax-wise." Chinese tech giant Alibaba On Jan. 9, Jack Ma, the founder of Alibaba (BABA, Tech30), met with Trump and promised to help create 1 million jobs in the U.S. through the company's e-commerce platforms. What Trump said: Ma "had no intention of doing it until I got elected," Trump said in an interview with Fox News. He also said Alibaba and other companies will spend a "tremendous amount of money" in the United States. The facts: Ma is on record as early as 2015 saying he wanted to create U.S. jobs by helping businesses sell American goods to China, and Asia generally, on Alibaba's e-commerce platform. After the January meeting, a reporter asked whether Ma and Trump talked about any investments in the U.S. "No," Ma replied. "We specifically talked about ... supporting 1 million businesses, especially in the Midwest of America." Alibaba's pledge to help create 1 million jobs in the U.S. is vague and misleading. Ma is not going to build factories. He is not planning to set up Alibaba operations centers that would employ tech-savvy Americans. And he is not touting a big investment. In other words, Ma isn't promising what most experts would define as job creation. He's talking about stimulating trade by helping 1 million small businesses sell American goods in China and Asia. Why the Midwest? Chinese consumers want more foreign food supplements and baby goods -- think milk products from a farm in Wisconsin. Fiat Chrysler On Jan. 8, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCAU) announced a $1 billion investment to expand factories in Ohio and Michigan, spurring the creation of 2,000 jobs by 2020. What Trump said: "It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs," Trump tweeted the next day. The facts: The announcement is the latest phase in an "industrialization plan" the company announced a year ago. In a 2015 deal with the United Auto Workers union, the company committed to investing $5.3 billion in American plants to open up additional union jobs. Fiat Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne said at a press conference that the decision was neither a response to Trump's pressure on the auto industry nor an effort to avoid Trump's ire. "I wish I could give him credit for this," Marchionne told reporters. "But the thinking was in place beforehand." Still, Trump's public criticism of GM and Ford factories in Mexico has surely made Fiat Chrysler and its investors wary. Marchionne called it "incredibly imprudent" for Chrysler to invest in Mexico until the industry gets some clarity on tariff threats. Ford On Jan. 3, Ford (F) announced that the company is canceling plans to build a plant in Mexico. Instead, the carmaker will invest $700 million in Michigan to create 700 U.S. jobs. What Trump said: Trump hailed Ford's decision on Twitter the next day. "Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S.," he tweeted. "This is just the beginning - much more to follow." After Fiat Chrysler's announcement the following week, the president-elect applauded Ford again. "Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico," he tweeted. "Thank you Ford & Fiat C!" The facts: The Ford Focus will now be built at an existing plant in Hermosillo, Mexico, and the $700 million investment in Ford's Flat Rock, Michigan, plant will allow the company to ramp up production of electric and self-driving cars. Ford CEO Mark Fields said the investment is a "vote of confidence" in the pro-business environment Trump is working to foster. However, he stressed that Ford did not negotiate a deal with the president-elect. "We didn't cut a deal with Trump," Fields told CNN's Poppy Harlow. "We did it for our business." Falling small car sales probably played a major role. At the same time, Trump's unrelenting criticism of Ford on the campaign trail could have been a factor. Last year, Ford announced that it would invest $1.6 billion to transfer production of the Focus from Michigan to Mexico as a cost-saving move. Trump repeatedly blasted the automaker for sending U.S. jobs to Mexico (Ford said no jobs would be lost because of the move) and threatened to place a 35% tariff on Ford vehicles made in Mexico and sold in the U.S. Japanese tech conglomerate SoftBank On Dec. 6, after meeting with Trump, SoftBank founder Masayoshi Son pledged to invest $50 billion and create 50,000 jobs. What Trump said: The president immediately claimed credit, tweeting, "Masa said he would never do this had we not won the election!" The facts: Before the election, SoftBank (SFTBF)and the government of Saudi Arabia said they were forming a $100 billion fund to invest in tech companies around the world. Son told The Wall Street Journal that the money he promised to Trump would come from the SoftBank Vision Fund. A SoftBank spokesman disputed that Son said the investment would come entirely from the Vision Fund, saying, "it is a commitment from SoftBank." SoftBank announced it would pump $1 billion into Florida startup OneWeb on Dec. 19, a move it said would create 3,000 jobs over the next four years. The company described the investment as "the first step" in Son's promise to Trump. But it is not clear how much of the huge investment would have ended up in the U.S. regardless of who won the White House. The OneWeb deal wasn't cobbled together after the election. Softbank had been in talks with the startup for "a long time," said SoftBank spokesman Matthew Nicholson. Sprint, which is also owned by SoftBank, confirmed late last year that it would "create or bring back to America" 5,000 jobs, also part of Son's commitment to create 50,000 jobs. Carrier On Nov. 30, air conditioning, heating and refrigeration company Carrier said it cut a deal with the incoming Trump administration to keep jobs in Indiana from moving to Mexico. What Trump said: Trump touted his team's involvement in the Carrier deal from the start. "I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana)," he tweeted on Nov. 24. "MAKING PROGRESS." Once the deal was inked, Trump visited the plant to claim a victory. "Carrier stepped it up, and now they're keeping -- actually, the number is over 1,100 people," he said. "Which is so great." The facts: The company said the deal was possible because the incoming administration emphasized "its commitment to support the business community and create an improved, more competitive U.S. business climate." It also credits an incentive package offered by the state of Indiana. Carrier says the agreement really saved 800 jobs -- not 1,100 -- from moving to Mexico. The company confirmed to CNNMoney that it never planned to move 300 administrative and engineering positions from Indianapolis. Carrier will receive $7 million in financial incentives from the state of Indiana over the next 10 years -- a fraction of what Carrier expected to save if it moved the jobs to Mexico. Carrier's parent company, United Technologies (UTX), is a major defense contractor. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 17, 2017: 2:28 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Amazon buys Souq in big play for Middle East market 'Fearless Girl' statue will stay through early next year Conservative media at a crossroads early in Trump era Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until May 2018 with this card Top 7 credit cards for those with excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived The Motley Fool Paid Partner Trump's plan could make investors very wealthy This stock could be like buying Amazon for $3.19 Legendary tech investor boldly endorses one stock Motley Fool issues rare triple-buy alert Apple quietly leases 5,000 acre abandoned military base Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Tue, Mar 28, 2017 - Page 10　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp China Southern, American talk potential sale of shares SOARING NUMBERS:The deal with boost American’s presence in China, which is expected to surpass the US as the world’s biggest air travel market by 2024 Bloomberg Shares of China Southern Airlines Co (中國南方航空) advanced to their highest level in almost three months after Asia’s biggest carrier said it is in talks to sell a stake to American Airlines Group Inc. The negotiations are over “a possible major strategic cooperation with American Airlines, involving among others, proposed issue of shares of the company and other business cooperation,” China Southern said in an exchange filing on Sunday. The stock, which resumed trading yesterday, rose 5.3 percent in Hong Kong to HK$5.74, its highest intraday level since Jan. 4. Trading in the Guangzhou-based operator has been suspended since Thursday after Bloomberg News reported that Fort Worth, Texas-based American would likely make an investment of about US$200 million in China Southern’s Hong Kong-listed shares through a private placement. American would nominate an observer without voting rights to the company’s board, according to people familiar with the matter. The companies have not reached a binding or definitive agreement, and the cooperation might not proceed, China Southern said in its statement. For American, a deal would strengthen its presence in the Chinese market after rival Delta Air Lines Inc acquired a minority stake in China Eastern Airlines Corp (中國東方航空) in 2015. China Southern would be the last of the nation’s top three airlines to bring in a non-Chinese strategic investor. Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd (國泰航空), which is based in Hong Kong, owns about 18 percent of flag carrier Air China Ltd (中國國際航空). “All big US carriers will be making deals of one kind or another with major airlines all over Asia and certainly within China,” former American chairman Robert Crandall said yesterday. “These things are going to grow and because of the network nature of the airline industry, everybody is going to play and everybody needs to play.” An agreement would help boost the expansion plans of China Southern, which indicated in January that it was considering bringing in strategic investors. The carrier has been adding routes to Australia, New Zealand and countries in Southeast Asia as it competes with China Eastern and Air China. A tie-up would increase China Southern’s visibility in the US, said Will Horton, a senior analyst at the CAPA Centre for Aviation in Hong Kong. “China Southern may be the largest airline in Asia, but it’s relatively unknown in the US,” Horton said. “US consumer mind-set changes if American is putting cash in: China Southern isn’t just another airline or partner, it’s a carrier American believes in.” Separately, shares of China Southern are to remain suspended in Shanghai until further notice, the carrier said. China Southern and its subsidiaries have ordered more than US$15 billion of new aircraft from Boeing Co and Airbus Group SE since 2015 as more people fly in the world’s most populous nation. The International Air Transport Association predicts China is to surpass the US to become the world’s biggest air travel market in terms of passengers by 2024. Any stake sale by China Southern might be part of the government’s efforts to diversify ownership of state-controlled enterprises. Authorities in Beijing have urged firms in industries including power, energy, defense and aviation to take measures this year to broaden ownership. China Southern, Delta and China Eastern are members of the SkyTeam global airline alliance. American is in the competing Oneworld group, which does not have a China-based partner. 1 2 NEXT › This story has been viewed 2571 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-03-22 to 2017-03-29 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Some immigrants no longer need to give up citizenship 2 High-level Japanese official visits 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Brawl follows China ice hockey game 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 Tsai is world’s 8th-greatest leader: ‘Fortune’ 2 Regardless of belief, DNA can be gay 3 The 60th anniversary of the EU 4 Some immigrants no longer need to give up citizenship 5 Search on for Taiwanese hikers in Nepal MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Bank of England stress tests held up as "toughest ever". They need to be Every year the tests have been conducted one or more banks have failed James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Monday 27 March 2017 16:56 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The Bank of England's stress tests have been described as the toughest ever Every year that the Bank of England has run stress tests on Britain’s banks, one or other of them have failed.  What tends to happen is this: The regulators dream up an economic nasty and tell the banks to run it against their balance sheets as they were at the end of the previous year.   One or two of the banks end up looking as if they would struggle in the event the nightmare scenario happens. They have to come up with some sort of plan to fix their capital issues in a hurry. They present it to the Bank. It grants them a retrospective pass if the plan passes muster.  Read more Bank stress test models weak profits and more fines for lenders RBS shares drop after it fails Bank of England stress test Oldest bank in world would go bust in crisis according to EBA Last year, for example, Barclays looked shaky. However, it was deemed to have passed because in between the end of 2015 and the unveiling of the test results, it had sold part of its African business and raised capital.  RBS caused a bit more of a scare, rushing out a statement to say that it would take a range of actions to plug the hole identified were it to have found itself in the stressed scenario. The Bank gave it the necessary grade, but the market got spooked, and no wonder.  The tests are particularly important this year because, with the Brexit process set to start, Britain is at a much higher risk of entering a “stressed scenario”. This time it really could hit the fan.  “Risks to financial stability will be influenced by the orderliness of the adjustment to the new relationship between the UK and the European Union,” the Bank opined.   In other words, if the two sides don't play nice we're in for it. Oh dear.  The Bank's stress scenario takes that "oh dear" into account. As with last year, it envisages unemployment spiking to 9.5 per cent, combined with a 33 per cent fall in house prices. UK GDP falls by 4.7 per cent, but base rates increase to 4 per cent. Global GDP contracts by 2.4 per cent and  Chinese GDP by 1.2 per cent.   The UK struggles as overseas investors fight shy of UK assets, making it harder (and much more expensive) for the Government to borrow money.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters In addition, there is the first of what will be a biennial look at how banks cope with a longer term horror, “severe and synchronised stress” to the global economy, including weak trade and UK interest rates falling to 0 per cent.  The results, which we will see towards the end of the year, will make for interesting, and perhaps disturbing, reading. And there will be two naughty steps. It’ll be a minor miracle if they’re both empty.  This year’s tests are held up as the “toughest ever”. They need to be.  More about: Stress tests Bank Of England Banks Barclays RBS Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Tuesday 28 March 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Oman Air, Lufthansa sign codeshare deal MUSCAT, 1 days ago Oman Air is continuing its expansion across Europe and North America by signing a new partnership agreement with Lufthansa. Under the new agreement, guests on Oman Air can connect to 59 destinations across Europe and North America from Lufthansa’s Frankfurt and Munich hubs on an interline basis. At the same time, Lufthansa will codeshare with Oman Air on Oman Air operated services from both Frankfurt and Munich to Muscat, allowing their guests to experience the hospitality and outstanding service of Oman Air. In order to provide Oman Air’s guests with a seamless travel experience whilst connecting in Frankfurt and Munich, Oman Air will be moving terminals in Frankfurt to the Lufthansa operated terminals in Frankfurt terminal 1 and Munich terminal 2. Oman Air will also be re-timing its current services to Frankfurt to arrive and depart Frankfurt during the morning to facilitate connections in Frankfurt to Europe and North America in under three hours. Furthermore, as a commitment to the new opportunities open to Oman Air’s guests with this partnership, Oman Air will be operating its brand new Boeing Dreamliner 787-9 between Muscat and Frankfurt. Chief executive officer of Oman Air, Paul Gregorowitsch, said: “Strategic codeshares are a crucial way for us to broaden customer choice. Our relationship with Lufthansa is a very important development for Oman Air allowing us to offer even better connectivity in Europe and the North Atlantic and we are delighted to be operating one of newest additions to the fleet, the Boeing Dreamliner on the Muscat to Frankfurt route.” This latest agreement, in addition to the new routes already announced in 2017, demonstrates Oman Air’s unwavering progress to becoming a successful, sustainable company of the highest quality. - TradeArabia News Service Tags: Oman | Lufthansa | codeshare | Air | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Hotel wi-fi specialist secures $2.1m to fund growth overseas Turkey welcomed around 40,000 tourists from Bahrain UAE's Strata creates ME's first 3D-printed aircraft interior part Middle East theme park market to see remarkable growth Oman Air takes off to Nairobi Qatar Airways to buy 100 planes; eyes India airline Overtourism 'becoming a critical issue' Germany to welcome 3.6m GCC visitors by 2030 Dubai passenger traffic up 8.8pc in February Riyadh Travel Fair targets millennial tourist market Gulf Air launches flight status facility on website New resort mayor for Jannah Resort & Villas RAK AccorHotels to manage new Fairmont property in Egypt Minor Hotels to open new property in RAK Yas Mall Spring Festival kicks off this weekend ‘Bahrain for All’ festival organisers meet Region's largest amusement industry show opens Bahrain Tourism Authority reveals event lineup for April Etihad's luxurious Dreamliner flies daily to Amman Almosafer launches flight booking service The Sheraton Grand Hotel, Dubai offers Friday brunch Tickets on sale for Abu Dhabi Grand Prix India attracts Omani visitors with reduced visa fees Jumeira Rotana, Villa Rotana participate in Earth Hour Mövenpick Hotel West Bay Doha marks Earth Hour Chinese tourist arrivals to Sharjah up 63pc India remains top tourism source market for GCC states Sterner named Yas Viceroy Abu Dhabi GM 'The Yard' Food Festival opens in Bahrain Alitalia to cut 2,000 jobs Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Super subsidies — New report: NASA spends 72 cents of every SLS dollar on overhead costs Report suggests NASA should become a customer, just like the US Air Force. Eric Berger - Mar 27, 2017 1:33 pm UTC Enlarge / An artist's conception of an SLS launch. NASA reader comments 182 Share this story After President George W. Bush announced a plan to return to the Moon and move on to Mars in 2004, NASA began to consider how best to carry out that vision. Although there were some promising private-sector rockets even then, administrator Michael Griffin set the agency on the course of building its own rockets and spacecraft. Those programs have evolved into the Space Launch System rocket and Orion spacecraft. Further ReadingHow I learned to stop worrying and love the big $60B NASA rocket Since then, according to a new report published by the nonpartisan think tank Center for a New American Security, NASA has spent $19 billion on rockets, first on Ares I and V, and now on the SLS. Additionally, the agency has spent $13.9 billion on the Orion spacecraft. The agency hopes to finally fly its first crewed mission with the new vehicles in 2021. If it does so, the report estimates the agency will have spent $43 billion before that first flight, essentially a reprise of the Apollo 8 mission around the Moon. These costs can then be compared to the total cost of the entire Apollo program, which featured six separate human landings on the Moon. According to two separate estimates, the Apollo program cost between $100 billion and $110 billion in 2010 dollars. Thus just the development effort for SLS and Orion, which includes none of the expenses related to in-space activities or landing anywhere, are already nearly half that of the Apollo program. Overhead costs The new report argues that, given these high costs, NASA should turn over the construction of rockets and spacecraft to the private sector. It buttresses this argument with a remarkable claim about the "overhead" costs associated with the NASA-led programs. These costs entail the administration, management, and development costs paid directly to the space agency—rather than funds spend on contractors actually building the space hardware. For Orion, according to the report, approximately 56 percent of the program's cost, has gone to NASA instead of the main contractor, Lockheed Martin, and others. For the SLS rocket and its predecessors, the estimated fraction of NASA-related costs is higher—72 percent. This means that only about $7 billion of the rocket's $19 billion has gone to the private sector companies, Boeing, Orbital ATK, Aeroject Rocketdyne, and others cutting metal. Further ReadingAs Trump takes over, NASA considers alternatives to its Orion spacecraft By comparison the report also estimates NASA's overhead costs for the commercial cargo and crew programs, in which SpaceX, Boeing, and Orbital ATK are developing and providing cargo and astronaut delivery systems for the International Space Station. With these programs, NASA has ceded some control to the private companies, allowing them to retain ownership of the vehicles and design them with other customers in mind as well. With such fixed-price contracts, the NASA overhead costs for these programs is just 14 percent, the report finds. "The government should leave the design work and ownership of the product to the private sector," the report recommends. "NASA engineers and administrators in turn might be very skilled, but their priorities tend to focus on management and regulation. If NASA or the Air Force require a service they should request it from the private market, becoming a customer like everyone else. This will result in increased competition and performance at a lower cost." Eric Berger Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston. Email eric.berger@arstechnica.com // Twitter @SciGuySpace reader comments 182 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Cobham Faces Insider Probe Over 500 Million-Pound Share Sale by Suzi Ring @journosooz More stories by Suzi Ring and Benjamin D Katz @_benkatz More stories by Benjamin D Katz March 27, 2017, 6:58 AM EDT March 27, 2017, 8:43 AM EDT U.K. aerospace supplier referred to FCA’s enforcement division Investigation is latest blow for aerial-refueling specialist Cobham Plc is being investigated by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority for its handling of inside information prior to a 500 million-pound ($630 million) rights offering announced almost a year ago. The British maker of defense electronics and air-to-air refueling gear was told on Friday that the matter had been referred to the FCA’s enforcement division, according to a statement from the company Monday, which said a separate rights issue proposed this month “remains on track.” Shares of Cobham fell as much as 4.1 percent after the disclosure and were trading down 1.8 percent at 125.90 pence as of 1:16 p.m. in London. That extends their decline this year to 23 percent and reduces the company’s market value to 2.17 billion pounds. The probe is the latest blow to Cobham after it endured five profit warnings in 18 months, capped by more than 830 million pounds in charges and goodwill impairments linked to work on Boeing Co.’s delayed KC-46 tanker plane and the purchase of semiconductor-maker Aeroflex. Cobham said it intends to cooperate with the FCA investigation, which concerns the “handling of inside information” prior to an April 26 trading update that also disclosed plans for the rights offering, and that it will update the market on the outcome in due course. The FCA declined to comment. Bob Murphy, who was Cobham’s chief executive officer at the time of the trading update, left in December as earnings came under pressure, with Chairman John Devaney departing on Jan. 1. Current CEO David Lockwood pledged this month to review the “breadth” of Cobham’s business after announcing a further 500 million-pound share issue needed to pay down borrowings and help comply with debt covenants. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval Risk Rout Eases as U.S. Stocks, Dollar Trim Losses: Markets Wrap Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment BT gets record fine, Tesco has a big one coming, but are these penalties effective? The financial impact will be limited when set against these companies’ revenues and earnings James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Monday 27 March 2017 12:00 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The level of financial discomfort to BT and its shareholders is more along the lines of what you might expect from a ’flu jab than anything more serious Reuters You could almost hear the wrists being slapped in the City as the week got started with news of one corporate fine alongside speculation over the size of another.  BT is the company where the size of the penalty is known. It was told to pay £42m for failures at Openreach, which owns the network of cables used by most broadband companies. It will also have to make good with its corporate customers, who constantly complain about the service they receive, to the tune of £300m.  Now, the headlines all read “record penalty” because it is. But let’s give a bit of context to the numbers.   Read more BT slapped with £42m Ofcom fine for regulatory breaches at Openreach Thames Water fined £20.3m for polluting the River Thames with sewage Plusnet fined £880,000 by Ofcom for billing former customers In just the third quarter of its current financial year, BT Group generated £6.1bn in revenue, and made a profit of £526m on that.  The combined penalty, including the compensation, therefore represents about two months’ worth of earnings, and just over a week’s worth of revenue.  If you wanted to set the penalty against just Openreach’s numbers, it represents less than a month of revenues.  Painful? Undoubtedly. But the level of financial discomfort to BT and its shareholders is more along the lines of what you might expect from a ’flu jab than anything more serious. It hurts a bit at first, and is often sore for a few days afterwards, but that’s all.  It’s a bit harder to conduct that exercise with Tesco, given we don’t know the exact amount it will pay via a plea deal with the Serious Fraud Office, which has been investigating the accounting fraud that saw the grocer overstating profits by £250m in 2014.  However, the predictions that the settlement could reach £500m have been moderated to “well in excess of £100m”.  For argument’s sake, let’s put the amount at £150m. One of the first rules of financial journalism is that you make numbers look as big as possible at the outset to get people interested. Anything above £151m and people would be talking about “nearly £200m” in their headlines under rounding conventions, so I’m going for the biggest figure below that (admittedly this isn’t very scientific).  Now, for the first half of its current financial year, which excludes the Christmas period, Tesco generated sales including fuel, but excluding VAT, of £27.34bn against which a fine of that level isn’t even a pinprick. It’s a rounding error.  Operating profits came in at £596m, excluding one-off “exceptional items” which is the column the fine will be included in when it is booked. Assuming I’m even close to being right, my estimated penalty represents about a quarter of the company’s interim operating profits, a bit above what it makes in six weeks at a quiet time of the year.  Again, painful, but manageable in the way that a winter cold is manageable.  I keep getting told executives, and boards, get very upset when the companies that they run are fined for any reason, and that they take such penalties very seriously.  Seriously enough for the executives to feel the impact in their bonuses? We’ll see, shall we? Past history says they usually get paid. The people in charge at the time of the wrongdoing have often left by the time the regulators act.   Seriously enough to take meaningful steps outside of the by now standard statements of regret and promises to do better issued in statements accompanying fine announcements? To be fair, Tesco has taken action. Fraud is about as serious as it gets for a plc and, since that profit overstatement came to light, a new executive team has been hired and the board has been purged.  I would just venture to suggest that the punishment still won’t entirely reflect the seriousness of the crime if the reports are correct, but we’ll see.  Back to BT. Will its penalty pay prompt the sort of investment required to fix Openreach, which Ofcom has made a legally independent part of the group? It’s an open question.  The bigger question, about whether fining big companies is effective when it comes to getting them to behave, remains.  Banks only really started to take the issue seriously when the Americans started throwing billion-dollar penalties around.  Critics have complained that the Obama era Department of Justice indulged in a “shakedown” of financial institutions. There certainly doesn’t appear to be much in the way of science when it comes to how its penalties were set. But the banks have surely had to take notice.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Even somnolent institutional shareholders start to get chippy when billions of dollars are poured down the regulatory drain. There have been instances where they’ve been sufficiently upset that the bosses they employ have seen their bonuses clipped.  Fines have been rising in this country, but British regulators have fought shy of American practices, even argued against them, while talking up the virtues of the bad publicity companies that get hit receive, and the message that is sent by that.  But if they are right, and imposing fines at the sort of level we are currently seeing combined with that bad PR is effective, then why does it happen so often?  More about: Tesco BT Fines OFCOM Serious Fraud Office Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Government to pay nearly £100m to US energy companies for botched decommissioning tender Greg Clark said that the Government had settled outstanding litigation claims filed by Energy Solutions and Bechtel in relation to the Magnox contract Josie Cox Business Editor Monday 27 March 2017 18:57 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Mr Clarke said that the inquiry into the tender process, will take a “cradle to grave” approach Getty The Government has announced that it is paying two US energy companies close to £100m for botching the way in which it awarded a major nuclear decommissioning contract for a dozen redundant sites two and a half years ago. In a written statement on Monday, Energy Secretary Greg Clark said that the Government had settled outstanding litigation claims filed by Energy Solutions, headquartered in Utah, and Bechtel, based in California, in relation to the 2014 contract award, known as Magnox. The Government’s Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA) ran a £6.1bn tender process from April 2012 to September 2014. A 14-year contract for decommissioning work was awarded to the Cavendish Fluor Partnership (CFP) – a joint venture between UK-based Cavendish Nuclear, which is a subsidiary of Babcock International, and the US company Fluor. But those who lost out immediately took legal action against the decision. Read more UN asks UK government to pause Hinkley nuclear reactor development On Monday, Mr Clark said that it is now clear that this 2012 tender process “was flawed” and that an inquiry would be launched into the process, led by Steve Holliday, the former chief executive of National Grid. He also said that the Government was terminating the existing contract, prompting shares in Babcock to fall more than 3 per cent. After work started in 2014, the NDA became aware of a “significant mismatch between the work that was specified in the contract as tendered in 2012 and awarded in 2014, and the work that actually needs to be done”, said Mr Clark. As a result, material changes were necessary to the specification on which bidders were invited to tender. The contract with CFP will be terminated in September 2019. Read more Offshore wind power set to be cheaper than nuclear, closing in on coal UN: Nuclear power plants open to 'nightmare scenario' hacking attack Critics slam ‘out of date technology’ as Hinkley Point plan approved Mr Clark said that the inquiry into the tender process, will take a “cradle to grave” approach, “beginning with the NDA’s procurement and ending with the contract termination”. “This was a defective procurement, with significant financial consequences, and I am determined that the reasons for it should be exposed and understood; that those responsible should properly be held to account; and that it should never happen again,” he said. A High Court judgement last July already found the NDA guilt of wrongly deciding the outcome of the procurement process. The NDA appealed that judgement but said on Monday that it had dropped the appeal and would pay Energy Solutions a total of around £85m and Bechtel around £12.5m. Trade union Prospect’s general secretary, Mike Clancy, called the situation “extraordinary” given “the scale and importance of the Magnox contract to the UK nuclear industry.” The union said that this should be a “wake-up call” for the Government to review how work like this is conducted. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters   “The byzantine complexity of the contractual relationships involved do not provide either transparency or confidence,” it said in a statement. “Prospect will continue to push for the Government to invest and develop the skills and capacity for the UK nuclear industry to thrive, but considers that a review of the work and purpose of the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority would be timely.” More about: Nuclear Decommissioning Authority Energy Solutions Bechtel Greg Clark Cavendish Fluor Partnership Babcock Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Breaking911 Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Home Politics Lockheed’s $29 billion helicopter poised to win Pentagon’s approval Politics U.S. Lockheed’s $29 billion helicopter poised to win Pentagon’s approval March 27, 2017 0 620 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Photo Source: Twitter The Pentagon is poised to review — and probably approve — a new helicopter from Lockheed Martin to transport heavy cargo for the Marine Corps in a program valued at as much as $29 billion. The Defense Acquisition Board has scheduled a March 30 meeting to review whether to approve low-rate production for the first 24 of a planned 200 King Stallion helicopters. The initial contract would cover two of the aircraft capable of lifting 27,000 pounds (12,200 kilograms), according to Defense Department documents. Quantities would grow annually, to four next year and 14 in fiscal 2021, according to the latest published acquisition report. Approval to proceed would be the first major acquisition decision under Defense Secretary James Mattis. It would also begin to unlock the revenue Lockheed expects to reap from sales, spares and repairs over the life of the program. The latest budget plan increases spending to $1.9 billion in fiscal 2020 from $892 million this year, including development. The “big” revenue potential for the helicopter designated the CH-53K was the primary incentive for Lockheed’s $9 billion acquisition of the Sikorsky helicopter unit from United Technologies Corp. in 2015, Bruce Tanner, Lockheed’s chief financial officer, said in an interview. He said the King Stallion is the same size as its predecessor, the Super Stallion, but can haul triple the cargo. “Frankly, when we acquired Sikorsky it was the 53K program that drove most of our valuation as to why we wanted to own Sikorsky,” Tanner said. “It was the fact of that aircraft.” The King Stallion has international sales potential as well, and discussions are under way with Germany and Israel, Tanner said. “From a revenue perspective it is going to be the lion’s share of what we expect from Sikorsky for the next 10 to 15 years, probably, once it gets into production,” Tanner said. The helicopter’s potential was overshadowed as Lockheed wrestled with accounting-control weaknesses and plummeting commercial helicopter deliveries at Sikorsky. Cheap fuel prices have slowed offshore oil and gas drilling and sapped demand for the large helicopters that industry uses to ferry people and equipment. Deliveries of commercial choppers are expected to generate less than $300 million in revenue this year, down from sales of about $1.25 billion in 2014, before Lockheed’s acquisition, according to estimates by Jefferies. The King Stallion should generate more than $500 million this year for Lockheed, according to Howard Rubel, a defense analyst at Jefferies. The Marines will probably be the biggest customer, although there’s a chance the Navy could join in if it needs to add a craft with larger capacity, Richard Aboulafia, a defense analyst with the Teal Group, said in an email. The commercial market is less promising. “Much of the world heavy lift market has gone with Boeing’s CH-47 over the past few decades,” Aboulafia said. “The CH-53K might be too big and expensive to change that.” Democratic Rep. Niki Tsongas questioned the helicopter’s currently projected production cost of $122 million per chopper at a congressional hearing on March 10. That’s “a heck of a lot of money,” Tsongas said. “And even if there is no additional cost growth, it seems worth pointing out that $122 million per aircraft” exceeds the current cost of Lockheed’s F-35. The latest Air Force model of the advanced fighter jet is estimated to cost $94 million each, including engines. The King Stallion’s cost is estimated to drop below $89 million after full-rate production begins, Marine Lieutenant General Gary Thomas, deputy for programs, said at the hearing. “That’s still very expensive and we’re working very hard with” Lockheed “to keep the cost down and to drive value for the taxpayer.” A spokesman for the Pentagon’s test office said in an email that the helicopter is on course to meet its key performance parameters for range, payload and reliability, citing a Feb. 24 assessment. Army Lt. Col. Roger Cabiness said the helicopter has so far demonstrated it’s reliable and available 85 percent of the time needed — exceeding the 83 percent required at this point. The King Stallion has demonstrated to date that it has the capability to support the “most stressing” Marine missions, Cabiness said. Still, one of the helicopter’s most serious problems is the high temperature of engine exhaust from two of its three engines, which must be fixed, the testing office assessment found. “We will continue to track system maturation as we further demonstrate the capabilities of the aircraft and implement any needed improvements,” Mike Torok, Lockheed’s program manager for the CH-53K, said in an email. “We remain confident as we head toward” the Pentagon decision. (c) 2017, Bloomberg · Facebook Comment SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleIllegal Alien Attempts to Abduct Woman In Horrific Incident Near Texas-Mexico Border Next articleWells Fargo rolls out card-free access at all of its ATMs - Follow Us 177,424FansLike 184,513FollowersFollow 854SubscribersSubscribe Breaking Trump moves decisively to wipe out Obama’s climate-change record March 28, 2017 President Trump declines Nationals’ invitation to throw out first pitch on... March 28, 2017 What a murdered former Russian lawmaker said in one of his... March 28, 2017 NFL approves centralized replay, puts off consideration of shortened overtime March 28, 2017 Border agents beat an illegal immigrant to death. The U.S. is... March 28, 2017 Trending Springfield Police Department Releases Video of Officer Fight – [NSFW] March 21, 2017 Abu Izzadeen aka Trevor Brooks Reported By Local Media To Be... March 22, 2017 Amber Alert Issued for 2 Indiana Kids In ‘Extreme Danger’ January 2, 2017 Border Patrol Agents Arrest 9, Seize Over 700 Pounds of Marijuana March 23, 2017 RAW VIDEO: 2 EMTs Run Over By Stolen Ambulance In NYC... March 16, 2017 Recommended Trump moves decisively to wipe out Obama’s climate-change record March 28, 2017 President Trump declines Nationals’ invitation to throw out first pitch on... March 28, 2017 What a murdered former Russian lawmaker said in one of his... March 28, 2017 Buzz Trump moves decisively to wipe out Obama’s climate-change record March 28, 2017 President Trump declines Nationals’ invitation to throw out first pitch on... March 28, 2017 Border agents beat an illegal immigrant to death. The U.S. is... March 28, 2017 Popular Topics U.S.22528 Video2007 Crime1595 Tech1350 Terrorism1154 Politics1041 International908 Weather752 © Copyright 2017 | Breaking911 All rights reserved
Executive Mosaic GovCon Wire ExecutiveBiz GovCon Executive GovCon Exec Magazine POC Executive Gov Latest News Acquisition & Procurement Civilian Agencies Defense & National Security Technology Health IT Profiles About Us Contact Us Home / Latest News / GAO: Air Force’s KC-46 Tanker Modernization Program Meets Cost, Performance Targets GAO: Air Force’s KC-46 Tanker Modernization Program Meets Cost, Performance Targets Jane Edwards March 27, 2017 Latest News, Resources 180 Views The Government Accountability Office has found that the U.S. Air Force’s $44 billion tanker modernization program that aims to replace a third of the service branch’s KC-135 aerial refueling planes with Boeing-built KC-46 aircraft has met performance and cost targets due to few changes in engineering requirements. GAO said in a report published Friday the KC-46 tanker modernization program’s total procurement cost estimate dropped from $51.7 billion in 2011 to $44.3 billion in January. The decline in the total acquisition cost estimate represents a 14 percent, or approximately $7.3 billion, reduction since the initial 2011 estimate. The report also showed a 14-month delay in the delivery of the first 18 KC-46 tanker planes. Boeing was originally scheduled to hand over 18 KC-46s and nine wing air refueling pods to the Air Force by August 2017, but was allowed to move the delivery of the assets to October 2018 due to delays in flight tests and ongoing certification process under the Federal Aviation Administration. The company must need to complete an average of at least 1,700 testing phases for each month between February and September 2017, the congressional budget watchdog added. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags aerial refueling Boeing cost estimate FAA featured Federal Aviation Administration GAO govcon Government Accountability Office KC-135 kc-46 schedule delay tanker modernization program U.S. Air Force Related Articles DHS Adds Encryption Requirement to Radio Equipment Compliance Standards March 28, 2017 DoD Buzz: Marine Corps Solicits Small Unit Training Ideas from Federal Employees March 28, 2017 Trump Picks Jared Kushner to Lead New White House Innovation Office March 28, 2017 Check Also AFRL to Open F-35 Coatings Application Booth in October at Hill Air Force Base The Advanced Power Technology Office within the Air Force Research Laboratory currently maintains a coatings … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sponsor Sponsor Recent Posts Profile: John Edwards CIO of the CIA, IT Enterprise Director DHS Adds Encryption Requirement to Radio Equipment Compliance Standards DoD Buzz: Marine Corps Solicits Small Unit Training Ideas from Federal Employees Trump Picks Jared Kushner to Lead New White House Innovation Office AFRL to Open F-35 Coatings Application Booth in October at Hill Air Force Base Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 GovConWire ASRC Federal Gets $100M Contract for DHS Law Enforcement Training Center Support; Mark Gray Comments Northrop to Provide Gun Mission Modules for Navy LCS Under $812M Deal Lockheed Martin Works With Suppliers for $5B Savings Goal in F-35 Program Lockheed Martin to Update Navy EW System Under $98M Contract Modification Germany Eyes Potential $966M Buy of 6 Lockheed-Built C-130J Aircraft ASRC Federal Unit to Support EPA Info Management Systems Under $250M Contract; Mark Gray Comments Lockheed Martin to Support DoD Efforts Against Cyber Crime Under $347M Contract AECOM JV Lands Spot Under $240M Radiological Remediation Contract With Navy Jacobs to Support Systems Dev’t at USAF Bases Under $205M Task Order; Darren Kraabel Comments Parsons Names New Business Dev’t EVP for Federal Group; Carey Smith Comments Sponsor About ExecutiveGov ExecutiveGov, published by Executive Mosaic, is a site dedicated to the news and headlines in the federal government. ExecutiveGov serves as a news source for the hot topics and issues facing federal government departments and agencies such as Gov 2.0, cybersecurity policy, health IT, green IT and national security. We also aim to spotlight various federal government employees and interview key government executives whose impact resonates beyond their agency. ExecutiveBiz ASRC Federal Gets $100M Contract for DHS Law Enforcement Training Center Support; Mark Gray Comments Northrop to Provide Gun Mission Modules for Navy LCS Under $812M Deal Lockheed Martin Works With Suppliers for $5B Savings Goal in F-35 Program Lockheed Martin to Update Navy EW System Under $98M Contract Modification Germany Eyes Potential $966M Buy of 6 Lockheed-Built C-130J Aircraft ASRC Federal Unit to Support EPA Info Management Systems Under $250M Contract; Mark Gray Comments @Follow Me Kongsberg supported development of combat system trainer for New Zealand navy #GovCon https://t.co/mBhWwdC12Q50 mins ago .@USArmy plans robotic mule procurement #GovCon https://t.co/7Msn3M1bLL2 hours ago .@DARPA eyes new concept for undersea payload delivery via XLUUV #GovCon https://t.co/sS1KLOkaN22 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
TSX climbs on gold and resources, Wall Street finishes with mixed results | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Drug bust Red Bull heir Speeding Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement TSX climbs on gold and resources, Wall Street finishes with mixed results A man walks past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2017. (AP / Shizuo Kambayashi) Linda Nguyen, The Canadian Press Published Sunday, March 26, 2017 11:40PM EDT Last Updated Monday, March 27, 2017 5:19PM EDT TORONTO -- Climbing gold and resource stocks helped push Canada's largest stock index higher Monday as it finished ahead of its U.S. counterparts. The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index climbed 63.55 points to 15,506.22. One of the stocks with the biggest movements of the session was Quebec-based aerospace company Heroux-Devtek after it reported its bid for a new contract with the U.S. military was rejected. Shares in Heroux-Devtek (TSX:HRX) closed down 9.3 per cent to $11.52 on the TSX after reaching a 52-week low of $11.06. Meanwhile, indexes were mixed in New York as investors questioned whether U.S. President Donald Trump will be able to execute on his pro-growth plans after last week's failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 45.74 points to 20,550.98, the S&P 500 index lost 2.39 points to 2,341.59 and the Nasdaq composite index was ahead 11.63 points to 5,840.37. Wall Street had been down sharply at the open, but pared its losses by mid-day. Canadian markets strategist Craig Fehr said the Trump rally that was kicked off with the Republican candidate's win in mid-November has been built on expectations that his agenda of tax cuts and massive infrastructure spending will get passed. Last Friday was an indicator that this may not be as easy as first thought. Even so, Fehr, who works at Edward Jones in St. Louis, doesn't think investors should panic yet that the current bull market is nearing the finish line. "It's really a reflection in my opinion of just how strong and steady the markets have been when a one or two per cent pullback now is being perceived as harbinger of what's to come," he said. "Economic growth combined with a rebound of corporate earnings combined with still low levels of interest rates is a pretty strong recipe for a continuation for this bull market. It just wont be as smooth as we have come to enjoy recently." In currencies, the Canadian dollar was trading at 74.76 cents US, up 0.02 of a U.S. cent. Oil prices, which usually trades in tandem with the loonie, were lower. The May crude contract was down two cents at US$47.73 per barrel after OPEC said over the weekend it was open to extending its current production cuts by another six months. The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed in late November to cut its production by 1.2 million barrels a day, the first reduction agreed to by the 14-member cartel since 2008. Eleven other non-OPEC oil-producing countries pledged in December to cut an additional 558,000 barrels a day, reaching an overall reduction of 1.8 million barrels per day. In other commodities, May natural gas contracts lost two cents at US$3.13 per mmBTU, the April gold contract was up $7.20 at US$1,255.70 an ounce and May copper contracts were unchanged at US$2.63 a pound. Report Error MOST WATCHED false Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Little regard for science? Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Lift 'job-killing restrictions' Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Drake's Amsterdam fans furious Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Family filing lawsuit Air Date: March 28, 2017 false What dancers do when their flight's delayed Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Canada helps U.S. Coast Guard Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Horses cause highway havoc Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Canada helps U.S. Coast Guard Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV Toronto: World record of most Einsteins Air Date: March 28, 2017 false Extended: Aftermath of massive cocaine seizure Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV National News: Marijuana legalization timeline Air Date: March 27, 2017 More news from Business North American stock indexes register gains, dollar up a nudge Outlook still uncertain despite positive data, says Bank of Canada's Poloz Elon Musk's latest venture: Brain-computer interfaces What makes a cyberattack? Experts lobby to restrict the term CEO of International Air Transport Association criticizes electronics device ban Cruise line stops port calls at Mexican resort of Acapulco Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Former Valeant CEO Pearson sues for owed shares, unpaid fees _ WATCH: Risk of stagflation in second half of 2017: Strategist _ WATCH: Home Capital business 'structurally flawed': Analyst _ WATCH: Paul Gardner - Top Picks CTV News Video Network false Trump signs order to reverse climate change policies false 'Jurassic Park:' Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast false HMCS Saskatoon helps in massive drug bust worth $560M false Scottish lawmakers vote for referendum false Family of Canadian filmmaker Rob Stewart filing lawsuit Most Popular Stories 1 Canadian ship involved in massive drug bust at sea 3 2 Red Bull heir enjoys jet-set life 4 years after hit-and-run 3 Edmonton man challenges 'predatory' photo radar ticket 1 4 Apple iOS update creates instant storage space 5 Health Canada issues warning about potent steroid in PureCare skin product 6 N.B. couple swamped with phone calls after rebuffing fraudster 1 7 U.K. attacker's wife 'saddened and shocked' 8 Hurricanes goalie Eddie Lack out of hospital 9 94-year-old woman honoured for 44 years working at McDonald's 1 10 Paris clashes over police killing of Chinese man; 3 injured Don't Miss false Drake fans furious over Amsterdam concert cancellations false Escaped horses cause havoc on highway near San Francisco false World record attempt for most Albert Einstein lookalikes You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Vets, animal activists urge Montreal politicians to cancel rodeo event Number of snow days in N.S. schools amounts to a crisis: expert First of two G20 police misconduct cases delayed after complainant axes lawyer WORLD Paris clashes over police killing of Chinese man; 3 injured Scottish MPs vote for new independence referendum U.K. attacker's wife 'saddened and shocked' ENTERTAINMENT From the studio to Lilith Fair: Sarah McLachlan's 'Surfacing' turns 20 Alec Baldwin 'stunned' at popularity of Trump impression Ken Burns making documentary film on Muhammad Ali HEALTH Tax breaks for infertility treatments broadened under new budget IQ benefits of breastfeeding questioned in new study New Brunswickers encouraged to take precautions as norovirus circulates POLITICS Federal plan to legalize marijuana could test provincial patience 'She's made a fool of herself': Senator stands by residential school comments Montreal likely to block Energy East pipeline, Rona Ambrose says SCI-TECH Apple iOS update creates instant storage space Samsung to sell refurbished recalled Note 7 phones Fake toons: Kids falling prey to adult parodies of popular children's shows BUSINESS North American stock indexes register gains, dollar up a nudge Outlook still uncertain despite positive data, says Bank of Canada's Poloz Elon Musk's latest venture: Brain-computer interfaces AUTOS Ford investing $1.2B in 3 Michigan plants, adding 130 jobs Uber pulls out of Denmark citing tougher cab standards Dubai cops' fleet of hypercars now includes fastest SPORTS Hurricanes goalie Eddie Lack out of hospital Brother of Mark McMorris shares photo of injured snowboarder Return date still unclear for Leafs' starting goaltender Andersen Lifestyle Mermaid toast is the newest breakfast trend to spread online Spring cleaning: Tips for tackling a messy garage 94-year-old woman honoured for 44 years working at McDonald's CTV News on the Go false Scottish MPs vote to seek new referendum Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast What dancers do when their flight's delayed In Pictures   Homes of the Month: $1 million across Canada Earth Hour 2017: Major landmarks dim the lights worldwide Vigil held for victims of deadly attacks in London Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Santander staff receive 'one hour a month' contracts Bank seeks applicants who are available at short notice and able to travel to a variety of branches Ben Chapman Monday 27 March 2017 11:45 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The arrangement represents a variation on controversial zero-hours contracts which don’t guarantee any work at all Getty Santander has advertised for “on-call” staff who are guaranteed just one hour of work per month, it has been revealed. An advert on the company’s website seeks applicants who are available at short notice and able to travel to a variety of branches to cover full-time customer service staff. The position, based in Bromley, south London, pays £17,666, pro rata, according to the listing. The Financial Times reported that Santander currently employs 371 people on one-hour contracts. Read more Surge in insecure work costs UK £4bn in lost taxes The bank’s practice is the latest example of the kind of insecure work that has accounted for many of the new jobs added in the UK as the economy has recovered from the 2008-9 financial crisis.  The job post says: “This is an “On call” contract, offering flexible cover to local branches. You’ll be guaranteed and paid for at least one hour per month/12 hours per year. Additional hours will vary according to branch requirements and will most likely be a mix of pre-arranged and short-notice cover, so flexibility around hours and location is essential.” Read more The arrangement represents a variation on controversial zero-hours contracts which don’t guarantee any work at all.  A spokesperson for Santander told the FT the bank’s one-hour contracts offer “full employment rights with no obligation to accept additional hours or exclusivity”.  The spokesperson added that staff on these contracts “received the minimum training and updates required for our banking environment” and are treated in a “simple, personal and fair way”. People on the contracts on average work 386 hours a year, according to the bank, equivalent to almost 50 eight-hour days a year, the bank reportedly said. Santander has not yet responded to The Independent’s requests for comment. The latest contract will add further fuel to the debate about the UK’s job market. Last month unemployment dropped to 4.7 per cent – equal to the lowest it has been since 1975 – but real average wages have remained stagnant for a decade and many of the newly created jobs are in insecure self-employment, gig economy jobs or zero-hours contracts. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters The latest official figures show around 900,000 people are now on zero-hours contracts after rising by more than 100,000 in the last three months of 2016. Research from think tank the Resolution Foundation in December found that zero-hours workers earn £1,000 per year less than full-time employees doing the same job. In December, the TUC estimated that a total of more than 3 million people are now in jobs which do not guarantee set hours, with many not entitled to benefits such as sick pay, holiday pay or a redundancy package. More about: Santander Zero-hours contracts Zero-hours Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Search for: Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards Search for: ALL SECTIONS Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards   Iran applies sanctions to 15 US companies Tehran has imposed a ban on 15 US companies in retaliation to President Donald Trump’s new sanctions   Tehran's latest sanctions against American companies are largely symbolic, but nonetheless continue difficult relations between Iran and the US  Featured | Middle East & Africa Author: James Stannard March 27, 2017 March 26 saw the Iranian Government impose sanctions on 15 US companies for alleged human rights violations and collusion with Israel to occupy Palestinian lands. The move has been described as a reciprocal act, made in response to renewed US sanctions on Iran, which were agreed in February following an Iranian missile test. What’s more, on March 24, US senators also agreed to a bipartisan bill to extend existing embargoes. The Iranian state news agency, IRNA, reported that any in-country assets owned by the listed US companies were liable to be seized. The decision has been met with great confusion, however, as it is unclear whether any of the firms do indeed have business dealings in Iran. The list of banned businesses includes defence companies, such as Raytheon, Magnum Research, and truck-maker Oshkosh. The latter was among those banned due to its most prominent business dealings being with Israeli armoured vehicle manufacturer Plasan. The Wisconsin-based company had also agreed to provide 200 tactical trucks to the Israeli Ministry of Defence in January. The firms have not provided immediate comment on the matter. Iran’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on March 26: “The imposition of new sanctions by the US is based on fabricated and illegitimate pretexts and amounts to an action against international regulations as well as the word and spirit of the [nuclear deal].” The list of banned businesses includes defence companies, such as Raytheon, Magnum Research, and truck-maker Oshkosh US firms currently have limited dealings with Iran. While the 2015 agreement of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) promised Iran’s reintegration back into the global economy, progress thus far has been very slow. Although the US Treasury Department does issue some licenses for business dealings, the US still imposes sweeping primary prohibitions on Iranian citizens, as well as any persons and entities dealing with the country. Furthermore, while recent multibillion-dollar deals with the likes of Boeing and Airbus have signalled greater economic ties with the US on the surface, the reality is quite different. Official restrictions on US banks limit their interactions with Iran, while US suppliers are also put under informal pressure to steer clear of business ventures in the country. The present sanctions are more a political posture than an application of economic pressure on the US. With such light foreign investment in Iran at present, it is dubious whether any future sanctions imposed by the state could carry much economic heft either. Post navigation Previous article Russia unexpectedly cuts key rate amid drop in inflation Next article Turkey’s war of words is mere puff – stability will supersede pride before real damage is done Patrick Dumars While the move by the Iranian regime has practically no effect on the U.S. economy, nor on the companies being sanctioned since few have any assets or business dealings with the regime, who is not on the list is telling. Boeing for example is not on the list of firms sanctioned, even though it is one of the largest military suppliers to Israel, but also happens to be selling Iran new commercial airliners to replace its aging fleet. The hypocrisy of the Iranian regime doesn’t end there since it ostensibly is imposing these sanctions for human rights violations against the Palestinian people by Israel, but excuses its own blatant human rights violations against the Syrian people through its proxies and armed forces fighting on behalf of the Assad regime. Related: ZTE guilty of violating US sanctions China unfazed by development criticism Saudi Arabia steps up investment efforts Asia-Pacific nations hope to salvage TPP Japan logs fourth consecutive quarter of economic growth against the odds Israeli innovation drives foreign investment Dissecting the US Treasury’s country-by-country reporting regulations US strikes oil export deals Can Europe’s banks save the EU? US trade deficit widens Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards About Contact Advertise Subscriptions Partner Events Special Reports Privacy Policy
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Brexit: Sir James Dyson is 'enormously optimistic' about trading after EU split Last month Dyson announced that it is massively increasing its UK workforce and opening a new site  Josie Cox Business Editor Monday 27 March 2017 11:44 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Sir James has in the past said that Brexit would liberate the country’s economy Bryn Colton/Getty Images Sir James Dyson has said that he is "enormously optimistic" about trading with the rest of the world after Brexit. In an interview with the BBC, the billionaire businessman and a vocal supporter of Britain’s spilt from the EU, said that he thinks that it is possible for the UK to stay close to Europe after Brexit, while simultaneously forging closer ties with Commonwealth countries. "I'm a patriot, which is why I'm rather keen on re-connecting with the Commonwealth," he told the broadcaster. Read more Dyson shrugs off Brexit fears by unveiling plans for new UK site He said that in coming years, he’s particularly excited about expansion in the Far East. "I'm enormously optimistic because looking outwards to the rest of the world is very, very important because that's the fast-growing bit," he said. Last month Dyson, the technology company founded by Sir James which is famous for its high-end hoovers and hand-dryers, announced that it is massively increasing its UK workforce and opening a new site despite Brexit uncertainty. Read more Brexit: Sir James Dyson's optimistic but British industry is worried Brexit will ‘liberate’ the UK economy, says Sir James Dyson Dyson is making an electric car The opening of the 517-acre Hullavington site, which is close to Dyson's Malmesbury headquarters, will increase the group's footprint in the UK by tenfold, the company said. A spokeswoman for Dyson said that over the longer term, the group aims to double its UK workforce. Sir James said that the new campus represented an “investment for our future”. “It will enable us to continue creating world class products and jobs,” he said.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters In September, and also speaking to the BBC, he said that Brexit would liberate the country’s economy. “We can make our own laws and determine our own future and determine our own trade deals with other countries throughout the world. I think it is liberation and a wonderful opportunity for all of us,” he said at the time.  More about: Sir James Dyson Dyson UK Brexit Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval by Anthony Capaccio @ACapaccio More stories by Anthony Capaccio and Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson March 27, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT Defense board will assess go-ahead for Marine cargo transport Lockheed’s Tanner says chopper was best reason to buy Sikorsky The Pentagon is poised to review -- and probably approve -- a new helicopter from Lockheed Martin Corp. to transport heavy cargo for the Marine Corps in a program valued at as much as $29 billion. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up The Defense Acquisition Board has scheduled a March 30 meeting to review whether to approve low-rate production for the first 24 of a planned 200 King Stallion helicopters. The initial contract would cover two of the aircraft capable of lifting 27,000 pounds (12,200 kilograms), according to Defense Department documents. Quantities would grow annually, to four next year and 14 in fiscal 2021, according to the latest published acquisition report. The Sikorsky CH-53K King Stallion helicopter. Source: Lockheed Martin Approval to proceed would be the first major acquisition decision under Defense Secretary James Mattis. It would also begin to unlock the revenue Lockheed expects to reap from sales, spares and repairs over the life of the program. The latest budget plan increases spending to $1.9 billion in fiscal 2020 from $892 million this year, including development. The “big” revenue potential for the helicopter designated the CH-53K was the primary incentive for Lockheed’s $9 billion acquisition of the Sikorsky helicopter unit from United Technologies Corp. in 2015, Bruce Tanner, Lockheed’s chief financial officer, said in an interview. He said the King Stallion is the same size as its predecessor, the Super Stallion, but can haul triple the cargo. “Frankly, when we acquired Sikorsky it was the 53K program that drove most of our valuation as to why we wanted to own Sikorsky,” Tanner said. “It was the fact of that aircraft.” Potential Overshadowed The King Stallion has international sales potential as well, and discussions are under way with Germany and Israel, Tanner said. “From a revenue perspective it is going to be the lion’s share of what we expect from Sikorsky for the next 10 to 15 years, probably, once it gets into production,” Tanner said. The helicopter’s potential was overshadowed as Lockheed wrestled with accounting-control weaknesses and plummeting commercial helicopter deliveries at Sikorsky. Cheap fuel prices have slowed offshore oil and gas drilling and sapped demand for the large helicopters that industry uses to ferry people and equipment. Deliveries of commercial choppers are expected to generate less than $300 million in revenue this year, down from sales of about $1.25 billion in 2014, before Lockheed’s acquisition, according to estimates by Jefferies. The King Stallion should generate more than $500 million this year for Lockheed, according to Howard Rubel, a defense analyst at Jefferies. The Marines will probably be the biggest customer, although there’s a chance the Navy could join in if it needs to add a craft with larger capacity, Richard Aboulafia, a defense analyst with the Teal Group, said in an email. The commercial market is less promising. “Much of the world heavy lift market has gone with Boeing’s CH-47 over the past few decades,” Aboulafia said. “The CH-53K might be too big and expensive to change that.” ‘Lot of Money’ Democratic Representative Niki Tsongas questioned the helicopter’s currently projected production cost of $122 million per chopper at a congressional hearing on March 10. That’s “a heck of a lot of money,” Tsongas said. “And even if there is no additional cost growth, it seems worth pointing out that $122 million per aircraft” exceeds the current cost of Lockheed’s F-35. The latest Air Force model of the advanced fighter jet is estimated to cost $94 million each, including engines. Read more: Lockheed plans $5 Billion in F-35 Savings After Trump Focus The King Stallion’s cost is estimated to drop below $89 million after full-rate production begins, Marine Lieutenant General Gary Thomas, deputy for programs, said at the hearing. “That’s still very expensive and we’re working very hard with” Lockheed “to keep the cost down and to drive value for the taxpayer.” Testing Office A spokesman for the Pentagon’s test office said in an email that the helicopter is on course to meet its key performance parameters for range, payload and reliability, citing a Feb. 24 assessment. Army Lieutenant Colonel Roger Cabiness said the helicopter has so far demonstrated it’s reliable and available 85 percent of the time needed -- exceeding the 83 percent required at this point. The King Stallion has demonstrated to date that it has the capability to support the “most stressing” Marine missions, Cabiness said. Still, one of the helicopter’s most serious problems is the high temperature of engine exhaust from two of its three engines, which must be fixed, the testing office assessment found. “We will continue to track system maturation as we further demonstrate the capabilities of the aircraft and implement any needed improvements,”  Mike Torok, Lockheed’s program manager for the CH-53K, said in an email. “We remain confident as we head toward” the Pentagon decision. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval Risk Rout Eases as U.S. Stocks, Dollar Trim Losses: Markets Wrap Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Police computer database still vulnerable to attacks: auditor Billionaire Jim Pattison donates $75M toward new St. Paul's hospital B.C. government Facebook page restored after brief hacking Monday Rainfall warnings issued for Howe Sound, Metro Vancouver B.C.'s working poor: Affordable child care key to lifting families out of poverty Drunk driver who killed three near Pemberton should get 12 years: Crown Asian stocks slip as doubts linger about U.S. administration Youkyung Lee / The Associated Press March 27, 2017 02:26 AM SEOUL, Korea — Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. KEEPING SCORE: Nikkei 225 finished 1.4 per cent lower at 18,985.59 while South Korea’s Kospi closed 0.6 per cent lower at 2,155.66. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng declined 0.7 per cent to 24,180.10 while the Shanghai Composite Index was flat at 3,268.96. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.1 per cent to 5,746.70. Stocks in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries were lower. U.S. HEALTH OVERHAUL: Analysts said House Republicans’ failure to repeal Barack Obama’s health care law raised questions about the prospect of the Donald Trump’s pro-growth agenda from taxes to infrastructure to the budget. President Donald Trump and Republican leaders yanked their bill to repeal “Obamacare” off the House floor Friday when it became clear it would fail. The health care act became a proxy for the rest of the Trump administration, dominating the global stock markets for most of last week. Investors are waiting for more details about the state of President Donald Trump’s business-friendly agenda. ANALYST’S VIEWPOINT: “For Asian markets, a turbulent start to the week could be the case,” said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. “Beyond the impact on health care, the vote had been seen as a test to the self-proclaimed deal-maker and the new administration’s abilities to also deliver other promises, including tax and infrastructure policies.” WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished mixed on Friday after Republicans cancelled a vote on their health care bill. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 per cent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,828.74. OIL: U.S. crude oil futures fell 43 cents to $47.54 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose 27 cents to settle at $47.97 a barrel in New York on Friday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 44 cents to $50.48 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 110.21 yen from 111.34 yen while the euro rose to $1.0861 from $1.0799. © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close ‹ previous Climbing gold, resource stocks give Toronto stock market a boost next Republican John Kasich leads charge for balanced budget vote › next previous Capital Fall 2016 How Victoria Works Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. Markets Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Carbon monoxide suspected in deaths of four near Ashcroft Police killing exposes anger, fear of Chinese in France Offender treated, judge stays on bench Landmark B.C. court ruling will shake real-estate industry, lawyers say Path between Uptown Centre, Galloping Goose gets upgrade DNA tests find no sign of accused strangler in Port Angeles case A low-tech way to help you recover a lost phone Nelly Furtado charts a new course Police investigating video by Halifax councillor yelling, 'Chinese fire drill' $1.63-million transit boost to add buses, cut wait times Victoria medical-device maker Starfish acquires Toronto firm Climbing gold, resource stocks give Toronto stock market a boost Island First Nation signs LNG deal for West Coast TSX climbs 98 points; Canadian dollar advances Purolator stops accepting new shipments ahead of strike deadline Wednesday Red Bull heir enjoys jet-set life 4 years after hit-and-run On the Street: Nanaimo agent new president of B.C. Real Estate Association Foothills development would transform Lantzville Asian stock markets close higher; Europe up in early trading B.C. nurses face higher risk of workplace violence than law enforcement Seventh heaven: Grizzlies are movin’ on Records aside, Royals hope to play giant-killer again Central Saanich climbing gym to host world championships Cloud of mystery surrounds injured Leafs No. 1 Andersen; McElhinney in for now Brothers Jamie, Jordie Benn to play against each for first time when Stars visit Habs BCHL Playoffs: Fightback earns Grizzlies the right to host Game 7 FIFA bans Lionel Messi for 4 World Cup qualifying games Lions trade star lineman Olafioye to Alouettes for rights to Foucault Carolina goalie Lack out of hospital after suffering neck injury versus Detroit 'Only have 15 or 20 minutes:' Backcountry enthusiasts can't count on fast rescue GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... Your timescolonist.com More News News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Travel News & Advice Anger at key rail franchise award to Anglo-Hong Kong consortium New operator takes over during massive summer rebuilding project at London Waterloo Simon Calder Travel Correspondent @SimonCalder Monday 27 March 2017 16:32 BST Click to follow The Independent Travel The current holder of the South Western rail franchise, Stagecoach, has demanded “detailed feedback” from the Department for Transport about why it lost out to Anglo-Hong Kong consortium First MTR to run the network from Britain’s busiest railway station, London Waterloo. The Stagecoach subsidiary, South West Trains, has doubled passenger numbers since privatisation. Stagecoach Group’s Chief Executive Martin Griffiths said: “We are proud to have operated the network under the South West Trains brand for more than 20 years and we are disappointed that we have been unsuccessful in our bid for the new franchise. Read more Government awards First MTR franchise to run South Western “Over the past two decades, we have delivered real improvements for our customers right across the network. That success has been built on fantastic people, detailed knowledge of the business and strong relationships with our stakeholders and railway partners. But we have never thought our job was finished. “We believe we submitted a strong bid for the new South Western franchise. It offered a transformation in the travel experience for our customers, more investment to help the railway support the communities and economy of the South West, as well as a substantial and deliverable financial benefit to taxpayers to help fund better public services. “We will be seeking detailed feedback from the Department for Transport on the various elements of our bid.” Read more Rail chaos expected as some ticket machines will not accept new pound Could first class rail travel be about to hit the buffers? 2,000 rail workers go on strike across UK, wreaking travel chaos Chris Grayling, the Transport Secretary, had earlier said: “First MTR South Western Trains Limited will deliver the improvements that people tell us they want right across the South Western franchise area.” Jeremy Long, Chief Executive of European Business for the MTR Corporation said: “MTR is known across the world for the excellent quality of its rail services, and we look forward to working with FirstGroup to provide a best-in-class travel experience for passengers in London and the South West. “Together we will deliver a major programme of upgrades, including improvements to both rail services and customer experience, for passengers travelling across the South Western network.” Simon Calder on declining tourism in London and increasing cost of travel post-Brexit Yet many of the benefits promised from the new franchise, including a fleet of 90 new trains, and tens of thousands of extra rush-hour seats on key commuter lines, were already planned.  Stagecoach Group will oversee the first half of the biggest upgrade in the history of Waterloo station this summer, when many of the platforms will be extended to take longer trains.  The work will cause serious disruption from 5 to 28 August. With fewer trains running, rush-hour services will be busier than usual. Passengers have been warned to expect longer journeys, some station closures and “queuing systems outside some stations”.  In the middle of the project, on 20 August, Stagecoach Group will relinquish the franchise and First MTR will take it over. A spokesperson for the Department for Transport said: “First MTR South Western will deliver the improvements that people tell us they want and upgrade work at Waterloo will help us provide more and longer trains that will benefit passengers. “We have announced First MTR as winners of the South Western route as early as possible to give them maximum time to prepare for the changeover on August 20. “We have experience managing a smooth changeover in recent years on other train routes – including on East Anglia and Northern.” Meanwhile the RMT union, whose members are involved in multiple disputes across the rail industry, has slammed the franchise award. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters The RMT General Secretary, Mick Cash, said: “Once again the Government have refused to consider the public sector option for a major rail franchise and instead it’s a foreign state operator, in this case the Chinese state, which is set to make a killing at the British taxpayers’ expense. “The nonsense is that with the Government triggering Article 50 this week they would be free to ignore EU rail directives that slam a block on public ownership. It is frankly ludicrous that the Tories are continuing with the ‘any state but the British state’ policy which has plundered our railways for over two decades.” More about: Stagecoach Group First Group MTR RMT Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us א' ניסן תשע"ז   |   Tuesday, March 28, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Asian Stocks Weaker as U.S. Health Overhaul Failure Lingers Asian Stocks Weaker as U.S. Health Overhaul Failure Lingers Monday, March 27, 2017 at 5:11 am | כ"ט אדר תשע"ז A currency trader watches monitors at the foreign exchange dealing room in Seoul, South Korea, Monday. (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man) SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health-care reform failure. Nikkei 225 finished 1.4 percent lower at 18,985.59 while South Korea’s Kospi closed 0.6 percent lower at 2,155.66. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng declined 0.7 percent to 24,180.10 while the Shanghai Composite Index was flat at 3,268.96. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.1 percent to 5,746.70. Stocks in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries were lower. Analysts said House Republicans’ failure to repeal Barack Obama’s health-care law raised questions about the prospect of President Donald Trump’s pro-growth agenda from taxes to infrastructure to the budget. The president and Republican leaders yanked their bill to repeal “Obamacare” off the House floor Friday when it became clear it would fail. The health-care act became a proxy for the rest of the Trump administration, dominating the global stock markets for most of last week. Investors are waiting for more details about the state of President Donald Trump’s business-friendly agenda. “For Asian markets, a turbulent start to the week could be the case,” said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. “Beyond the impact on health care, the vote had been seen as a test to the self-proclaimed deal-maker and the new administration’s abilities to also deliver other promises, including tax and infrastructure policies.” U.S. stocks finished mixed on Friday after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill. Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. U.S. crude oil futures fell 43 cents to $47.54 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose 27 cents to settle at $47.97 a barrel in New York on Friday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 44 cents to $50.48 a barrel in London. The dollar weakened to 110.21 yen from 111.34 yen while the euro rose to $1.0861 from $1.0799. Filed under: Asia, Markets Print Email Gmail Related Asian Stocks Rise, Buoyed by U.S. Stock Gains and Weaker Yen Asian Markets Mixed as U.S. Health Bill Delay Raises Doubts Asian Stocks Mixed on Upbeat U.S. Data, Rate Hike Expectations Asian Stocks Lower in Light Trading Dow Still Short of 20,000 As Health Stocks Skid More in Business Amazon Tests Grocery Pickup Service in Seattle U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 16-Year High U.S. Home Prices Rose in January By Most in 2½ Years Stocks, Dollar, Recover as Markets Try to Move Past President Trump’s Policy Stumble Evans Says Two Fed Hikes in 2017 May Be Right Amid Uncertainty OP-ED Nanny Weather We’re Not a Part of Somalia, Mr. Trump, And We Don’t Belong in Your Ban Time for Kurdish Independence? The Wages of Hatred on a City Street Renewing the Relationship The Shameful Vote Which Confirmed the Envoy to Israel When the Government’s Policy Is to Pass the Buck Threat Ratings The Unpleasant Truth About Purim A Breath of Fresh Air for Israel Unfair Play Working for a Solution Juggling Act The Real World of Obamacare Repeal Features The Odd Side – March 28, 2017 This Day In History 1 Nisan/March 28 Mountain Echoes World of Wonder – March 28, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 1 Nisan/March 28 Sudoku – March 28, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – March 28, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – March 27, 2017 Sudoku – March 27, 2017 Inside Stories This Day In History 29 Adar/March 27 Mrs. Henna Feintuch (Part II) Can My ‘On the Spectrum’ Son Stay in a Mainstream School? Nichum Aveilim 29 Adar/March 27 Weather » Brooklyn 43°F Light rain See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,882.24 +41.87 (+0.72%) S&P 500 2,361.19 +19.60 (+0.84%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9251 GBP 0.8030 ILS 3.6152 CHF 0.9921 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Area unemployment down to 3.5%, despite aerospace cuts Chris Winters Thu Mar 23rd, 2017 5:13am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The statewide unemployment rate dropped to a nine-year low of 4.9 percent in February. That’s down from 5.1 percent in January and 5.6 percent in February 2016. In spite of continued cuts in the aerospace industry, the area that includes Everett, Seattle and Bellevue continued to grow. Its unemployment rate was 3.5 percent in February, dipping from 3.7 percent in January and 4.4 percent one year ago. “Aerospace cuts are kind of acting as a bit of a drag on what’s been fairly solid momentum propelling the rest of the labor market,” said Paul Turek, a labor economist with the state Employment Security Department. “It’s not that the industry is struggling, it’s more of a reorganizing of the industry,” Turek said. Revised estimates for Snohomish County in January showed an unemployment rate of 4.2 percent, the second lowest in the state behind King County’s 3.8 percent. There were 17,532 people receiving unemployment benefits in the county in January. The state’s monthly employment report doesn’t break out the February figures by county. The February employment report showed the state gained 6,100 jobs in February on a seasonally adjusted basis. That adjustment reflects the normal ebb and flow of seasonal hiring, such as the annual gain in retail jobs around the holiday season. Most of those gains were concentrated in a few sectors. According to the report, the construction sector gained 2,000 jobs in February, as did the government sector. The professional and business services industry, which includes some high-tech businesses, gained 1,300 jobs. The manufacturing category, which includes aerospace manufacturing, lost 900 jobs statewide over the past month, while the aerospace product and parts manufacturing category lost 1,000 jobs. Those figures don’t include Boeing’s announcement late last week that it would cut another 170 jobs at least at its Puget Sound-area operations. The manufacturing sector has been struggling nationally because of an overall lack of export demand, Turek said. “The oil industry and things of that nature that require equipment and other materials have sort of depressed that momentarily,” he said. Other sectors losing jobs were transportation, warehousing and utilities and the retail industry. In total, the statewide labor force rose to about 3.7 million in February, an increase of 2,500 people from the previous month and up 81,200 over the past year. The Everett-Seattle-Bellevue region grew by 43,400 workers in the past year. The labor force count is larger than the total nonfarm employment figure of about 3.3 million because it includes people who are unemployed but continuing to look for work. The total labor force also factors population growth into the figure as well as economic factors, Turek said. The statewide unemployment rate of 4.9 percent, the lowest since March 2008, accounts for about 77,350 people receiving unemployment benefits in February. All figures in the report are preliminary estimates that get revised as more data becomes available. For example, the initial estimate of a loss of 7,200 jobs statewide in January has been revised downward to just 3,100 jobs lost that month. Chris Winters: 425-374-4165; cwinters@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @Chris_At_Herald.   Most Read Aerospace blog Some at Boeing worry new work shifts will worsen traffic EVERETT — The Boeing Co. is streamlining its Everett factory shifts starting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Buoy line would keep motor craft in center of Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — People are invited to share their thoughts on a… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Super Kid Maltby teen who’s been all over the world wonders what’s next EVERETT — Trevor Johnston is as well-rounded as he is high-achieving. The… Mar 27th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Tulalips honor longtime pastor at medicine wheel dedication TULALIP — The Tulalip Tribes marked the first day of spring last… Mar 27th, 2017 by Chris Winters Cedar Grove pushes bill that protects composting efforts OLYMPIA — A bill to shield composting operations from lawsuits is getting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Jones Bootmaker saved from collapse after sale to Endless, rescuing 840 jobs Administrators KPMG said 262 people have been made redundant as 25 unprofitable stores and six concessions have closed Ben Chapman Monday 27 March 2017 08:15 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Alteri, which bought Jones in October 2015, sold the profitable parts of the business in a ‘pre-pack’ deal which means the sale is agreed before administrators are called in Reuters Jones Bootmaker, the traditional footwear retailer with over 100 branches across the UK, has been sold to private equity firm, Endless, saving 840 jobs. Administrators KPMG, announced that Endless will acquire 72 stores, from another private equity firm, Alteri, securing around 840 jobs in the UK. A further 25 underperforming stores and 6 concessions are not part of the sale and will close immediately, resulting in 262 job losses, KPMG said in a statement. Read more Hundreds of jobs at risk as Jones Bootmaker faces administration Alteri, which bought Jones in October 2015, sold the profitable parts of the business in a “pre-pack” deal which means the sale is agreed before administrators are called in. Pre-packs have been criticised because they allow company directors to write off its debts but quickly sell off the profit-making parts of the business. Will Wright, partner at KPMG and joint administrator, said: “We are delighted that we have been able to rescue such an iconic UK footwear brand as Jones Bootmaker, including a high proportion of stores and preserving a large number of jobs, especially given the current economic pressures faced by retailers across the UK.” The administrators said they would provide the employees who have lost their jobs with information and guidance to allow them to claim redundancy money. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Jones was put up for sale last month, but a series of “cash flow challenges” throughout the bidding process scuppered a potential deal, according to industry publication Retail Week. Creditors then served a winding-up petition on 24 March – this is a document filed to a court which demands the company pays back money owed. KPMG were appointed as administrators the same day. Jones has been a fixture on UK high streets since it was founded in Bayswater, London, in 1857. Alteri bought the firm for £12m but it has since experienced difficult trading conditions. Alteri’s other shoe brand, Brantano, went into administration last week. More about: Jones Bootmaker Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business March 27, 2017 8:06 AM Trump's health care retreat weighs on global stocks A woman walks by an electronic stock board of a securities firm in Tokyo, Monday, March 27, 2017. Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. Koji Sasahara AP Photo A man looks at an electronic stock board of a securities firm in Tokyo, Monday, March 27, 2017. Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. Koji Sasahara AP Photo A currency trader walks by the screens showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index KOSPI), left, and the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollar and South Korean won at the foreign exchange dealing room in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, March 27, 2017. Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. 1 of 3 i The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story LONDON President Donald Trump's failure to reform U.S. health care, his first legislative setback since entering the White House in January, weighed on global stock markets Monday, with many investors cautious about his ability to deliver on other campaign promises, such as tax cuts and big infrastructure spending. The dollar was a major loser, falling to four-month lows against a basket of currencies. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Britain's FTSE 200 fell 0.7 to 7,287 while France's CAC 40 dropped 0.3 percent to 5,005. Germany's DAX was 0.7 percent lower at 11,976. U.S. stocks were poised for losses at the open too with Dow futures and the broader S&P futures down 0.7 percent. U.S. HEALTH OVERHAUL: Analysts said the failure of Republicans in the House of Representatives to repeal Barack Obama's health care reforms raised questions about the prospect of Trump's pro-growth agenda from taxes to infrastructure to the budget. Trump and Republican leaders yanked their bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act off the House floor Friday when it became clear it would fail. Investors are waiting for more details about the state of Trump's business-friendly agenda. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "The problem for markets is two-fold, with the inability to pass the health care reforms meaning any tax cuts will be diminished, while markets are now left wondering whether the president's lack of support in Congress will make his tax cuts hard to pass in any form," said Joshua Mahony, market analyst at IG. "Incredibly, at a time when the Republicans control both the House and the Senate, we are faced with a position where internal factions mean Trump still cannot get the required support to make a meaningful impact as president." DOLLAR DIVES: The U.S. currency has borne a large brunt of those concerns with the dollar index falling to its lowest level since the immediate aftermath of Trump's election victory last November. The euro was up 0.8 percent at $1.0880 while the dollar slid 1 percent to 110.17 yen. OIL: The benchmark New York rate fell 31 cents to $47.67 a barrel while Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 19 cents to $50.61 a barrel in London. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's Nikkei 225 finished 1.4 percent lower at 18,985.59, while South Korea's Kospi closed 0.6 percent lower at 2,155.66. Hong Kong's Hang Seng declined 0.7 percent to 24,180.10, while the Shanghai Composite Index was flat at 3,268.96. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.1 percent to 5,746.70. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:55 Virgin makes surprise announcement Pause 1:22 Two Miami-Dade police detectives ambushed and shot Monday night 2:23 Last call for Miami Heat at the Palace of Auburn Hills 2:53 Ultra Music Festival Day 3 1:51 Stunning and removing non-native fish stocks in the Everglades 2:42 Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase meets the press at combine 0:26 Key deer infected with screwworm on road to recovery 0:56 Armed robbery suspect forgets to put on mask 1:35 Killer whales display rare attack technique for hunting sea lions 1:44 How Putin keeps protesters at bay in Russia Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Busch Gardens Food and Wine festival 1:01 4 days ago Busch Gardens Food and Wine festival 4:24 4 days ago Universal Orlando's Homemade Jambalaya 4:17 4 days ago Epcot International Food & Wine Festival View more video Business Greater Miami’s high-skilled workforce is fueled largely by immigrant talent, too Stonegate Bank to be acquired by Home BancShares What it’s like to run a billion-dollar startup — at age 28 Florida’s former top federal prosecutor, Wifredo Ferrer, joins Holland & Knight Meatballs and Irish beer are out. Here’s what’s replacing them at the Seminole Paradise Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Pilot problem for Air Force?•'Official time' on the rise•Feedback for our website? Headlines Get Email Alerts Online Chat Read the full transcript of our online chat with Beth Killoran, deputy assistant secretary for Information Technology and chief information officer at HHS. Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Trump's health care retreat… Trump’s health care retreat weighs on global stocks By YOUKYUNG LEE and The Associated Press March 27, 2017 8:04 am 2 min read Share LONDON (AP) — President Donald Trump’s failure to reform U.S. health care, his first legislative setback since entering the White House in January, weighed on global stock markets Monday, with many investors cautious about his ability to deliver on other campaign promises, such as tax cuts and big infrastructure spending. The dollar was a major loser, falling to four-month lows against a basket of currencies. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Britain’s FTSE 200 fell 0.7 to 7,287 while France’s CAC 40 dropped 0.3 percent to 5,005. Germany’s DAX was 0.7 percent lower at 11,976. U.S. stocks were poised for losses at the open too with Dow futures and the broader S&P futures down 0.7 percent. U.S. HEALTH OVERHAUL: Analysts said the failure of Republicans in the House of Representatives to repeal Barack Obama’s health care reforms raised questions about the prospect of Trump’s pro-growth agenda from taxes to infrastructure to the budget. Trump and Republican leaders yanked their bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act off the House floor Friday when it became clear it would fail. Investors are waiting for more details about the state of Trump’s business-friendly agenda. Earn 1 CPE credit and learn about the expansion of risk management in government with analysis from GAO and Justice OIG. Register now for the free webinar. ANALYST’S VIEWPOINT: “The problem for markets is two-fold, with the inability to pass the health care reforms meaning any tax cuts will be diminished, while markets are now left wondering whether the president’s lack of support in Congress will make his tax cuts hard to pass in any form,” said Joshua Mahony, market analyst at IG. “Incredibly, at a time when the Republicans control both the House and the Senate, we are faced with a position where internal factions mean Trump still cannot get the required support to make a meaningful impact as president.” Advertisement DOLLAR DIVES: The U.S. currency has borne a large brunt of those concerns with the dollar index falling to its lowest level since the immediate aftermath of Trump’s election victory last November. The euro was up 0.8 percent at $1.0880 while the dollar slid 1 percent to 110.17 yen. OIL: The benchmark New York rate fell 31 cents to $47.67 a barrel while Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 19 cents to $50.61 a barrel in London. ASIA’S DAY: Japan’s Nikkei 225 finished 1.4 percent lower at 18,985.59, while South Korea’s Kospi closed 0.6 percent lower at 2,155.66. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng declined 0.7 percent to 24,180.10, while the Shanghai Composite Index was flat at 3,268.96. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.1 percent to 5,746.70. Topics: All News Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Trump's health care retreat… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1834: Congress censures Andrew Jackson Federal News Radio presents a daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Photo of the Day Mixed-martial artist teaches airman at USO show Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Top Stories Trump signs resolution overturning 'completely unnecessary' contracting regulations Top Story OPM tells agencies how to get ready for workforce reorganization, furloughs Workforce Pilot shortage problem will get outside help from airlines Exclusive New innovation office follows well-worn path to fix federal processes OMB Kushner's big job at the new OAI Tom Temin Commentary THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 27, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6958 0.0028 1.39% L 2020 25.1062 0.0008 2.42% L 2030 27.8029 -0.0022 3.47% L 2040 29.8492 -0.0037 3.99% L 2050 17.0714 -0.0030 4.47% G Fund 15.2722 0.0030 0.38% F Fund 17.6211 0.0238 0.94% C Fund 32.4465 -0.0335 5.95% S Fund 42.0909 0.0445 4.66% I Fund 26.4025 0.0036 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Federal News Radio Featured Events, Partnerships, and Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 52° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mostly cloudy skies. High 56F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy this evening, then becoming cloudy after midnight. Low around 40F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 28, 2017 @ 2:35 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Breaking Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama climate change rules AP Asian stocks weaker as US health overhaul failure linger By YOUKYUNG LEE AP Business Writer Mar 26, 2017 Updated Mar 26, 2017 0 SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. KEEPING SCORE: Nikkei 225 lost 1.5 percent to 18,970.79 while South Korea's Kospi fell 0.4 percent to 2,159.72. Hong Kong's Hang Seng declined 0.1 percent to 24,351.67 while the Shanghai Composite Index added 0.1 percent to 3,274.42. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.2 percent to 5,743.80. Stocks in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries were lower. U.S. HEALTH OVERHAUL: Analysts said House Republicans' failure to repeal Barack Obama's health care law raised questions about the prospect of the Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda from taxes to infrastructure to the budget. President Donald Trump and Republican leaders yanked their bill to repeal "Obamacare" off the House floor Friday when it became clear it would fail. The health care act became a proxy for the rest of the Trump administration, dominating the global stock markets for most of last week. Investors are waiting for more details about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "For Asian markets, a turbulent start to the week could be the case," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Beyond the impact on health care, the vote had been seen as a test to the self-proclaimed deal-maker and the new administration's abilities to also deliver other promises, including tax and infrastructure policies." Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished mixed on Friday after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. OIL: U.S. crude oil futures fell 14 cents to $47.83 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose 27 cents to settle at $47.97 a barrel in New York on Friday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 8 cents to $50.84 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 110.38 yen from 111.34 yen while the euro rose to $1.0846 from $1.0799. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Stock Markets Financial Markets Stock Indices And Averages Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Japanese Yen Currency Markets Health Care Reform Health Care Policy Government Policy Government And Politics Political Issues Patient Protection And Affordable Care Act × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now Live updates: Muscatine mayor impeachment hearing Limoges: Lessons learned from Muscatine mayor fight 11-hour Muscatine mayor ouster hearing dismisses without conclusion, hearing scheduled to resume April 1 Scott M. Richmond Hearing to impeach Muscatine Mayor Diana Broderson will be broadcast live Business Directory Latest Local Offers Beckey Insurance & Financial Services Beckey Insurance & Financial Services is here to help you with all your term life insurance questions. Call today for more information - 563-263-9700 Updated Mar 24, 2017 Non-Emergency Transport Non-Emergency Transport Provides Transportation for Individuals in Wheelchairs, Medical Patients, and Others in Need! Call Us Today! (563) 299-3513 Updated Mar 24, 2017 Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 14 hours ago Related Related Page A1 Page A2 Page A3 Page A4 Page A5 Page A6 Page B1 Page B2 (0) More on this topic Scottish lawmakers back independence referendum call CEO of airline association criticizes electronics device ban Man suspected of killing 4 family members in Lithuania Greek debt activist, follower of ancient gods, faces arrest South African anti-apartheid leader Ahmed Kathrada dies, 87 Currents Movies The 54 best comedies of all time Pets The 10 most underrated dog breeds Food Where are the best cities to get brunch? Today’s top pics: Marathi New Year in India and more Your daily 6: Three burglars gunned down, famine fears worsen and pants prove to be downfall Today's Birthdays, March 28: Lady Gaga Today In History, March 28: U.S. Supreme Court Rangers 3B Beltre close to 3,000 hits, really wants 1 ring Indians sign INF Ramirez to 5-year, $26 million contract Spicy Mango Chicken Wings The healing power of art through 'Mutual Support' Latest Local Offers Beckey Insurance & Financial Services is here to help you with all your term life insurance questions. Call today for more information - 563-263-9700 Establishing, reviewing, and updating your personal insurance plans and products can be a da… Beckey Insurance & Financial Services 102 W 2nd St , Muscatine, IA 52761 563-263-9700 Currently Open Ads Protect yourself with retirement planning and income planning from Beckey Insurance & Financial Services. Call today to learn more - 563-263-9700 Establishing, reviewing, and updating your personal insurance plans and products can be a da… Beckey Insurance & Financial Services 102 W 2nd St , Muscatine, IA 52761 563-263-9700 Currently Open Ads Non-Emergency Transport Provides Transportation for Individuals in Wheelchairs, Medical Patients, and Others in Need! Call Us Today! (563) 299-3513 Visit us online! http://netmuscatine.com/ Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Trump: Order will eliminate federal overreach Why we need to change the narrative on refugees Mindy Kaling disses senator, gets date 'Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' cast reunites Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
TSX climbs on gold and resources, Wall Street finishes with mixed results | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Drug bust Red Bull heir Speeding Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement TSX climbs on gold and resources, Wall Street finishes with mixed results A man walks past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2017. (AP / Shizuo Kambayashi) Linda Nguyen, The Canadian Press Published Sunday, March 26, 2017 11:40PM EDT Last Updated Monday, March 27, 2017 5:19PM EDT TORONTO -- Climbing gold and resource stocks helped push Canada's largest stock index higher Monday as it finished ahead of its U.S. counterparts. The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index climbed 63.55 points to 15,506.22. One of the stocks with the biggest movements of the session was Quebec-based aerospace company Heroux-Devtek after it reported its bid for a new contract with the U.S. military was rejected. Shares in Heroux-Devtek (TSX:HRX) closed down 9.3 per cent to $11.52 on the TSX after reaching a 52-week low of $11.06. Meanwhile, indexes were mixed in New York as investors questioned whether U.S. President Donald Trump will be able to execute on his pro-growth plans after last week's failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 45.74 points to 20,550.98, the S&P 500 index lost 2.39 points to 2,341.59 and the Nasdaq composite index was ahead 11.63 points to 5,840.37. Wall Street had been down sharply at the open, but pared its losses by mid-day. Canadian markets strategist Craig Fehr said the Trump rally that was kicked off with the Republican candidate's win in mid-November has been built on expectations that his agenda of tax cuts and massive infrastructure spending will get passed. Last Friday was an indicator that this may not be as easy as first thought. Even so, Fehr, who works at Edward Jones in St. Louis, doesn't think investors should panic yet that the current bull market is nearing the finish line. "It's really a reflection in my opinion of just how strong and steady the markets have been when a one or two per cent pullback now is being perceived as harbinger of what's to come," he said. "Economic growth combined with a rebound of corporate earnings combined with still low levels of interest rates is a pretty strong recipe for a continuation for this bull market. It just wont be as smooth as we have come to enjoy recently." In currencies, the Canadian dollar was trading at 74.76 cents US, up 0.02 of a U.S. cent. Oil prices, which usually trades in tandem with the loonie, were lower. The May crude contract was down two cents at US$47.73 per barrel after OPEC said over the weekend it was open to extending its current production cuts by another six months. The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed in late November to cut its production by 1.2 million barrels a day, the first reduction agreed to by the 14-member cartel since 2008. Eleven other non-OPEC oil-producing countries pledged in December to cut an additional 558,000 barrels a day, reaching an overall reduction of 1.8 million barrels per day. In other commodities, May natural gas contracts lost two cents at US$3.13 per mmBTU, the April gold contract was up $7.20 at US$1,255.70 an ounce and May copper contracts were unchanged at US$2.63 a pound. Report Error MOST WATCHED false Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Little regard for science? Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Lift 'job-killing restrictions' Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Drake's Amsterdam fans furious Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Family filing lawsuit Air Date: March 28, 2017 false What dancers do when their flight's delayed Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Canada helps U.S. Coast Guard Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Horses cause highway havoc Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Canada helps U.S. Coast Guard Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV Toronto: World record of most Einsteins Air Date: March 28, 2017 false Extended: Aftermath of massive cocaine seizure Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV National News: Marijuana legalization timeline Air Date: March 27, 2017 More news from Business North American stock indexes register gains, dollar up a nudge Outlook still uncertain despite positive data, says Bank of Canada's Poloz Elon Musk's latest venture: Brain-computer interfaces What makes a cyberattack? Experts lobby to restrict the term CEO of International Air Transport Association criticizes electronics device ban Cruise line stops port calls at Mexican resort of Acapulco Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Former Valeant CEO Pearson sues for owed shares, unpaid fees _ WATCH: Risk of stagflation in second half of 2017: Strategist _ WATCH: Home Capital business 'structurally flawed': Analyst _ WATCH: Paul Gardner - Top Picks CTV News Video Network false Trump signs order to reverse climate change policies false 'Jurassic Park:' Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast false HMCS Saskatoon helps in massive drug bust worth $560M false Scottish lawmakers vote for referendum false Family of Canadian filmmaker Rob Stewart filing lawsuit Most Popular Stories 1 Canadian ship involved in massive drug bust at sea 3 2 Red Bull heir enjoys jet-set life 4 years after hit-and-run 3 Edmonton man challenges 'predatory' photo radar ticket 1 4 Apple iOS update creates instant storage space 5 Health Canada issues warning about potent steroid in PureCare skin product 6 N.B. couple swamped with phone calls after rebuffing fraudster 1 7 U.K. attacker's wife 'saddened and shocked' 8 Hurricanes goalie Eddie Lack out of hospital 9 94-year-old woman honoured for 44 years working at McDonald's 1 10 Paris clashes over police killing of Chinese man; 3 injured Don't Miss false Drake fans furious over Amsterdam concert cancellations false Escaped horses cause havoc on highway near San Francisco false World record attempt for most Albert Einstein lookalikes You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Vets, animal activists urge Montreal politicians to cancel rodeo event Number of snow days in N.S. schools amounts to a crisis: expert First of two G20 police misconduct cases delayed after complainant axes lawyer WORLD Paris clashes over police killing of Chinese man; 3 injured Scottish MPs vote for new independence referendum U.K. attacker's wife 'saddened and shocked' ENTERTAINMENT From the studio to Lilith Fair: Sarah McLachlan's 'Surfacing' turns 20 Alec Baldwin 'stunned' at popularity of Trump impression Ken Burns making documentary film on Muhammad Ali HEALTH Tax breaks for infertility treatments broadened under new budget IQ benefits of breastfeeding questioned in new study New Brunswickers encouraged to take precautions as norovirus circulates POLITICS Federal plan to legalize marijuana could test provincial patience 'She's made a fool of herself': Senator stands by residential school comments Montreal likely to block Energy East pipeline, Rona Ambrose says SCI-TECH Apple iOS update creates instant storage space Samsung to sell refurbished recalled Note 7 phones Fake toons: Kids falling prey to adult parodies of popular children's shows BUSINESS North American stock indexes register gains, dollar up a nudge Outlook still uncertain despite positive data, says Bank of Canada's Poloz Elon Musk's latest venture: Brain-computer interfaces AUTOS Ford investing $1.2B in 3 Michigan plants, adding 130 jobs Uber pulls out of Denmark citing tougher cab standards Dubai cops' fleet of hypercars now includes fastest SPORTS Hurricanes goalie Eddie Lack out of hospital Brother of Mark McMorris shares photo of injured snowboarder Return date still unclear for Leafs' starting goaltender Andersen Lifestyle Mermaid toast is the newest breakfast trend to spread online Spring cleaning: Tips for tackling a messy garage 94-year-old woman honoured for 44 years working at McDonald's CTV News on the Go false Scottish MPs vote to seek new referendum Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast What dancers do when their flight's delayed In Pictures   Homes of the Month: $1 million across Canada Earth Hour 2017: Major landmarks dim the lights worldwide Vigil held for victims of deadly attacks in London Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business March 26, 2017 11:30 PM Asian stocks weaker as US health overhaul failure linger By YOUKYUNG LEE AP Business Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story SEOUL, South Korea Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. KEEPING SCORE: Nikkei 225 lost 1.5 percent to 18,970.79 while South Korea's Kospi fell 0.4 percent to 2,159.72. Hong Kong's Hang Seng declined 0.1 percent to 24,351.67 while the Shanghai Composite Index added 0.1 percent to 3,274.42. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.2 percent to 5,743.80. Stocks in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries were lower. U.S. HEALTH OVERHAUL: Analysts said House Republicans' failure to repeal Barack Obama's health care law raised questions about the prospect of the Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda from taxes to infrastructure to the budget. President Donald Trump and Republican leaders yanked their bill to repeal "Obamacare" off the House floor Friday when it became clear it would fail. The health care act became a proxy for the rest of the Trump administration, dominating the global stock markets for most of last week. Investors are waiting for more details about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "For Asian markets, a turbulent start to the week could be the case," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Beyond the impact on health care, the vote had been seen as a test to the self-proclaimed deal-maker and the new administration's abilities to also deliver other promises, including tax and infrastructure policies." WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished mixed on Friday after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. OIL: U.S. crude oil futures fell 14 cents to $47.83 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose 27 cents to settle at $47.97 a barrel in New York on Friday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 8 cents to $50.84 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 110.38 yen from 111.34 yen while the euro rose to $1.0846 from $1.0799. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:55 Virgin makes surprise announcement Pause 1:22 Two Miami-Dade police detectives ambushed and shot Monday night 2:23 Last call for Miami Heat at the Palace of Auburn Hills 2:53 Ultra Music Festival Day 3 1:51 Stunning and removing non-native fish stocks in the Everglades 2:42 Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase meets the press at combine 0:26 Key deer infected with screwworm on road to recovery 0:56 Armed robbery suspect forgets to put on mask 1:35 Killer whales display rare attack technique for hunting sea lions 1:44 How Putin keeps protesters at bay in Russia Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Busch Gardens Food and Wine festival 1:01 4 days ago Busch Gardens Food and Wine festival 4:24 4 days ago Universal Orlando's Homemade Jambalaya 4:17 4 days ago Epcot International Food & Wine Festival View more video Business Greater Miami’s high-skilled workforce is fueled largely by immigrant talent, too Stonegate Bank to be acquired by Home BancShares What it’s like to run a billion-dollar startup — at age 28 Florida’s former top federal prosecutor, Wifredo Ferrer, joins Holland & Knight Meatballs and Irish beer are out. Here’s what’s replacing them at the Seminole Paradise Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Sections Latest Popular Search Sign in My Account | Sign Out TNY Store Thirteen Crucial Years for Art in Downtown New York by Louis Menand The Problems with Trump’s D.C. Hotel Deal Aren’t Going Away by Adam Davidson How the White House and Republicans Blew Up the House Russia Investigation by Ryan Lizza Pope Francis Proposes a Cure for Populism by James Carroll How the White House and Republicans Blew Up the House Russia Investigation by Ryan Lizza The Trauma of Facing Deportation by Rachel Aviv “Get Out” and the Death of White Racial Innocence by Rich Benjamin Daily Cartoon: Tuesday, March 28th by Pat Byrnes Go Sign in My Account | Sign Out News Culture Books Business & Tech Humor Cartoons Magazine Video Audio Archive Goings On Search Close The Financial Page April 3, 2017 Issue Trump’s Abuse of Government Data The President seems to declare employment numbers “very real” or fake news based solely on how they reﬂect on him. By Adam Davidson CreditIllustration by Tim Lahan On January 22, 1930, not quite three months after the stock-market crash and the ensuing economic collapse, the Times, in a front-page article, quoted President Herbert Hoover saying that “the tide of employment has changed in the right direction.” His Secretary of Labor, James J. Davis, citing reports on America’s industries, pronounced the country “well on the way to complete recovery.” Reading the article, Frances Perkins, the industrial commissioner of New York State, was horrified. She knew that the President was relying on data from the U.S. Employment Service, a notoriously inaccurate source, rather than from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, which showed that huge numbers of people were being laid off. She imagined the psychological harm that Hoover’s words would inflict on the unemployed, writing in her memoir that she feared the jobless “would feel that there was something wrong with them personally. A great despair would enter their hearts.” Young people would “read the story and say, ‘Why doesn’t Papa work?’ ” Perkins called a press conference, prompting a national scandal about statistical methodology. Within a month, the Times was condemning Hoover’s misuse of data and praising Perkins (who went on to become Secretary of Labor under Franklin Roosevelt). The economist overseeing the unemployment numbers quit when he learned that the Administration also was trying to alter Bureau of Labor Statistics data to make them seem sunnier. Congress commissioned the development of objective employment data, and, since the nineteen-forties, two government data sets have been essential measures of the nation’s economic health. Those statistics have often played a role in politics. In good times—under Dwight Eisenhower, Ronald Reagan, and Bill Clinton—the data have helped an incumbent win reëlection. In bad times—Jimmy Carter, George H. W. Bush—the data have contributed to defeat. Still, until Donald Trump, no major candidate or President had publicly challenged the validity of even the grimmest numbers. Throughout the campaign, Trump openly mocked employment data released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Bureau of Economic Analysis as “phony” and “totally fiction.” His tone changed when he wanted to take credit for a good jobs report. In March, Sean Spicer said at a press briefing that the President wanted to make clear that the unemployment rate “may have been phony in the past, but it’s very real now.” The White House press corps laughed, but, to government statisticians, the words sounded less like a joke and more like a threat. “When I saw that, I said, ‘Wow. You said the numbers were wrong,’ ” Kathleen Utgoff, who ran the B.L.S. under President George W. Bush, told me. “ ‘Now you are politicizing them.’ ” She said that she is “terrified” by the President’s willingness to declare the government data “very real” or fake news based solely on how they reflect on him. Utgoff isn’t afraid that the Trump Administration will meddle with statistical methodologies or the numbers they produce; that would require co-opting thousands of career government surveyors, statisticians, and economists in an effort to alter data collected from hundreds of thousands of businesses and citizens. (Even Richard Nixon, who, in 1971, hatched a plan to rid the B.L.S. of what he thought was a “Jewish cabal” out to destroy him, was unable to undercut the bureau’s independence.) Nor does anyone object to the reasonable arguments about which unemployment rate (there are six of them) best reflects the true state of the economy. The danger is that a President who disparages the data might convince his followers that bad economic news is political propaganda, and offer numbers that have no statistical rigor behind them. Good economic statistics benefit the left and the right, government and business. Without reliable data, businesses can’t take risks on investments. Boeing, for example, decides how many 787 Dreamliners to build and therefore how many people to employ based on its Current Market Outlook forecast, which is rooted in B.L.S. data and projects aircraft demand for the next twenty years. On a visit to a Boeing plant in South Carolina, in February, President Trump made his first major speech about employment. “We’re going to fight for every last American job,” he told the crowd, which had gathered in a hangar, in front of a new Dreamliner. Rhetoric and anecdote are Trump’s preferred jobs data. Last month, he claimed credit for a new Intel chip-manufacturing plant in Arizona “that will result in at least ten thousand American jobs.” In December, he celebrated a deal to keep around eight hundred jobs at a Carrier plant in Indiana. Trump didn’t point out other, less convenient facts—that Boeing was laying off thousands of American workers; that Intel’s plant had been announced in 2011, and would employ three thousand people, not ten thousand; and that Carrier was eliminating twenty-one hundred jobs in Indiana. Were Frances Perkins still alive, she would surely be thinking about those laid-off workers, who, hearing how Trump had saved their jobs, might see the failure in themselves and not in the Administration’s false promises. ♦ Adam Davidson is a staff writer at The New Yorker. More This article appears in other versions of the April 3, 2017, issue, with the headline “Real Numbers.” More: Economics Unemployment Statistics Sign up for the daily newsletter: The best of The New Yorker every day. Enter e-mail address Go Please enter a valid e-mail address Submitting... Thank you for subscribing. You’ll receive your first newsletter soon. View all newsletters » Most Popular How the White House and Republicans Blew Up the House Russia Investigation By Ryan Lizza The Trauma of Facing Deportation By Rachel Aviv “Get Out” and the Death of White Racial Innocence By Rich Benjamin Daily Cartoon: Tuesday, March 28th By Pat Byrnes What the Russian Protests Mean for Putin By Joshua Yaffa Our thirty most popular Do you have a tip for The New Yorker that requires anonymity and security? Send it via SecureDrop. » More From the New Yorker Books After the Fact Jill Lepore Books Why Facts Don’t Change Our Minds Elizabeth Kolbert News Desk How the White House and Republicans Blew Up the House Russia Investigation Ryan Lizza Letter from Sweden The Trauma of Facing Deportation Rachel Aviv Link your subscription Link your subscription Have a login? Sign In Already have a login? Sign in Link Your Subscription Have a login? Sign in About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store SecureDrop About About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox Condé Nast Digital © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Angela Merkel toughens her position on Brexit Emmanuel Macron’s Rothschild years make him an easy election target Millions of expats caught in Brexit no man’s land British airlines warned over post-Brexit flight restrictions Japan’s business lobby issues fresh Brexit warning to Theresa May US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump to unwind Obama actions on climate change Senate committee to question Jared Kushner on Russia ties Critic of World Bank and IMF eyed for key role at Treasury Exxon urges Trump to keep US in Paris climate accord Three puzzles of the financial markets’ tug of war Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read British airlines warned over post-Brexit flight restrictions Bill Gross settles feud with Pimco for $81m WhatsApp row explained: backdoors and bad guys Paulson & Co hedge fund manager dead in an apparent suicide Two big Tesco shareholders come out against Booker takeover Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Markets shudder after US healthcare debacle Bloomberg suffers rare drop in terminal numbers as banks cut back Hedge fund closures hold nuggets for stock market investors Trafigura tests blockchain for settling US oil market deals Wall St pares losses as equity bulls fight back Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Brexit reinforces Britain’s imperial amnesia The menace of populism has made the tribal left think again A bigger catch: China’s fishing fleet hunts new ocean targets India’s biometric ID scans make sci-fi a reality Brexiters must lose if Brexit is to succeed Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Amazon’s shopping spree at business schools Will 10 apples a day keep the doctor away? Workflow app: a user’s guide to shortcuts Codes of conduct breach the principles of common sense How to make 3D charts great again Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Why Singapore’s kids are so good at maths The art of the political snub The age of unenlightenment David and Monica Galetti: a restaurant of their own An alternative remedy for India’s romance troubles Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Mutual funds have exposure to controversial weapons Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for Limited Time Offer $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Share News Tips Securely Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Trump's health care retreat weighs on global stocks     By The Associated Press March 27, 2017     Story Photos ( 2 )     A woman walks by an electronic stock board of a securities firm in Tokyo, Monday, March 27, 2017. Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. (AP Photo/Koji Sasahara) LONDON - President Donald Trump's failure to reform U.S. health care, his first legislative setback since entering the White House in January, weighed on global stock markets Monday, with many investors cautious about his ability to deliver on other campaign promises, such as tax cuts and big infrastructure spending. The dollar was a major loser, falling to four-month lows against a basket of currencies. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Britain's FTSE 200 fell 0.7 to 7,287 while France's CAC 40 dropped 0.3 per cent to 5,005. Germany's DAX was 0.7 per cent lower at 11,976. U.S. stocks were poised for losses at the open too with Dow futures and the broader S&P futures down 0.7 per cent. U.S. HEALTH OVERHAUL: Analysts said the failure of Republicans in the House of Representatives to repeal Barack Obama's health care reforms raised questions about the prospect of Trump's pro-growth agenda from taxes to infrastructure to the budget. Trump and Republican leaders yanked their bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act off the House floor Friday when it became clear it would fail. Investors are waiting for more details about the state of Trump's business-friendly agenda. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "The problem for markets is two-fold, with the inability to pass the health care reforms meaning any tax cuts will be diminished, while markets are now left wondering whether the president's lack of support in Congress will make his tax cuts hard to pass in any form," said Joshua Mahony, market analyst at IG. "Incredibly, at a time when the Republicans control both the House and the Senate, we are faced with a position where internal factions mean Trump still cannot get the required support to make a meaningful impact as president." DOLLAR DIVES: The U.S. currency has borne a large brunt of those concerns with the dollar index falling to its lowest level since the immediate aftermath of Trump's election victory last November. The euro was up 0.8 per cent at $1.0880 while the dollar slid 1 per cent to 110.17 yen. OIL: The benchmark New York rate fell 31 cents to $47.67 a barrel while Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 19 cents to $50.61 a barrel in London. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's Nikkei 225 finished 1.4 per cent lower at 18,985.59, while South Korea's Kospi closed 0.6 per cent lower at 2,155.66. Hong Kong's Hang Seng declined 0.7 per cent to 24,180.10, while the Shanghai Composite Index was flat at 3,268.96. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.1 per cent to 5,746.70.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *   Previous Next     A woman walks by an electronic stock board of a securities firm in Tokyo, Monday, March 27, 2017. Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. (AP Photo/Koji Sasahara)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2017         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   FANUC America Marks 35-Year Milestone of Manufacturing Robots in the U.S. Heliae Announces First Use of Branded TruAzta Natural Astaxanthin Clipper Realty Inc. to Report Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Financial Results           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Just In 18mins Trump signs order sweeping away Obama era climate policies 3hrs Scottish lawmakers back independence on eve of Brexit 3hrs Man with suspicious package detained outside White House 4hrs Messi banned for four Argentina games 4hrs ‘Menstruation impure’ remark lands KPCC leader in a spot 5hrs Stale food served in Rajdhani leads to protest 5hrs Uber pulls out of Denmark citing tougher cab standards 5hrs Protests after Chinese employee allegedly disrespects tricolour in Noida 5hrs New 12-sided British pound coin enters circulation 6hrs Lalit Modi claims Interpol order is not against him 6hrs Efforts on to rope in Amitabh Bachchan as Bheeshma 6hrs Akhilesh elected leader of SP Legislature party 6hrs Death during rail promotion of ‘Raees’: summons sent to SRK, Excel Entertainment 6hrs Five arrested for attacks on Africans in Noida Indian cricketers get cash award for winning series against Australia Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Navy to bid farewell to long range maritime patrol aircraft on March 29 Share On JUST IN 18mins Trump signs order sweeping away Obama era climate policies 3hrs Scottish lawmakers back independence on eve of Brexit 3hrs Man with suspicious package detained outside White House 4hrs Messi banned for four Argentina games 4hrs ‘Menstruation impure’ remark lands KPCC leader in a spot 5hrs Stale food served in Rajdhani leads to protest 5hrs Uber pulls out of Denmark citing tougher cab standards 5hrs Protests after Chinese employee allegedly disrespects tricolour in Noida 5hrs New 12-sided British pound coin enters circulation 6hrs Lalit Modi claims Interpol order is not against him 6hrs Efforts on to rope in Amitabh Bachchan as Bheeshma 6hrs Akhilesh elected leader of SP Legislature party 6hrs Death during rail promotion of ‘Raees’: summons sent to SRK, Excel Entertainment 6hrs Five arrested for attacks on Africans in Noida Indian cricketers get cash award for winning series against Australia CLOSE States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States The last of Tibet's guerrilla fighters News States Tamil Nadu Tamil Nadu Navy to bid farewell to long range maritime patrol aircraft on March 29 Staff Reporter Vellore March 28, 2017 08:04 IST Updated: March 28, 2017 15:59 IST Share Article PRINT A A A A 1988 file picture of TU142M long range maritime patrol aircraft which was inducted into the Indian Navy at Dabolim in Goa.   Staff Reporter Vellore March 28, 2017 08:04 IST Updated: March 28, 2017 15:59 IST more-in Its role will be taken on by the newly inducted Boeing P-8I aircraft. After 30,000 hours of accident-free flying for nearly three decades, the TU-142M long range maritime patrol aircraft will be de-inducted at the INS Rajali naval air station in Arakkonam on Wednesday by Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Sunil Lanba. Its role will be taken on by the newly inducted Boeing P-8I aircraft. Inducted into the Navy at Dabolim Goa from the erstwhile USSR in 1988, the TU-142M, also capable of anti-submarine warfare operations, shifted its base and made INS Rajali its permanent home in 1992, says a release. The aircraft was part of all major exercises and operations including “Operation Cactus” in Maldives, “Operation Vijay” in 1998, “Operation Parakram” in 2002 and anti-piracy operations from 2011 till date. With its four powerful engines, contra-rotating, slender fuselage and swept wings, TU-142M aircraft is the fastest turboprop aircraft in the world. In fact, it has been difficult for fighters to intercept it, the release said. Over the years, the aircraft underwent several modifications with retro fitments to keep in tune with evolving technology and changing requirements of the Navy. It performed well during naval exercise TROPEX conducted this month. Winning laurels Winning laurels was nothing new for the squadron. It was awarded Unit Citation by the Chief of the Naval Staff in 2002 for its “outstanding professionalism and momentous contribution” to the Navy, and adjudged the Best Frontline Squadron on numerous occasions over the years. On Wednesday, Commander Yogender Mair, last commanding officer of the TU-142M squadron, will hand over the reins to Commander V. Ranganthan, who will be the first commanding officer of the P-8I squadron. To commemorate the TU-142M's service in the last 29 years, a static display of the aircraft would be inaugurated at INS Rajali. The day marks another milestone - INS Rajali celebrates its silver jubilee, the release said. Post a Comment More In States Tamil Nadu Related Articles << Previous Story Be wary of those kicked out by Jayalalithaa, says Panneerselvam Next Story >> Supreme Court to hear tomorrow pleas against ban of liquor shops along highways Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Mar 29, 2017 1:21:23 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/tamil-nadu/navy-bids-farewell-to-long-range-maritime-patrol-aircraft/article17697794.ece © The Hindu Dhinakaran’s plea to defer trial rejected Says he is preoccupied with bypoll Special Correspondent Chennai oil spill The Package Chennai oil spill A disaster that’s still unfolding As clean-up continues, oil spill reaches Mamallapuram A slick on the shore and the murky aftermath ‘Liability could touch millions’ In 30 Articles Top Picks in The Hindu today Time for Telugu sports flicks? Efforts on to rope in Amitabh Bachchan as Bheeshma New 12-sided British pound coin enters circulation Stale food served in Rajdhani leads to protest 13 for 13: Reliving India’s marathon home Test season Life lessons from a Bacardi: Remember your roots and be frugal Death during rail promotion of ‘Raees’: summons sent to SRK, Excel Entertainment Parineeti Chopra makes her singing debut Facebook launches ‘Townhall’ to get in touch with lawmakers Do tech start-ups leave women vulnerable? Close X Next Story >> Supreme Court to hear tomorrow pleas against ban of liquor shops along highways CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News Annual 3.7% Growth Expected for Global Aviation Test Equipment Market by 2022 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 03/27/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Aviation Test Equipment Market (Electric Systems Test Equipment, Hydraulic Systems Test Equipment, Pneumatic Systems Test Equipment) for Commercial Aviation Test Equipment and Military Aviation Test Equipment Application: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Segment, Trends and Forecast, 2015 – 2021.” According to the report, global demand for aviation test equipment market was valued at USD 5,631 million in 2015 and is expected to generate revenue of USD 7,254 million by the end of 2021, growing at a CAGR of slightly above 3.7% between 2016 and 2021. Request Free Sample Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/aviation-test-equipment-market Aviation test equipments play very crucial role in assuring the safety of an aircraft in its operation. These test equipments are mainly used for aircraft, artificial satellites, and spacecraft testing. Advancement in testing technology helps to support the needs of commercial and military aircraft manufacturers globally. Aviation is the practical aspect of aeronautics, which includes design, production, development, the operation of aircraft, particularly heavier than air aircraft. The aviation test equipment market is mainly driven by rising R&D activities of aviation test equipments, and growth in worldwide aerospace and defense industry. Rising demand from commercial aerospace and increasing use of software adaptable solution is expected to fuel the aviation test equipment market in the near future. However, sustainment of legacy platforms may pose a challenge to the market growth in the near future. Several test developers in the test equipment market are greatly challenged by the rising demand for advanced calibrated equipment and avionics systems. The aviation test equipment market is segmented on the basis of different types of system including electric systems test equipment, hydraulic systems test equipment, and pneumatic systems test equipment. In term of revenue, hydraulic systems test equipment was the largest segment in 2015 and accounted for over 38.49% share of the overall market in 2015. Electric systems test equipment was another key outlet for aviation test equipment market. The aviation industry is revolutionizing energy systems on board aircraft, which would expect to see pneumatic and hydraulic power slowly being replaced by electricity. Inquire more about this report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/aviation-test-equipment-market Various application segments of aviation test equipment market include commercial and military sectors. In terms of revenue, commercial aviation test equipment was leading segment in aviation test equipment market and accounted for over 58.9% market share of the total market in 2015. Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. North America obtained the majority of share aviation test equipment market in 2015 and accounted for over 35.26% of the overall market. The merger of major airlines in the U.S. has made the airline industry in this region the most profitable in the worldwide. North America followed by Europe. Asia Pacific is predicted to be the fastest-growing region in the estimated period. This market is highly competitive where players are competing on the basis of cost, reliability, product quality, and aftermarket service. Some of the key players in aviation test equipment market include Boeing, Honeywell International, Inc., Moog Inc., SPHEREA Test & Services (SPHEREA), Rockwell Collins, Airbus, and Teradyne Inc. Browse detail report with in-depth TOC @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/aviation-test-equipment-market The report segments the global aviation test equipment market as: Aviation Test Equipment Market: System Segment Analysis Electric Systems Test Equipment Hydraulic Systems Test Equipment Pneumatic Systems Test Equipment Aviation Test Equipment Market: Product Segment Analysis Commercial Aviation Test Equipment Military Aviation Test Equipment Aviation Test Equipment Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Middle East and Africa Request a customized copy of report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/custom/35 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, defense, Industry, major, Markets, military, satellites, service, spacecraft, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automatic Irrigation Equipment Market 2017 – Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Next PostNext Press Release: EU-Afghanistan Joint Working Group on migration Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The F-35 program has a new, unexpected enemy — the strong dollar Alex Lockie Mar. 27, 2017, 3:16 PM 4,227 facebook linkedin twitter email print An F-35A Lightning II team parks the aircraft for the first time at Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, Feb. 8, 2016. US Air Force photo The F-35 program has hit another snag, this time not an expensive production mishap or overrun, but the strength of the dollar itself.  At Lockheed Martin's 2017 Media Day, Jeff Babione, general manager of the F-35 program, laid out the "blueprint for affordability," or the defense giant's plan to bring down the cost of the Joint Strike Fighter to below $85 million in the coming batches. But therein lies a problem. With about half of the F-35s Lockheed Martin intends to build in the next five years heading out to foreign countries, even in house belt-tightening and big initial investments to help ramp up to economies of scale can't offset the strong dollar.  Asked by a Wall Street Journal reporter if the dollar's high exchange rate with foreign currencies is a problem for the most expensive weapons system in the history of the world, Babione said, "I think it is." "We've had some of our customers come up and raise the concern that this may potentially hurt their buys," said Babione, who noted that some elements of production cannot move outside of the country to help mitigate costs for foreign buyers. "We have some 1,700 suppliers in seven countries around the world. Many of the countries that are buying the F-35 produce parts for the F-35," said Babione. But still, Babione concluded that currency exchange rates not withstanding, the best tactic is just to get the F-35's price down, period. A pilot takes the F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter aircraft up for its first night flight near Edwards Air Force Base, Calif., Jan. 18, 2012. US Air Force photo "What I think I can do is drive the price down so whatever the exchange rate is, it's affordable," Babione said. As of today, the most expensive F-35 is the Navy's troubled variant, which remains under a review announced by Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis as it's being compared to Boeing's F-18 Advanced Super Hornet package. Meanwhile, US Air Force Lt. Gen. Chris Bogdan told reporters that Lockheed Martin's blueprint for affordability was "just ok," and suggested revisiting the supply chain instead of simply seeking bigger upfront investments, as Defense News notes.  SEE ALSO: Here's when the F-35 will use stealth mode vs. 'beast mode' NOW WATCH: Here are the countries the US sells the most weapons to Loading video... More: F-35 Lightning II Military Defense Lockheed Martin Dollar facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The F-35 program has a new, unexpected enemy — the strong dollar The F-35 program has a new, unexpected enemy — the strong dollar The F-35 program has hit another snag, this... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES GOVERNMENT March 28, 2017 | Last updated 5 minutes ago - AUS vs UAEMar 28,2017 - AUS vs UAEMar 28,2017 - AUS vs UAEMar 28,2017   Hot Topics: Dubai World Cup UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors57 Markets17 Automotives7 Banking8 Construction Employment1 Features1 General Investment3 Media3 Careers1 Energy58 Retail8 Shipping1 Technology7 Telecoms2 Tourism2 top stories in Sectors Inaugural global manufacturing summit kicks off Ford investing in three US plants GE, Mubdala partner to drive manufacturing tech Renewables Aviation9 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Emirates chief mulls loaner laptops Qatar Air chief accelerates India push Over 6.9m passengers at DXB in February Economy13 Property1 GN Property top stories in Property Will this tower break Burj Khalifa's record? New five-star hotel to open in Bur Dubai GCC realty investors’ global hunting ground Money1 Visas Analysis6 1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Global Manufacturing summit starts in Abu Dhabi The high profile event is expected to boost manufacturing sector in the UAE Published: 19:07 March 27, 2017 Fareed Rahman, Senior Reporter   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Abu Dhabi: A UN backed industrial forum, which is aiming to build comprehensive and sustainable industrialisation in the country, kick started on Monday at Paris-Sorbonne University in Abu Dhabi. More than 1,200 businessmen and global leaders are attending the three-day Global Manufacturing and Industrialisation Summit (GMIS) being held under the patronage of His Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces. The summit is being jointly organised by the UAE Ministry of Economy and the United Nations Industrial Development Organisation (UNIDO). It is the first global gathering for the manufacturing community, bringing together leaders in business, government and civil society to shape a vision for the sector’s future. The main events and the plenary sessions will start on Tuesday with a keynote address by the Japanese ministry of energy, trade and industry, and other executives,including David Shark, deputy director general, World Trade Organisation, and Bernard Charles, vice-chairman and chief executive officer of Dassault Systems. A number of high profile ministers and industry leaders from the region as well from across the globe are attending the four-day summit, including the UAE’s Economy Minister Sultan Bin Saeed Al Mansouri, Energy Minister Suhail Al Mazroui, Japan’s State Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry, Yosuke Takagi, and Pakistan’s Minister of Industries and Production, Ghulam Murtaza Khan Jatoi, among others. The summit is expected to give a boost to the UAE’s manufacturing sector which contributes 14 per cent of the UAE’s GDP. UAE-based companies such as Emirates Global Aluminium, Strata Manufacturing, Emirates Steel, Abu Dhabi Ship Building, Tawazun Industries and industrial zones such as Khalifa Industrial Zone Authority (Kizad) and Jebel Ali Free Zone are playing an important role in diversification of the economy and boosting the manufacturing sector in the UAE. Al Ain based Strata was awarded two Airbus contracts valued at more than $1 billion (Dh3.67 billion) and a multi-year contract with Boeing to manufacture vertical fins for the 787 at Farnborough air show in July last year. Emirates Global Aluminium is one of the world’s five largest aluminium producers. The company is constructing a 12 million tonnes per annum bauxite mine and associated export facilities in Kamsar in the Republic of Guinea. tags from this storyUnited Nations follow this tag on MGNJapan follow this tag on MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGNPakistan follow this tag on MGNAbu Dhabi Ship Building follow this tag on MGNUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsGovernment tagsUnited Nations follow this tag on MGN+ MGNJapan follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN+ MGNPakistan follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAbu Dhabi Ship Building follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Close Recommended For You Manufacturing is order of the dayPUBLISHED ON Mar 28, 2017 Inaugural global manufacturing summit kicks offPUBLISHED ON Mar 28, 2017 Why Indians should worry about 'Aadhaar'PUBLISHED ON Mar 28, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Concorde 2.0 edges closer as startup Boom completes $33m funding round Alistair Charlton International Business Times27 March 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Boom technology supersonic plane renderMore Over 13 years since Concorde was retired from service, a US startup from Denver, Colorado believes it can offer supersonic flights between London and New York which take just over three hours and cost the same as today's business class seats. Boom Technology has now completed a $33m (£26m) funding round, taking its total funding to $41m, and has begun wind tunnel tests on a model of its plane. After this, the cash injection means Boom now has enough money to finish its first prototype, begin its flight test programme, and set a new speed record for civilian aircraft. Trending: Amazon eyes up augmented and virtual reality tech for new physical stores Called XB-1 Supersonic Demonstrator, Boom's first prototype will use the same basic technology as its upcoming airliners, but will be around a third of the size and offer seating for just the two pilots. Once testing with this aircraft is complete, Boom will then begin work on the full-size plane, capable of carrying around 45 passengers in business class comfort. If all goes well, commercial flights are planned for 2023. The company is promising an aircraft which will fly 2.6 times faster than current airliners, at Mach 2.2 (1,451mph and almost 100mph faster than Concorde). Boom's biggest claim is how it can achieve "business class profitability". Given how Concorde struggled to turn a profit on its $20,000 return flights across the Atlantic, delivering on this claim will be Boom's greatest challenge. Don't miss: Quark VR shows off wireless HTC Vive with prototype cord-cutting system Lighter materials and huge developments in technology since Concorde first flew in 1969 are what Boom hopes will be enough to make its flights around four times cheaper than transatlantic supersonic flights of the Nineties. With a 9,000 nautical mile (17,000km) range, Boom says its plane will fly between London and New York in 3h15 (compared to seven hours today), Tokyo and San Francisco in 5h30 (compared to 11 hours), and Sydney to Los Angeles less than half of the 15 hours it currently takes. Most popular: Russia creates 'unstoppable' hypersonic Zircon missile with Navy destroying 4,600mph speed At this speed, a passenger could leave New York at 6am, land at London Heathrow at 2:30pm, have several hours of meetings and be back in New York for 8pm. Sir Richard Branson was an early backer of Boom and has pledged to buy 10 planes from founder Blake Scholl. Supersonic travel has been an interest of Branson for some time, and he was refused permission to buy several Concorde planes from British Airways and Air France when their fleets were retired in 2003. If all goes to plan, Boom's first customer flights will take off 20 years after Concorde's retirement. View photos Boom technology supersonic plane cabinMore As well as 10 orders from Branson, Boom will benefit from the use of Virgin Galactic's manufacturing division, called the Spaceship Company, and Branson says his space tourism company will provide engineering and manufacturing service to Boom, as well as support with test flights. Although Boom is only talking publicly about the $41m in funding it has received, Scholl also claims to have signed a letter of intent to build $2bn worth of supersonic planes for an unnamed London-based airline. No longer a bucket-list purchase Speaking to the Guardian in late 2016, Scholl said Boom flights would cost "about the same as tickets in business class...I don't know a single person who wouldn't want to get there in half the time, rather than have some free champagne. It wouldn't be a bucket-list purchase any more. There is a huge market and the margins are enormous." A former Amazon executive, Scholl previously a software engineer for the online retailer, before managing its automated advertising and social network divisions. A certified pilot, Scholl then moved to become a senior director at Groupon, before founding Boom in 2014. Other Boom staff have worked at Boeing, Virgin Galactic, Gulfstream, Lockheed Martin and Nasa; four of the company's nine-person leadership team are pilots. Boom was helped to life by Y Combinator, the most high-profile startups accelerator in Silicon Valley which has already produced holiday rental company AirBnB and file storage provider Dropbox. Wright Electric, which hopes to produce a fully electric, 80-seat airplane capable of crossing the Atlantic is also a product of Y Combinator and hopes to be flying within 10 years. You may be interested in: London to Paris by electric plane? It's coming by 2027, startup claims Airline laptop, phone and tablet ban: Everything you need to know before you fly Netflix and fly: The inside story on bringing superfast internet to your next transatlantic flight Concorde 2.0 edges closer as startup Boom completes $33m funding round Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Where to watch the royals: Kate to attend gala at the National Portrait Gallery International Business Times Virgin Atlantic braced for losses in 2017 as headwinds pick up Reuters On the eve of Brexit, Qatar pledges over $6 billion in investment in Britain Reuters Grime artists 'unfairly targeted' by police forms, culture minister Matt Hancock claims Evening Standard Motorists 'spend almost 90 minutes trying to pay congestion charge' Evening Standard Here’s a Map of the Sanctuary Cities Jeff Sessions Has Threatened with Funding Losses Newsweek Runaway horses shut down California morning traffic Press Association video Sony World Photography Awards - The incredible winners Melania Trump: Thousands sign petition for First Lady to move to White House or pay for Trump Tower security The Independent The top 10 worst places in the UK for broadband reception This Cell Division Time Lapse Is Not CGI Storyful London housing scheme where 'rabbit hutch' homes are smaller than a Travelodge room Yahoo Finance UK In pictures: Sewol ferry raised from the sea three years after disaster that claimed 300 lives Theresa May only allowed Nicola Sturgeon to speak 'briefly' about second referendum before shutting her down The Telegraph Prince George's school uniform will cost a whopping £370 Yahoo Style UK The Mud Day in Israel By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Features Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Technology Innovation Concorde 2.0 edges closer as startup Boom completes $33m funding round Supersonic flights between London and New York will take three hours but cost the same as business class. By Alistair Charlton March 27, 2017 13:34 BST Boom will first test a smaller jet (top) in 2018, before building its commercial airliner (below)Boom Technology Over 13 years since Concorde was retired from service, a US startup from Denver, Colorado believes it can offer supersonic flights between London and New York which take just over three hours and cost the same as today's business class seats. Boom Technology has now completed a $33m (£26m) funding round, taking its total funding to $41m, and has begun wind tunnel tests on a model of its plane. After this, the cash injection means Boom now has enough money to finish its first prototype, begin its flight test programme, and set a new speed record for civilian aircraft. Called XB-1 Supersonic Demonstrator, Boom's first prototype will use the same basic technology as its upcoming airliners, but will be around a third of the size and offer seating for just the two pilots. Once testing with this aircraft is complete, Boom will then begin work on the full-size plane, capable of carrying around 45 passengers in business class comfort. If all goes well, commercial flights are planned for 2023. The company is promising an aircraft which will fly 2.6 times faster than current airliners, at Mach 2.2 (1,451mph and almost 100mph faster than Concorde). Boom's biggest claim is how it can achieve "business class profitability". Given how Concorde struggled to turn a profit on its $20,000 return flights across the Atlantic, delivering on this claim will be Boom's greatest challenge. Lighter materials and huge developments in technology since Concorde first flew in 1969 are what Boom hopes will be enough to make its flights around four times cheaper than transatlantic supersonic flights of the Nineties. With a 9,000 nautical mile (17,000km) range, Boom says its plane will fly between London and New York in 3h15 (compared to seven hours today), Tokyo and San Francisco in 5h30 (compared to 11 hours), and Sydney to Los Angeles less than half of the 15 hours it currently takes. At this speed, a passenger could leave New York at 6am, land at London Heathrow at 2:30pm, have several hours of meetings and be back in New York for 8pm. Sir Richard Branson was an early backer of Boom and has pledged to buy 10 planes from founder Blake Scholl. Supersonic travel has been an interest of Branson for some time, and he was refused permission to buy several Concorde planes from British Airways and Air France when their fleets were retired in 2003. If all goes to plan, Boom's first customer flights will take off 20 years after Concorde's retirement. Boom's plane will seat 40 passengers in business class-style seatsBoom Technology As well as 10 orders from Branson, Boom will benefit from the use of Virgin Galactic's manufacturing division, called the Spaceship Company, and Branson says his space tourism company will provide engineering and manufacturing service to Boom, as well as support with test flights. Although Boom is only talking publicly about the $41m in funding it has received, Scholl also claims to have signed a letter of intent to build $2bn worth of supersonic planes for an unnamed London-based airline. No longer a bucket-list purchase Speaking to the Guardian in late 2016, Scholl said Boom flights would cost "about the same as tickets in business class...I don't know a single person who wouldn't want to get there in half the time, rather than have some free champagne. It wouldn't be a bucket-list purchase any more. There is a huge market and the margins are enormous." A former Amazon executive, Scholl previously a software engineer for the online retailer, before managing its automated advertising and social network divisions. A certified pilot, Scholl then moved to become a senior director at Groupon, before founding Boom in 2014. Other Boom staff have worked at Boeing, Virgin Galactic, Gulfstream, Lockheed Martin and Nasa; four of the company's nine-person leadership team are pilots. Boom was helped to life by Y Combinator, the most high-profile startups accelerator in Silicon Valley which has already produced holiday rental company AirBnB and file storage provider Dropbox. Wright Electric, which hopes to produce a fully electric, 80-seat airplane capable of crossing the Atlantic is also a product of Y Combinator and hopes to be flying within 10 years. More aviation news from IBTimes UK London to Paris by electric plane? It's coming by 2027, startup claims Airline laptop, phone and tablet ban: Everything you need to know before you fly Netflix and fly: The inside story on bringing superfast internet to your next transatlantic flight Related topics : London New York Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Head of Google Europe apologises for online adverts appearing near extremist material Columnists Jonathan Coad “The Daily Mail's sexist 'Legs-it' front page shows how unfit the press is for self-regulation READ MORE Why is Elon Musk afraid of AI and what is neural lace? Musk has started Neuralink to push brain-computer interfaces, but is... Google has become enemy of the state over its YouTube ads problem, but it's not solely to blame Major brands pulled advertising after appearing next to extremist... Apple's HoloLens-trumping AR smart glasses 'top priority' after 2017 iPhone launch Apple's augmented-reality glasses still in works, but AR tech's... Ridiculously easy Tinder scam nets student $100 a week - here's how to avoid falling victim US student duped users out of money by suggesting they "see what... John McAfee the movie: Johnny Depp to play controversial cybersecurity icon in blockbuster biopic Script written for McAfee's life in Belize and his interview with... Samsung seeding firmware update for Gear S3 Frontier and Classic with various new features The update brings additional features for Samsung native apps such as... Galaxy S7: UK users being hit by ransomware asking to pay £200 to unlock device The message asks users to pay money through secure online payment... UberEats to expand to more than 40 cities and towns across UK The food delivery platform will be expanded to cities including... Razer mouse and keyboard reset to default settings? Here's why Razer Synapse ran into problems at the weekend, causing users to lose... Splatoon 2 has its own Inkopolis rock band called Wet Floor Nintendo's family friendly shooter sequel will be released this... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Worldwide Acoustic Foam Insulation market Estimates and Forecasts by 2022 OrbisResearch.com has published new research report on ” Worldwide Acoustic Foam Insulation market – Drivers, Opportunities, Trends & Forecasts up to 2022” to its database. Acoustic insulation or soundproofing is a technique of reducing sound transmission from one area to another. Sound or acoustic insulation is largely utilized to reduce the noise emission from automotive and industries. Foam based noise control techniques are termed as acoustic foam insulation. Acoustic foam insulation is most favored due to its property of making stress free environment in otherwise noisy areas such as large manufacturing plants, automotive, and aerospace. Building & construction is another major area, which accounts for major demand for acoustic foam insulation. The strict regulation of government towards acoustic insulation in building is one of the key parameters driving the market demand for acoustic foam insulation. Request a free sample copy of Report with Table of contents@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/240677 The demand for acoustic foam insulation is growing consistently, especially in European and Asia Pacific markets. This growth is supported by increasing ”transportation” and ”building & construction” sectors respectively. Currently, Europe is the global leader in the acoustic foam insulation market with Germany being center for premium transportation market. Premium transportation coupled with high standard of living and stringent regulations, Europe accounts for maximum contribution to the global acoustic foam insulation market. Asia Pacific is expected to grow with the fastest growth rate during the forecast period due to growing industrial penetration and increasing per capita income in developing countries. From the material end, open cell polyurethane foams give high level of fire resistance which makes it suitable for the use in various construction applications. Polyether polyurethane foam is the leading material used in acoustic foam insulation due to relatively cheaper price and good sound proofing quality. Polyester polyurethane has the high cost in comparison to polyether polyurethane due to which it has relatively low market in the acoustic foam insulation market. One of the most expensive, melamine foam is growing in popularity for its light weight property, creating usage especially in aircraft and ceiling panels. The study of the global acoustic foam insulation market provides the market size information and market trends along with the factors and parameters impacting it in both short and long term. The study ensures a 360° view, bringing out the complete key insights of the industry. These insights help the business decision makers to make better business plans and informed decisions for the future business. In addition, the study helps the venture capitalist in understanding the companies better and take informed decisions. Enquiry Before buying Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/240677 According to Infoholic Research, the Global Acoustic Foam Insulation market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.9% during the forecast period to reach $7.80 billion by 2022. Industrial applications segment is expected to maintain global dominance in application segments, whereas China and India driven Asia Pacific region is expected to increase its regional share in global acoustic foam insulation. Some of the key players in acoustic foam insulation are BASF, Techlite, PolyOne Corporation, and Dow Chemicals. Countries Covered: Asia Pacific Europe North America Rest of the World   Companies Covered: PolyOne Corporation,BASF SE,SINOYQX,Huntsman Corporation,K-Flex 3M Company,Dow Chemical Company,Siemens AG,Boeing Corporation,Bechtel Corporation,Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V General Electric Company,3M Company,Acoustical Surfaces,Inc About Us:                  Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us:       Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Automotive, b2b, Business, Companies, company, Electronics, Environment, fire, general, Google News, Industry, Investment, Machinery, major, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, Property, satPRnews, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CytoSorbents REFRESH I Trial Abstract Selected for Podium Presentation at the American Association for Thoracic Surgery Centennial Conference Next PostNext Food Retail Market to Value 6.1% CAGR by 2020 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Tuesday, March 28, 2017  |  Jumada Al Thani 29, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism A China Southern Airbus A321-231 taxis at Beijing airport. The carrier is in talks with American Airlines about a stake sale. David Gray / Reuters China Southern Airlines’ tie-up talks with world’s biggest carrier spurs stock March 27, 2017 Updated: March 27, 2017 02:29 PM Related Cathay Pacific looks set to slash jobs and shift flights Airbus A330-900s and A320neos ordered by South Pacific airline China targets Boeing 787s and Airbus A350s as it plans widebody jetliner with Russia China Eastern set to order new C919 jets from domestic plane maker Comac Related Cathay Pacific looks set to slash jobs and shift flights Airbus A330-900s and A320neos ordered by South Pacific airline China targets Boeing 787s and Airbus A350s as it plans widebody jetliner with Russia China Eastern set to order new C919 jets from domestic plane maker Comac China Southern Airlines advanced to a seven-month high after saying it is in negotiations to sell a stake to American Airlines, the world’s biggest carrier. The negotiations are over "a possible major strategic cooperation with American Airlines involving, among others, proposed issue of shares of the company and other business cooperation", Asia’s largest airline by passengers said in an exchange filing on Sunday. The stock, which resumed trading on Monday in Hong Kong, gained 0.7 percent to HK$5.49, the highest closing level since August 16. Trading in the Guangzhou-based operator had been suspended since March 23 it was reported that the Texas-based American Airlines would probably make an investment of about US$200 million in China Southern’s Hong Kong-listed shares through a private placement. The companies have not reached a binding or definitive agreement and the cooperation may or may not proceed, China Southern said. The American Airlines spokeswoman Polly Tracey declined to comment. For American, a deal would strengthen its presence in the Chinese market after rival Delta Air Lines acquired a minority stake in China Eastern Airlines in 2015. China Southern would be the last of the nation’s top three airlines to bring in a non-mainland Chinese strategic investor. Cathay Pacific Airways, based in Hong Kong, owns about 18 per cent of flag carrier Air China Ltd. "All big US carriers will be making deals of one kind or another with major airlines all over Asia and certainly within China," said Robert Crandall, former chairman of American. "These things are going to grow and because of the network nature of the airline industry, everybody is going to play and everybody needs to play." An agreement will help boost the expansion plans of China Southern, which indicated in January that it was considering bringing in strategic investors. The carrier has been adding routes to Australia, New Zealand and countries in South East Asia as it competes with China Eastern and Air China. A tie-up will increase China Southern’s visibility in the United States, said Will Horton, a senior analyst at the CAPA Centre for Aviation in Hong Kong. "China Southern may be the largest airline in Asia but it’s relatively unknown in the U.S.," Horton said. "US consumer mindset changes if American is putting cash in: China Southern isn’t just another airline or partner, it’s a carrier American believes in." Biggest Market Shares of China Southern will remain suspended in Shanghai until further notice, the carrier said separately. China Southern and its subsidiaries have ordered more than US$15 billion of new aircraft from Boeing and Airbus since 2015 as more people fly in the world’s most populous nation. The International Air Transport Association predicts China will surpass the US to become the world’s biggest air travel market in terms of passengers by 2024. * Bloomberg business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Emirates mulls loaning laptops to passengers amid US ban Lufthansa warns UK airlines of Brexit clouds ahead American Airlines buys stake in China’s biggest state-owned carrier Future of Industry: Industrial regeneration is an all-inclusive solution to the migration problem MOST VIEWED Business | All Hyperpanda to shutter its doors in Dubai Festival City Amazon announces agreement to buy Souq.com Emirates mulls loaning laptops to passengers amid US ban UAE petrol prices to fall in April Future of industry: UAE to become home to region’s first microfactories Future of Industry: LED World turns to its own cash reserves to expand Commercial property sales subject to VAT from next year – but residential is exempt Devoted UAE residents finding ways to monetise their popular Facebook groups Arabtec chief says a shake-up is on the way Emaar Malls confirms $800m bid for Souq.com More Most Viewed Hyperpanda to shutter its doors in Dubai Festival City Fourteen years after Iraq, we still don't know the truth of what happened Reckless driver ordered to clean Abu Dhabi streets in first community service sentence ‘I could not see them dead:’ Emirati family who lost brothers in car crash tell of shock Dinosaur footprint found in Australia may be world’s largest Outrage erupts in Oman after judge gives child rapist minimum sentence Lionel Messi ‘sad’ and Argentina ‘angry’ after Barcelona star banned for ‘insulting’ assistant referee Cloud seeding may have increased the amount of rain across the UAE Amazon announces agreement to buy Souq.com More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Emirates mulls loaning laptops to passengers amid US ban Devoted UAE residents finding ways to monetise their popular Facebook groups Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Outrage erupts in Oman after judge gives child rapist minimum sentence Emaar Malls confirms $800m bid for Souq.com Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Latest: Kenyan officials in China to finalize deals for new rail vehicles NOCK passes new constitution Construction of crucial road to begin after govt secures financing Are banks secretly plotting for interest rate review? Kenyans abroad, biggest senders of mobile to mobile remittances Trending Live Channel 1 News County News International News Business International Business Local Business Sports Technology News Clips Top Stories News Business Sports Features Interviews TV Programs Good Morning Kenya Vioja Mahakamani Jee, Huu Ni Ungwana? Grapevine Kudzacha Brands Corporate About KBC Careers and Opportunities Tenders and Documents Events The Mast Contacts SIGNET About Signet Contacts County News  Government to Build Airstrip in Every County March 27, 2017 kbconline Airstrips, Irungu Nyakera By Bernard Munyao The National government has embarked on a plan to build an airstrip in every county to boost local air transport, Transport Principal Secretary Irungu Nyakera has said. Nyakera observed that the initial plan is to install portable lights in already existing airstrips to enable 24-hour operations. Speaking during a graduation ceremony of eight pilots who were sponsored by Mathioya Constituency Development Fund (CDF), the PS said the government is committed to provide cheap and efficient air transport to all Kenyans by establishing new airstrips and rehabilitating already existing ones in counties. He explained that by more investment in aviation industry, more employment opportunities were being created challenging youth to pursue aviation related courses to fill the job vacancies. “Through the high investment by the government in the aviation industry, many job opportunities are coming up and by studying any course in aviation industry will enable our young people to secure jobs,” added Nyakera. He noted that the government will use Sh. 3 billion to expand three terminals in Jomo Kenyatta International Airport (JKIA) within a period of eight months adding that  another Sh. 9 billion will also be used to rehabilitate and reservice Moi International Airport in Mombasa to boost international flights. JKIA, Nyakera said is currently handling more than 7. 5 million passengers annually from 2.5 million passengers it used to hold two years ago. Mathioya MP Clement Wambungu who was present said the aviation industry will be a big employer in few years to come. Nyakera lauded Mathioya CDF for sponsoring eight needy students to train as pilots saying the fee for training as a pilot is quite high for a person from a poor background to afford. Wambungu who is a pilot by profession said the decision by the local CDF to sponsor eight students for piloting course was not wastage of resources as the newly graduated pilots will also support other youth from the area to pursue the course. The CDF, the MP said  used almost Sh. 25 million to train the eight students until they attained commercial pilot licenses. “The money was not paid at once but in a span of four years and the investment is worth as pilot training is very expensive for  common mwananchi. But the local CDF committee was able to identify needy qualified students to undertake the course,” added the legislator. In Kenya, he said the number of pilots is small and those available are being absorbed by international airlines especially those from Middle East. “Last year alone, Kenya lost 92 pilots to Qatar Airways and more may go this year and its only sponsorship like this one by Mathioya CDF where we can get new pilots coming from grassroots,” added the MP. Announcement by Boeing Company to establish an office in Nairobi, he said was a good opportunity for those who have aviation related courses to get employment. “The Boeing Company has also announced that it will be making 1, 150 aeroplanes annually and this indicates there will be demand for more than 10, 000 pilots per year and Kenya as a country should be in a position to provide  a good number,” he added. You May Also Like Rogue planners, architects in Kiambu County put on notice April 12, 2016 Claire Wanja Atwoli opposes to production based waged system June 3, 2016 Grace Maina Kenya showcases destination strengths at Arabian Travel Market April 26, 2016 Claire Wanja Trending Latest Popular Kenyan officials in China to finalize deals for new rail vehicles By Eric Biegon in Jiangsu, China A team of officials from Kenya is in China to... NOCK passes new constitution By Frederick Muoki National Olympic committee of Kenya (NOCK) today passed its reviewed constitution after committee... Construction of crucial road to begin after govt secures financing By Benson Rioba Construction on the Loichangamatak-Lodwar-Nadapal National Trunk road is set to commence after the... Are banks secretly plotting for interest rate review? By Ronald Owili Are banks limiting lending to crucial sectors to persuade policy makers into reviewing... Kenyans abroad, biggest senders of mobile to mobile remittances By Grace Maina/KNA New data has shown that the Kenyan diaspora is the biggest sender of... Lecturers' strike continues as govt fails to table new counter-offer ( 1,016 )By Kennedy Epalat/Christine Muchira As the Universities’ lecturers’ strike enters its 30th day, the Universities Academic... President Kenyatta's State of the Nation address speech ( 653 )SPEECH BY HIS EXCELLENCY HON. UHURU KENYATTA, C.G.H., PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF KENYA AND... Kenya launches M-Akiba Treasury bond ( 557 )By Judith Akolo Kenya has broken yet another glass ceiling with the launch of M-Akiba which... 10 Things You Didn't Know About Bedbugs ( 538 )By Woman'sDay  Learn the surprising truth about these pesky pests. The old rhyme "Good night, sleep tight,... Public universities in paralysis as lecturers strike begins ( 512 )By Vitalis Nyagol Learning in public universities has been paralyzed after lecturers made true their threats... Facebook Facebook By Weblizar Powered By Weblizar Twitter Twitter Tweets Twitter Tweets Powered By Weblizar Facebook Facebook By Weblizar Powered By Weblizar Useful Staff Mail Careers & Opportunities Tenders & Documents Contacts Copyright © 2017 KBC TV. All rights reserved.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Caltech The 2017 Caltech Space Challenge will see students design a Moon base for deep space exploration Caltech researchers develop treatment that makes cancer cells destroy themselves Setting up a Ligo facility in India presents monumental engineering challenges for the country Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> The 2017 Caltech Space Challenge will see students design a Moon base for deep space exploration By tech2 News Staff /  27 Mar 2017 , 12:58 #Caltech Image: Caltech. Every two years, Caltech holds a competition for science students around the world, where two teams tackle problems that mankind is likely to face in the future. In 2011, the students designed solutions for bringing back a sample from an asteroid. In 2013, the teams designed a campaign to land humans on the moons of Mars. In 2015, the students came up with a plan for establishing mining operations on an asteroid that had been placed into orbit around the moon. This year, the students will be designing a base on the Moon for future deep space exploration by man. The launch and supply station has been dubbed “Lunarport”. The base is meant to act as a staging facility for heavy lift missions, where rockets from the Earth can be refueled before they move on to other targets deep within the solar system. Engineers from Orbital ATK, Blue Origin, and Nasa’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory facility, which is operated by Caltech, will all help the students design their proposals for the Lunarport. Thirty two students from fourteen countries have been selected for the Challenge, from a total 806 applicants. There were more applicants for this year’s challenge than all the three previous challenges put together. The corporate sponsors for the 2017 Caltech Space Challenge include Airbus, Microsoft, Orbital ATK, Northrop Grumman, Blue Origin, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Schlumberger, and Honeybee Robotics. Publish date: March 27, 2017 12:58 pm| Modified date: March 27, 2017 12:58 pm Tags: 2017 Caltech Space Challenge, CalTech, Lunarport, Moon, Moon Base, Space Also read Caltech engineers create artificial skin that is sensitive to changes in temperature Caltech researchers develop treatment that makes cancer cells destroy themselves X Recommended For You Caltech researchers develop treatment that makes cancer cells destroy themselves Setting up a Ligo facility in India presents monumental engineering challenges for the country Caltech engineers create artificial skin that is sensitive to changes in temperature LIGO resumes hunt for gravitational waves after receiving upgrades Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #Xiaomi Mar 28, 2017 Xiaomi CEO Lei Jun meets Prime Minister Narendara Modi, assures more job in India #OnePlus Mar 28, 2017 OnePlus 3 and 3T bug allows hackers to hack your smartphone using malicious chargers #Artificial Intelligence Mar 28, 2017 Dubai to begin using artificial intelligence in government sector #Panasonic Mar 28, 2017 Panasonic launches Lumix GH5 mirrorless camera with 4K video in India #OnePlus Mar 28, 2017 OxygenOS 4.1.1 and HydrogenOS Beta 10 rollout begins for OnePlus 3 and 3T SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Air China's 2017 summer/autumn schedule released; hub-based network layout shored up Air China's 2017 summer/autumn schedule released; hub-based network layout shored up maandag 27 maart 2017 08:12 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire BEIJING, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Air China's summer/autumn flight schedule has become effective from March 26, 2017. The new schedule features 395 passenger routes, including 102 international routes, 14 regional routes and 279 domestic routes, serving 180 cities in 39 countries (regions), including 64 international cities, 3 regional cities and 113 domestic cities. Air China offers over 8500 flights and over 1.66 million seats per week. Utilizing its extensive route network and its hub in Beijing, especially after its admission to the Star Alliance, Air China can fly passengers to 1,330 airports in 193 countries. http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnvar/20141017/152745LOGO [http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnvar/20141017/152745LOGO] Newly started routes include Shanghai - Barcelona, Beijing - Astana (capital of Kazakhstan) and Beijing - Zurich. In 2017, Air China will continue to expand its global route network with its hub in Beijing, operating flights to all the six continents including Asia, Europe, North America, South America, Africa and Oceania, with emphasis placed on key cities. During the period of the summer/autumn schedule, Air China will start Shanghai - Barcelona, Beijing - Astana and Beijing - Zurich services. On May 5, the three times weekly Shanghai - Barcelona service will be started and operated with A330-200; on June 1, the three times weekly Beijing - Astana service will be started and operated with A320; on June 7, the four times weekly Beijing - Zurich service will be started and operated with A330-200. These new routes will be the new bridges in the air linking China to Central Asia and Europe, and will also facilitate the economic exchanges between China and the countries along the "One Belt, One Road", promoting the development of cooperation between China and more countries in the fields of economy, trade, tourism and culture. The frequency of flights to Americas and Europe will be increased. During the period of the summer/autumn schedule, Air China will increase the capacity on more than 10 international routes, especially on routes to America and Europe. In the period of spring and summer, Chinese travelers to the America and Europe will keep on increasing. In response, Air China will tremendously increase the frequency of flights on routes to Americas like Beijing - Houston, Beijing - New York, Beijing - Los Angeles, Beijing - Washington, Beijing - Vancouver and Beijing - Montreal, and also on routes to Europe like Beijing - Minsk- Budapest, Beijing - Warsaw, Beijing - Vienna - Barcelona, Beijing - Munich - Athens, Beijing - Moscow, Beijing - Paris, Beijing - Stockholm, Beijing - Milan, Beijing - Madrid- Sao Paulo, Shanghai Pudong - Paris, Shanghai Pudong - Frankfurt, Shanghai Pudong- Milan, Lanzhou-Chengdu - Frankfurt and Chengdu - Paris, meeting the demand of the passengers for travel. In addition to routes to America and Europe, flight frequency will also be increased on Asia routes like Beijing - Dalian - Hiroshima, Chengdu - Lhasa - Kathmandu and Chengdu - Hong Kong The schedule of Beijing - Taipei's flight CA189/90 will be changed from Monday/Wednesday/Friday/Sunday to Monday/Tuesday/Thursday/Saturday. The frequency of flights to the western regions of China is increased. While further cementing its international route network, Air China has also been improving its domestic route network on a continuous basis. In this period of the summer/autumn schedule, flight frequency will also be increased on domestic routes departing from Beijing, especially Beijing - Korla, Beijing - Urumqi, Beijing - Urumqi - Akesu, Beijing - Zunyi, Beijing - Liupanshui and Beijing - Xichang. At the same time, flight frequency on routes to the eastern and southern regions of China will also be increased like Beijing - Xiamen, Beijing - Hangzhou, Beijing - Shiyan and Beijing - Zhangjiajie as well as to the northern regions of China like Beijing - Linfen, Beijing - Tonghua, Beijing - Wulanchabu, Beijing - Jiamusi and Beijing - Qingdao. The 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft will be operated on Beijing - Madrid - Sao Paulo route. In this period of the summer/autumn schedule, Air China will use Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft on its Beijing - Madrid - Sao Paulo route and Beijing - Shenzhen route, bringing a more comfortable travel experience for passengers. Air China is also using the Boeing 787-9 aircraft on its Beijing - Shanghai, Beijing - Guangzhou, Beijing - Chengdu, Beijing - Rome, Beijing - Los Angeles and Beijing - Auckland routes. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20141017/152745LOGO [http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20141017/152745LOGO] Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20141017/152745LOGO Air China CONTACT: Liu Muyang, +86-10-61461045, liumuyang@126.com Web site: HTTP://www.airchina.com// PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie BORGWARD BX5 Celebrates Its Market Launch in China dinsdag 28 maart 2017 19:31 Qatar Investment Authority to Sell 40 pct of Santander Brasil Stake dinsdag 28 maart 2017 18:22 LC Waikiki Opens First Stores in Indonesia and Kenya dinsdag 28 maart 2017 16:02 London and Paris Announce Ground-breaking Business and Tourism Partnerships dinsdag 28 maart 2017 15:21 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Latest News Dow 20,710 +159.02 +0.77% Nasdaq 5,878 +37.32 +0.64% S&P 500 2,360 +18.03 +0.77% 3:38 P.M. ET Stock-picking fund managers double down on economic growth 3:30 P.M. ET Updated Dollar turns higher as consumer-confidence reading boosts stocks 3:29 P.M. ET Updated Qualifications: Fluent in English, excellent writing skills, ability to wallow in luxury 3:27 P.M. ET Updated As Senator McCaskill probes marketing of opioids, fatal overdoses spike among white, middle-aged men 3:21 P.M. ET Updated ‘Made in the USA’ was only No. 10 in this ranking of national labels 3:17 P.M. ET Updated Oil ends at 1-week high on Libya output disruptions 3:06 P.M. ET Updated Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid 3:03 P.M. ET Updated Fed’s Fischer forecasts two more interest rate hikes this year 3:02 P.M. ET Updated The Trump-inspired ‘reflation trade’ just suffered a major setback 3:02 P.M. ET Updated Daily Mail gets slammed for sexist front page, tells readers to ‘get a life’ 2:59 P.M. ET Updated Why investors aren’t more excited about Regeneron’s new $37,000-a-year drug 2:56 P.M. ET With low yields abroad, investors hunt for international dividend funds 2:50 P.M. ET Updated Oil prices end at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 2:44 P.M. ET WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Dow up 174 points, or 0.9%, to 20,727 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500 rises 20 points, or 0.9%, to 2,362 2:43 P.M. ET Breaking Stocks accelerate gains in afternoon trade 2:43 P.M. ET Chesapeake Energy's stock rallies on heavy volume after bullish note from Wunderlich analyst Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Close Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Press Release Air China's 2017 summer/autumn schedule released; hub-based network layout shored up By Published: Mar 27, 2017 1:05 a.m. ET Share BEIJING, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Air China's summer/autumn flight schedule has become effective from March 26, 2017. The new schedule features 395 passenger routes, including 102 international routes, 14 regional routes and 279 domestic routes, serving 180 cities in 39 countries (regions), including 64 international cities, 3 regional cities and 113 domestic cities. Air China offers over 8500 flights and over 1.66 million seats per week. Utilizing its extensive route network and its hub in Beijing, especially after its admission to the Star Alliance, Air China can fly passengers to 1,330 airports in 193 countries. Newly started routes include Shanghai - Barcelona, Beijing - Astana (capital of Kazakhstan) and Beijing - Zurich. In 2017, Air China will continue to expand its global route network with its hub in Beijing, operating flights to all the six continents including Asia, Europe, North America, South America, Africa and Oceania, with emphasis placed on key cities. During the period of the summer/autumn schedule, Air China will start Shanghai - Barcelona, Beijing – Astana and Beijing – Zurich services. On May 5, the three times weekly Shanghai - Barcelona service will be started and operated with A330-200; on June 1, the three times weekly Beijing - Astana service will be started and operated with A320; on June 7, the four times weekly Beijing - Zurich service will be started and operated with A330-200. These new routes will be the new bridges in the air linking China to Central Asia and Europe, and will also facilitate the economic exchanges between China and the countries along the "One Belt, One Road", promoting the development of cooperation between China and more countries in the fields of economy, trade, tourism and culture. The frequency of flights to Americas and Europe will be increased. During the period of the summer/autumn schedule, Air China will increase the capacity on more than 10 international routes, especially on routes to America and Europe. In the period of spring and summer, Chinese travelers to the America and Europe will keep on increasing. In response, Air China will tremendously increase the frequency of flights on routes to Americas like Beijing - Houston, Beijing - New York, Beijing – Los Angeles, Beijing - Washington, Beijing – Vancouver and Beijing – Montreal, and also on routes to Europe like Beijing - Minsk- Budapest, Beijing - Warsaw, Beijing - Vienna - Barcelona, Beijing - Munich - Athens, Beijing - Moscow, Beijing - Paris, Beijing - Stockholm, Beijing - Milan, Beijing – Madrid- Sao Paulo, Shanghai Pudong - Paris, Shanghai Pudong - Frankfurt, Shanghai Pudong- Milan, Lanzhou-Chengdu – Frankfurt and Chengdu – Paris, meeting the demand of the passengers for travel. In addition to routes to America and Europe, flight frequency will also be increased on Asia routes like Beijing - Dalian - Hiroshima, Chengdu - Lhasa – Kathmandu and Chengdu – Hong Kong The schedule of Beijing - Taipei's flight CA189/90 will be changed from Monday/Wednesday/Friday/Sunday to Monday/Tuesday/Thursday/Saturday. The frequency of flights to the western regions of China is increased. While further cementing its international route network, Air China has also been improving its domestic route network on a continuous basis. In this period of the summer/autumn schedule, flight frequency will also be increased on domestic routes departing from Beijing, especially Beijing - Korla, Beijing - Urumqi, Beijing - Urumqi - Akesu, Beijing - Zunyi, Beijing – Liupanshui and Beijing - Xichang. At the same time, flight frequency on routes to the eastern and southern regions of China will also be increased like Beijing - Xiamen, Beijing - Hangzhou, Beijing – Shiyan and Beijing – Zhangjiajie as well as to the northern regions of China like Beijing - Linfen, Beijing - Tonghua, Beijing - Wulanchabu, Beijing – Jiamusi and Beijing - Qingdao. The 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft will be operated on Beijing - Madrid – Sao Paulo route. In this period of the summer/autumn schedule, Air China will use Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft on its Beijing - Madrid – Sao Paulo route and Beijing - Shenzhen route, bringing a more comfortable travel experience for passengers. Air China is also using the Boeing 787-9 aircraft on its Beijing - Shanghai, Beijing - Guangzhou, Beijing - Chengdu, Beijing - Rome, Beijing – Los Angeles and Beijing – Auckland routes. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/air-chinas-2017-summerautumn-schedule-released-hub-based-network-layout-shored-up-300429510.html SOURCE Air China Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The Nintendo Switch launch, in many charts The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid How 4D mapping could change the way we live and work MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Modern technology for man’s best friends View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Moneyish This is when taking an Uber to work can actually save you money View More Financial News The grumpy Englishmen bringing transparency to global FX View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Live Video: Watch Richard Branson’s excellent entrepreneurial adventure in Seattle How 1,200 volunteers on Slack are saving democracy, one data set at a time GeekWire Calendar Picks: Meet the VC who ditched the Bay Area for Seattle; Feature Friday gets a new name; and more BMW’s ReachNow car-sharing service launches new ‘Corporate Fleet’ at Seattle office tower Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service ‘Uber for car repair’ startup Wrench raises $4M for peer-to-peer marketplace Amazon wins bidding for Souq.com, announces deal to acquire Middle East e-commerce giant Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Paul Allen’s airplane showcase expands, rebrands as Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Former Clinton advisor on why the U.S. needs to promote entrepreneurship in developing countries Emoji update to include 69 new images: breastfeeding woman, zombie, steak and more How this legal software startup used its funding round to support legal aid under Trump budget cuts Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon keeps adding pop-up stores in malls across U.S. as it expands physical presence 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Twitter starts using IBM’s Watson technology to help identify bullies who tweet Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks Reports point to caution signals for Amazon Go checkout-free store 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Jump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports SpaceX’s Elon Musk isn’t smiling over NASA authorization for Mars missions Adobe unveils new Microsoft HoloLens and Amazon Alexa integrations Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut The secret science of your office space: How architects are using neuroscience to make workers healthier and more productive Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Starbucks teams up with Ford and Amazon to allow in-car orders via Alexa Microsoft outage: Office 365, Xbox Live, Outlook, and more suffer account sign-in issues Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Trending: Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner by Todd Bishop on March 25, 2017 at 10:11 amMarch 27, 2017 at 4:58 am Comments  1 Share  99 Tweet Share  36 Reddit Email Early-bird tix on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Paul Gilbert with the original computer that he built for Traf-O-Data, the company that Bill Gates and Paul Allen started before they founded Microsoft. (Photo Courtesy George Sammit) Microsoft is one of the most successful and influential companies in the world, but did you know that Bill Gates and Paul Allen launched an earlier venture as high school students in Seattle? It was called Traf-O-Data, a startup in the 1970s that developed a computer system to count traffic.  If it hadn’t been for our Traf-O-Data venture … you could argue that Microsoft might not have happened. Their partner in Traf-O-Data was Paul Gilbert, who was a University of Washington electrical engineering student when Gates and Allen were using UW computer labs at night, to hone their programming skills and develop their new business. Gilbert, now 65, recalls seeing Gates and Allen walking down a University of Washington hallway. They asked him, “Can you build us a microcomputer?” After thinking about it, he agreed to join them, and he became a partner in the business. “I got access to the Intel information, and we bought the chip and built it from the ground up,” he recalled, speaking with GeekWire recently after Allen gave him a special shout-out from stage during an event at the UW’s newly christened Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering. Paul Allen speaks at the University of Washington on March 9, 2017. (GeekWire photo) Wrote Paul Allen in a LinkedIn post, “While Bill Gates and I handled the software side of (Traf-O-Data), the machine itself was built on campus by a UW student named Paul Gilbert, a partner Bill Gates and I recruited into our high school business venture. Paul did an amazing job turning the first 8-bit microprocessor in Seattle into a real computer.” Allen went on to explain why Traf-O-Data was such an important venture: Objectively speaking, Traf-O-Data was a failure as a company. Right as our business started to pick up, states began to provide their own traffic-counting services to local governments for free. As quickly as it started, our business model evaporated. But while Traf-O-Data was technically a business failure, the understanding of microprocessors we absorbed was crucial to our future success. And the emulator I wrote to program it gave us a huge head start over anyone else writing code at the time. If it hadn’t been for our Traf-O-Data venture, and if it hadn’t been for all that time spent on UW computers, you could argue that Microsoft might not have happened. As their first partner, Gilbert got lots of experience working with Allen and Gates in their early years. As he recalled, “Bill was just hyperactive, his foot was always shaking and he had short patience. Very, very limited patience. And Paul was so laid-back. … Paul would say, ‘Oh, it’s OK.’ We’ll get over it.’ He’d always be the companion. And I’d say, ‘At least I haven’t been kicked off the job.’ ” RELATED: A conversation with Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen: ‘It really is a golden age of what’s possible’ So did Gilbert ever think that Gates and Allen would go on to become some of the most successful technology entrepreneurs in the world? “No, in fact that whole concept of having a big clunky PC in your house that just used up room, I thought that was totally dumb,” he said. “I did not have any foresight into what was really going on. I just kinda fought it in my mind, and said, ‘Nah, this is not going to work.’ ” Gilbert went on to become a software engineer at Boeing, and today lives in Palm Bay, Fla. He got a chance to speak with Paul Allen and other tech luminaries at the recent UW event, and he was still beaming with enthusiasm after the presentation. “It’s impossible, I can’t really be standing here in this group,” he said. “I think it’s still sinking in.” ALSO READ: Years before giving UW millions, teenage Paul Allen was booted from school’s computer lab Todd Bishop is GeekWire's co-founder and editor, a longtime technology journalist who covers subjects including cloud tech, e-commerce, virtual reality, devices, apps and tech giants such as Amazon.com, Apple, Microsoft and Google. Follow him @toddbishop and email todd@geekwire.com. Comments 1 Share  99 Tweet Share  36 Reddit Email Previous StoryThis Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Next StoryWeek in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of March 19, 2017 Filed Under: Microsoft GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen makes landmark $40M gift for University of Washington computer science school Years before giving UW millions, teenage Paul Allen was booted from school’s computer lab Billionaire Paul Allen hopes his ‘ginormous’ Stratolaunch plane will fly this year Bill Gates Sr. at 90: A giant impact on technology, philanthropy and the Seattle region Previous StoryThis Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Next StoryWeek in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of March 19, 2017 Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Most Popular on GeekWire Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp Marketing ManagerAnswerDash Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Iran strikes back at US with ‘reciprocal’ sanctions Sun Mar 26th, 2017 4:55pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Nasser Karimi Associated Press TEHRAN, Iran — Iran on Sunday sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel’s occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren’t immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company’s assets in Iran could be seized. “The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime’s terrorist activities and Israel’s development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil,” the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a “reciprocal act,” without elaborating. Iran’s new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comment Sunday. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. and United Technologies Corp. Denver’s Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber “Desert Eagle” pistols — a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran’s Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament’s national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani’s administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Sunday’s sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election.   Most Read Aerospace blog Some at Boeing worry new work shifts will worsen traffic EVERETT — The Boeing Co. is streamlining its Everett factory shifts starting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Buoy line would keep motor craft in center of Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — People are invited to share their thoughts on a… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Super Kid Maltby teen who’s been all over the world wonders what’s next EVERETT — Trevor Johnston is as well-rounded as he is high-achieving. The… Mar 27th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Tulalips honor longtime pastor at medicine wheel dedication TULALIP — The Tulalip Tribes marked the first day of spring last… Mar 27th, 2017 by Chris Winters Cedar Grove pushes bill that protects composting efforts OLYMPIA — A bill to shield composting operations from lawsuits is getting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
