Contactmusic Videos Artists Photos Movies Music News Home Login / Register Account / Logout Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Contactmusic > Harrison Ford > News > Harrison Ford Dubbed Himself A 'Schmuck' After Airport Incident Harrison Ford Dubbed Himself A 'Schmuck' After Airport Incident By WENN in Movies / TV / Theatre on 27 March 2017 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Reddit Fark Email Comment Follow Harrison Ford Harrison Ford Harrison Ford confessed to being a "schmuck" after he was involved in a near miss with a Boeing plane at a California airport last month (Feb17). The 74-year-old was told to land his single-engine plane on Runway 20L at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on 13 February (17), but he instead landed on a parallel taxiway. His plane flew low over an American Airlines Boeing 737 that was on the taxiway, waiting to take off, with 116 people on board. The flight departed safely for Dallas a few minutes after the incident. Recordings of Ford's conversations with air-traffic controllers were released on Friday (24Mar17) by the Federal Aviation Administration, and they reveal the Star Wars actor was distracted and concerned about turbulence from another aircraft. "I'm the schmuck who landed on the taxiway," he told an air traffic controller shortly after the near miss. Footage from the incident was released last month (Feb17), and shows Ford's Aviat Husky plane descending toward the airfield where the Boeing is slowly taxiing. "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" Ford asked the air traffic control tower. "Oh. I landed on Taxiway Charlie. I understand now. Sorry for that." In a phone call with an air traffic controller after the near miss, the actor said he "got distracted by the airliner" and also mentioned "big turbulence" from another plane that was landing. An air traffic controller then told the Indiana Jones star to take his time getting the number from his pilot's licence, and added that it wasn't a big deal. "It's a big deal for me," Ford replied. Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said an investigation into the incident is still underway. Landing on a taxiway, instead of a runway, is a violation of regulations. Contactmusic Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Reddit Fark Email Comment Follow Harrison Ford Advertisement Contactmusic 2017 Exclusive Related Harrison Ford Dubbed Himself A 'Schmuck' After Airport Incident Harrison Ford dubs himself a 'schmuck' after plane incident Harrison Ford honours the late Muhammad Ali at Celebrity Fight Night Harrison Ford Among Stars Honouring Muhammad Ali At Charity Bash Indiana Jones 5 gets release date Video Footage Surfaces From Harrison Ford Latest Plane Accident Harrison Ford Is Back In The Air Days After Airplane Incident Advertisement Harrison Ford Could Be In Trouble After His Latest Piloting Incident Harrison Ford involved in plane incident Harrison Ford Involved In Passenger Plane Air Scare - Report Harrison Ford Meets With Han Solo Successor Alden Ehrenreich Star Wars Han Solo film release date pushed back Harrison Ford Honours 'One-of-a-kind' Carrie Fisher Harrison Ford's tribute to 'fearless' Carrie Fisher Advertisement Movies and Trailers Blade Runner 2049 - Announcement Trailer The official announcement trailer for 'Blade Runner 2049' is finally here and while we still... Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens Movie Review Appealing both to a new generation of viewers and fans of the series since the... Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens Legacy Featurette Trailer Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens TV Spot Trailer After the victory of the Rebel Alliance over the Galactic Empire and subsequent demolition of... Star Wars: The Force Awakens Trailer It's been thirty years since the Rebel Alliance; led by the noble Luke Skywalker, the... Star Wars - Comic Con Featurette Trailer The cast and crew of the hugely anticipated upcoming 'Star Wars' movie 'The Force Awakens'... Secret Cinema presents Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back Movie Review Secret Cinema's Star Wars event is a mind-blowing experience of a lifetime for any Star... Advertisement The Age of Adaline Movie Review Like Benjamin Button, this drama plays around with the human lifespan, is slickly produced and... Star Wars: The Force Awakens Trailer 30 years ago, the Rebel Alliance struck their killing blow against the Galactic Empire. The... Star Wars: Empire Strikes Back Trailer The Rebel Alliance struck a terrific blow to the Galactic Empire with the destruction of... Star Wars: A New Hope Trailer The galaxy is in turmoil. A Rebel Alliance is rising up against the villainous Galactic... Star Wars: Return Of The Jedi Trailer The Rebel Alliance has fallen into an incredibly dark time. With the destruction of their... Star Wars: The Digital Collection Trailer A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. The majestic order of honourable,... Age Of Adaline - International Trailer In 1908, a young girl was born. She was not extraordinary, and lived a simple... Advertisement Actors Index: 0 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Help Contact Us T&Cs Privacy Cookie Policy Site Map Copyright © 2017 Contactmusic.com Ltd, all rights reserved Contactmusic Home Editors Recommended Editors Recommended News News Headlines News Headlines Trending Headlines Music / Festival News Music / Festival News Musicians & bands in the news Movie / TV / Theatre News Movie / TV / Theatre News Actors & filmmakers in the news Lifestyle / Showbiz News Lifestyle / Showbiz News Celebrities in the news News Archive News Archive Music Music Reviews Music Reviews Best Rated Music Reviews Music Video Music Video Top Music Videos Most Mentioned Most Mentioned Bands and Musicians in Music Movies Movie Trailers Movie Trailers Movie Reviews Movie Reviews Best Rated Movies Most Mentioned Most Mentioned Actors and Filmmakers in Film Photos Latest Photos Popular Photos Latest Photos Updated Galleries Most Mentioned Most Mentioned People in Photos Photo Archive Photo Archive Artists Trending Artists Trending Artists Actors and Filmmakers Actors Filmmakers Celebrities Celebrities Bands and Musicians Bands Musicians Interviews Interviews Videos Music Video Music Video Top Music Videos Movie Trailers Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Video Chart Video Chart Most Mentioned Most Menioned Artists in Video ✕ Music Video Movie Trailers Video Chart Most Mentioned Videos Music Video Top Music Videos Videos Most Menioned Artists in Video Videos Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Videos Video Chart Trending Artists Actors and Filmmakers Bands and Musicians Celebrities Interviews Artists Trending Artists   Artists Actors Filmmakers Artists Bands Musicians Artists Celebrities   Artists Interviews Latest Photos Popular Photos Most Mentioned Photo Archive Photos Latest Photos Latest Galleries Photos Popular Photos Popular Galleries Photos Most Mentioned People in Photos Photos Photo Archive Go Back in Time using our Photos archive to see what happened on a particular day in the past. Movie Trailers Movie Reviews Most Mentioned Movies Movie Reviews Best Rated Movies Movies Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Movies Most Mentioned Actors and Filmmakers in Film Music Reviews Music Video Most Mentioned Music Music Reviews Best Rated Music Reviews Music Music Video Top Music Videos Music Most Mentioned Bands and Musicians in Music News Headlines Music / Festival News Movie / TV / Theatre News Lifestyle / Showbiz News News Archive News News Headlines Trending Headlines News Music / Festival News musicians & bands in the news News Movie / TV / Theatre News actors & filmmakers in the news News Lifestyle / Showbiz News celebrities in the news News Press Releases News News Archive Go Back in Time using our News archive to see what happened on a particular day in the past. Editors Recommended Home Editors Recommended
Contact Newsletter App BLOG About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup Korean Air Gets First Dreamliner Feature Photo: © Jdanne | Dreamstime.com By Megan Hill - March 26, 2017 Korean Air received delivery of its first Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner during a ceremony at Boeing’s South Carolina assembly site in late February. It’s the first of 10 Dreamliners the carrier ordered; five are scheduled to join this year, and another five will be added by 2019. “The 787 Dreamliner will be a key member of Korean Air’s fleet as we continue to introduce next-generation airplanes to our customers,” said Walter Cho, president, Korean Air. “The aircraft is fuel efficient, quiet, has lower operating costs and is spacious and very elegant. The cabin features are impressive and will ensure maximum comfort for Korean Air’s passengers.” The new plane will be deployed on long-haul international routes to Toronto (YYZ), Madrid (MAD) and Zurich (ZRH) this year. It seats 269 seats in a three-class formation. “Korean Air continues to demonstrate its leadership in the global commercial airline industry and we are confident that the market-leading efficiency and comfort of the 787-9 Dreamliner will build onto their long-term success for many years to come,” said Rick Anderson, vice president of Northeast Asia sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. Viking Sun Presents the First Around-the-World Cruise Top Chefs on Mountain Tops Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Posts you may also like KLM Returns to London City 28 Mar 2017 Feature 0 Comments Alexander+Roberts, Oberoi Hotels and Resorts Offer Nile Cruise 27 Mar 2017 Feature 0 Comments Finnair Ramps Up Heathrow–Helsinki Service 27 Mar 2017 Feature 0 Comments Qatar Breaks Flight Record 26 Mar 2017 Feature 0 Comments Latest News LLS Red & White Ball and Online Auction Business on the Run Egyptian Expedition Birthday in Berlin A Visit to Old San Juan More News Latest Deals Earn and Connect with La Quinta Returns March Promo Air France-KLM Offer Redeem 20 Percent Less Miles with Japan Airlines More Deals Sign up for insider info/deals I'm interested in: eFlyer USA eFlyer Asia Special Editions Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Trazee Travel
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Boeing and Lockheed Could Lose Billions of Dollars of Business This Year Billions of space-launch contracts come up for grabs in the next few months -- but United Launch Alliance can no longer compete on price. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Mar 26, 2017 at 8:13AM Last week, SpaceX beat out United Launch Alliance to win a $96.5 million satellite launch contract. This March contract covered the third in a series of 10 planned missions to put GPS III global positioning satellites in orbit for the U.S. Air Force, set to begin launching in 2018. Before that, the Air Force had awarded one such GPS III contract to ULA, with SpaceX lacking "certification" and not allowed to bid, and a second contract to SpaceX, with ULA not able to bid because of a lack of engines. But this was the first contract in which SpaceX bid head-to-head against the Boeing (NYSE:BA)-Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) joint venture -- and won. It won't be the last. Currently America's most powerful space rocket, ULA's Delta IV is also its most expensive. Image source: United Launch Alliance. A busy schedule Our friends at SpaceFlightNow.com laid out the facts that led us to this conclusion, in an article just a few days back. As SFN explains, the Air Force plans to run "as many as 15 competitions ... over the next year [minus the two that have already taken place] for rights to lift defense and intelligence-gathering payloads into orbit." These will include: At least four more GPS III launches A SBIRS GEO 5 missile warning satellite An "AFSPC 9 mission" A multi-payload launch called STP-3 Six "classified missions for the National Reconnaissance Office" Air Force Space and Missile Systems Director of the Launch Enterprise Directorate Claire Leon told SFN that "technical" ability, the ability to launch satellites on "schedule," and with acceptable "risk criteria," will all play a role in awarding these contracts. What's more, Boeing and Lockheed are still under contract to launch three satellite missions under a 2014 "sole-source block buy" awarded ULA by the Air Force -- so chances are good that ULA can land at least three of the 13 missions described. And for the rest? Well, just as in the most recent contract awarded, price could turn out to be "the determining factor," SFN says, in deciding who wins and who loses most of these contracts. When price is the object ULA won its first contract as part of the aforementioned $11 billion block buy of satellite launch services. Covering 36 launches, that put ULA's average launch cost at $305.6 million. That was nearly four times the $82.7 million SpaceX charged for its first GPS III contract. Even if you assume, though, that SpaceX lowballed that bid to get its foot in the door on the Air Force business, $305.6 million was still more than three times as expensive as SpaceX's more recent $96.5 million bid. To beat SpaceX's prices on the 10 missions of the above 13 that we assume will pit SpaceX and ULA head-to-head, ULA may need to cut its prices by more than $200 million per launch -- a potential $2 billion revenue sacrifice. Or more. SFN advises that the Air Force has not yet certified SpaceX to carry its military satellites aboard reused Falcon 9s, or aboard its new Falcon Heavy lift vehicle, which has yet to make its first flight. But if those options become viable, SpaceX's own cost of launching satellites could drop. This would permit SpaceX to offer the Air Force even cheaper prices, widening the gulf between its prices and those offered by Boeing and Lockheed. When things get really bad SpaceX plans to launch its first "used" rocket and also conduct its first Falcon Heavy mission later this year. If those go well, Leon says that the Air Force "might use [these rockets] in the future." Granted, USAF will probably sit on the sidelines for a while, watching SpaceX launch its new rockets a few times to see if they explode. But if they don't, well, the Air Force clearly knows a good deal when it sees it -- that's why it's bought GPS missions from SpaceX twice already. If SpaceX continues to grow its capability and drop its prices, and ULA cannot move to match, then Boeing and Lockheed could find themselves locked out of the space launch market forever. The upshot for investors So is there any hope for Boeing and Lockheed? Maybe not in satellite launch, not the way things are going. At the prices SpaceX is quoting, I simply don't see any way for Lockheed Martin and Boeing to compete. But even if they can't launch satellites anymore, Lockheed and Boeing may still be able to build them. Already, Lockheed holds the Air Force contract to build the first 10 GPS III sats. A second round of satellite-building will be awarded soon, with each of Lockheed, Boeing, and Northrop Grumman competing for the contract. Lockheed and Boeing had better do all they can to win it.  Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Mar 26, 2017 at 8:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $177.18 up $1.08 (0.61%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $269.97 up $2.81 (1.05%) Read More Lockheed Martin Earnings: Here's the 1 Number That Matters Most President Trump's 2018 Budget: 3 Things Defense Investors Should Hate About It The 7 Priciest Military Planes Made in the USA How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Defense Stocks? Lockheed Lands $1.2 Billion F-16 Contract Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Boeing and Lockheed Could Lose Billions of Dollars of Business This Year @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $LMT
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rafferty Asset Management LLC Has $16,607,000 Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is Lansdowne Partners UK LLP’s Largest Position Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Position Boosted by Sii Investments Inc. WI Adviser Investments LLC Acquires Shares of 9,248 AT&T Inc. (T) PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Sold by Marshall & Sullivan Inc. WA Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Sells 9,200 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Under Armour Inc (UAA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Jefferies Group LLC Dunkin Brands Group Inc (DNKN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company First Financial Bankshares Inc (FFIN) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Eleven Biotherapeutics Inc (EBIO) to Sell Analysts Set Endeavour Mining Corp (EDV) PT at $21.71 TransUnion (TRU) Director Sells $609,768.18 in Stock Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Entergy Co. (ETR) to Neutral Ensco Plc (ESV) Research Coverage Started at Tudor Pickering Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB) Stake Raised by Federated Investors Inc. PA Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Ehi Car Services Ltd (EHIC) to Sell Federated Investors Inc. PA Decreases Position in Teradata Co. (TDC) Darden Restaurants’ (DRI) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. (DPS) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Civeo Co. (CVEO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Glg LLC Purchases New Position in Boeing Co (BA) March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Glg LLC bought a new position in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 32,037 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $4,988,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of BA. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC purchased a new position in Boeing during the third quarter worth $102,000. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA purchased a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter worth $106,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its position in Boeing by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the period. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC increased its position in Boeing by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the period. Finally, Global X Management Co. LLC increased its position in Boeing by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 175.82 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $107.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.10 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Co has a 1-year low of $122.35 and a 1-year high of $185.71. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $175.28 and a 200 day moving average price of $153.59. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.60 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Co will post $9.30 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Glg LLC Purchases New Position in Boeing Co (BA)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/glg-llc-purchases-new-position-in-boeing-co-ba.html. BA has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Seaport Global Securities initiated coverage on Boeing in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. They set a “buy” rating and a $180.00 target price on the stock. Argus boosted their price target on Boeing to $185.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $175.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $165.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, TheStreet cut Boeing from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $159.50. In other Boeing news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total value of $17,022,860.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 2,000 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $165.39, for a total transaction of $330,780.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bulawayo24 NEWS News Local Regional National Africa Education Health Religion International Agriculture Press Release Live APO Sports Local Soccer Cricket Basketball Rugby Schools Live Other Business Local Companies Economy International Your Money Lifestyle Dose of Encouragement Eats Fashion Health Travel and Tourism Relationships Comics Photos Opinion Columnist Interviews Speeches Letters Blogs Book Reviews Religion Women's Corner WhatsApp Updates Bereavements Entertainment Music Celebrity Movies Games TV Guide Arts Radio Shows Events Team Bulawayo Weekend Guide Technology Motors Camera Internet Mobile phone Computers Software Robotics Science Other Videos News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Tourism Health Documentary Viral Menu Home News Sports Business Lifestyle Opinion Entertainment Technology Videos Latest Stories Latest News Editor's Choice Local Companies Economy International Your Money Business / Companies Zimbabwe government continues to hunt by Staff reporter 26 Mar 2017 at 10:02hrs | Views GOVERNMENT continues to hunt for a technical partner for national flag carrier Air Zimbabwe, which is saddled with a US$334 million debt, despite recent setbacks in attracting a suitor. Nine airlines – among them Ethiopian Airlines, Angolan Airlines, Boeing, Emirates – have either been engaged or expressed interest in a partnership. Until recently, Air Zimbabwe looked close to concluding an arrangement with US-based Boeing, a unit of Airbus Group SE. Transport and Infrastructure Development Minister Dr Jorum Gumbo told The Sunday Mail Business last week that, "We have nine companies that we have spoken with … Many investors want to come, many people have approached us … but no one is bringing anything concrete," said Dr Gumbo. The protracted negotiations could be tied to unfavourable conditions in the global aviation sector and economic challenges facing Zimbabwe. Independent estimates suggest Air Zimbabwe needs US$1 billion to procure new aircraft and service its domestic and foreign debts. The debts stem from navigation, landing and handling fees; fuel supplies; salary arrears; and rentals. Air Zimbabwe has two Boeing 767s, one Boeing 737, one MA60 and an Airbus A320 that is being leased from Angola's Sonangol. Two of the parastatal's long-haul aircraft are undergoing periodic maintenance. Dr Gumbo says, "When they are due for maintenance, they are not allowed to go beyond that period; hence they are not flying. They are undergoing c-checks but we have others that were always in the skies." Difficulties in accessing foreign currency have made it difficult to timeously buy spare parts. Air Zimbabwe officials told the Parliamentary Portfolio Committee on Transport on February 20 that the loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 slimmed 42 percent to US$15 million from US$26 million in the same period a year earlier. It is envisaged tghat long-haul flights like the Harare-London route will push revenue to US$47 million from US$36 million. "The best you can do with an airline is to break-even. Look at what is happening with South African Airways, which people say is strong … All other airlines, including Kenya Airways, are struggling. Apart from Ethiopian Airlines … they have more debts than ours despite operating in environments different from ours," said Dr Gumbo. Ethiopian Airways has been performing relatively well, spurred by an economy that is one of the fastest-growing in the world. The company has increased its routes to around 90 from 69 in 2011. Conversely, Kenya Airways, which is 27 percent-owned by Air France-KLM, has reported losses over the past four years. South African Airways largely depends on government loans and guarantees for its survival and has had seven chief executives in three years as losses widen. SAA is still considered technically insolvent, with its going concern status depending on government guarantees of R19,1 billion. Source - sundaynews More on: #Air_Zimbabwe, #Partner, #Hunting Comments Handplough wanted Handplough wanted Toyota vista on sale Toyota vista on sale 4bedroomed neat house nketa 8 4bedroomed neat house nketa 8 On sale_magnolia oil On sale_magnolia oil On sale is mistubish canter On sale is mistubish canter Ladies shoes in sale Ladies shoes in sale Auto recovery services available Auto recovery services available Defy double door fridge on sale Defy double door fridge on sale Live Updates Subscribe Email: Must Read Zimbabwean in OR Tamba heist earned R400 000 per month 58 secs ago | 1 Views How Grace Mugabe destroyed Zanu-PF 3 hrs ago | 1001 Views Widows exchanged blows at court 4 hrs ago | 1065 Views Cholera outbreak a worrying development 5 hrs ago | 223 Views Zimbabwe has no capacity to train psychiatric doctors 6 hrs ago | 397 Views Mujuru seeking political mileage 6 hrs ago | 639 Views 'Human waste in Coca Cola cans' 6 hrs ago | 1576 Views WATCH: Mexico City installs penis seat on train to raise awareness 6 hrs ago | 715 Views Prince 'Gaddafi' Dube is the real deal, says Mapeza 7 hrs ago | 917 Views Parirenyatwa demands backs its fuel from Zanu-PF 7 hrs ago | 714 Views Tsvangirai's MDC targets women 7 hrs ago | 371 Views Jail term for devaluing bond notes 7 hrs ago | 1099 Views Grace Mugabe drowns Moyo, Mahoka 7 hrs ago | 2527 Views Zimbabwean men guilty of SA gruesome murder 8 hrs ago | 1408 Views ANC leaders approve Gordhan's removal - ANN7 8 hrs ago | 1409 Views News Updates via WhatsApp 'Baby-face' thief manages to stay 17 for 3 years 9 hrs ago | 1656 Views Govt should stop seeing diaspora merely as cash cow and start investing in real relationship 9 hrs ago | 302 Views Message of Condolence from Madiba Youth Organisation to the dimise of the Comrade Ahmed Kathrada 9 hrs ago | 163 Views Government impose hefty taxes for salons,commuter operators 9 hrs ago | 1510 Views Zuma plans to fire Gordhan, says senior ANC officials 10 hrs ago | 1035 Views Bishop Lazarus, Manheru, Sharp Shooter afraid of change 10 hrs ago | 450 Views Our major problem not an economic crisis, but a crisis of education 10 hrs ago | 226 Views Make ICT training compulsory for teachers 10 hrs ago | 175 Views Was Charles Manyuchi paid $200 000 to throw away fight ? 10 hrs ago | 2142 Views Prince Dube is the King of local football 11 hrs ago | 1143 Views 'Don't allow Mugabe to hold you hostage' 12 hrs ago | 933 Views Failure to establish a Grand coalition will be catastrophic for Zimbabwe 12 hrs ago | 488 Views Mujuru attacks power drunk Tsvangirai 14 hrs ago | 4427 Views PDP condemns MSU students assault by soldiers 14 hrs ago | 700 Views Ethiopian Airlines eyes Bulawayo, Air Zimbabwe deal 14 hrs ago | 1807 Views ZANU PF terror gangs attack MDC-T supporters at Mbare Msika 14 hrs ago | 1173 Views NPP Mashonaland West chapter elects Mujuru 14 hrs ago | 552 Views Willowvale Motor Industries reopens 14 hrs ago | 1021 Views JM Nkomo lecturer reportedly bolts away from a truck carrying stolen cattle at a roadblock 14 hrs ago | 2321 Views NERA ask people in the diaspora to be involved in the push for free and fair Zim elections 14 hrs ago | 188 Views Installation of Headman Nemanwa blocked 14 hrs ago | 370 Views Zvishavane runs dry as pumps collapse 14 hrs ago | 226 Views Chiredzi residents to sue Kasukuwere over audit results 14 hrs ago | 323 Views ANC veteran dies 14 hrs ago | 569 Views Businessman wants Grace Mugabe off properties 14 hrs ago | 478 Views Zanu-PF officials 'implicated' in Midlands gold wars 14 hrs ago | 358 Views Mukoko pushes Mutasa over the cliff 14 hrs ago | 863 Views Zimbabwe in $14.2 million trade surplus against SA 15 hrs ago | 419 Views Pregnant Bev snubs Andy Muridzo album launch 15 hrs ago | 779 Views ZIFA not in a rush to appoint Warriors coaching staff 15 hrs ago | 115 Views Zimra systems break down 15 hrs ago | 413 Views Shebeen brawl leaves one dead 15 hrs ago | 471 Views Ex-civil servants told to vacate Govt houses 15 hrs ago | 389 Views Catapults vendor arrested 15 hrs ago | 452 Views 'I earn $280 per month', Sulumani Chimbetu tells court 15 hrs ago | 802 Views Read All Our Latest News Most Popular In 7 Days WATCH: 'Magaya has shown how stupid Zimbabweans are' 26 Mar 2017 at 18:03hrs | 11216 Zim jobs in SA 22 Mar 2017 at 15:32hrs | 6899 Bogus article on 'New Permits For ZSP Holders' 25 Mar 2017 at 19:38hrs | 6879 Zimbabwe plane crash kills 6 - report 27 Mar 2017 at 15:37hrs | 6688 Mighty Warrior gay video released on socila media 25 Mar 2017 at 14:58hrs | 5679 News Local Regional National Africa Education Health Religion International Agriculture Press Release Live APO Sports Local Soccer Cricket Basketball Rugby Schools Live Other Business Local Companies Economy International Your Money Lifestyle Dose of Encouragement Eats Fashion Health Travel and Tourism Relationships Comics Photos Opinion Columnist Interviews Speeches Letters Blogs Book Reviews Religion Women's Corner WhatsApp Updates Bereavements Entertainment Music Celebrity Movies Games TV Guide Arts Radio Shows Events Team Bulawayo Weekend Guide Technology Motors Camera Internet Mobile phone Computers Software Robotics Science Other Videos News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Tourism Health Documentary Viral Other News Archive Widgets Site map RSS Feeds About Us Contact Us Our Team News Team editor@bulawayo24.com news@bulawayo24.com info@bulawayo24.com Advertising advertise@bulawayo24.com © Copyright 2010 - 2017 Bulawayo24 is not responsible for the content of external sites | IP Policy | Terms of Service | Help | Contact Us Powered by eDuzeNet Share Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit RSS Feeds Latest Stories
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS U.S. Air Force buys additional Boeing QF-16 targets by Ryan Maass Washington (UPI) Mar 23, 2017 Boeing received a $24.6 million contract modification to supply 18 QF-16 full-scale aerial targets to the U.S. Air Force. QF-16 full-scale aerial targets, or FSATs, are retired F-16 fighter jets used to support the Air Force's next-generation combat training programs. The unmanned platforms are being procured to replace the branch's existing QF-4 fleet as a better representation of modern aerial threats. Under the contract with the Air Force, Boeing will provide 18 of the aircraft in addition to 18 four-year warranties for the drones. The U.S. Department of Defense says the work will be performed in St. Louis, Mi., and is expected to be complete by the end of April 2027. Boeing received all funding at the time of the modification award. The project will be managed by the Air Force Life Cycle Management Center. The United States is the only primary customer for Boeing's QF-16. Tweet U.S. Air Force delivers refurbished F-16s to Indonesia Washington (UPI) Mar 22, 2017 Four refurbished F-16 Fighting Falcons were flown from the United States to Indonesia recently for delivery to the Indonesian Air Force. The delivery of the aircraft was the fifth of six from the U.S. Air Force Ogden Air Logistics Complex as part of a Foreign Military Sales deal for 24 Block-25 F-16s, Air Force officials said in a press release. The F-16 aircraft involved were or ... read more Related Links Aerospace News at SpaceMart.com Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Russia to Build First New-Generation 'Federation' Spacecraft by 2021 NASA Selects New Research Teams to Further Solar System Research Two more spacewalks for Thomas Pesquet Trump's budget would cut NASA asteroid mission, earth science Russia, China could cooperate on developing reusable rockets India gets indigenously built hypersonic wind tunnel Rocket Lab raises $75M in funding for scaling up production of electron rocket SpaceX cargo ship returns to Earth Does Mars Have Rings? Not Right Now, But Maybe One Day ExoMars: science checkout completed and aerobraking begins Mars Rover Tests Driving, Drilling and Detecting Life in Chile's High Desert Opportunity Driving South to Gully China Develops Spaceship Capable of Moon Landing Long March-7 Y2 ready for launch of China's first cargo spacecraft China Seeks Space Rockets Launched from Airplanes Riding an asteroid: China's next space goal Globalsat Sky and Space Global sign MoU for testing and offering satellite service in Latin America OneWeb Satellites breaks ground on high-volume satellite manufacturing facility A Consolidated Intelsat and OneWeb UK funding space entrepreneurs Why water splashes: New theory reveals secrets Pulverizing electronic waste is green, clean - and cold Scientists aim to create self-propelling liquid, a new kind of matter Visualizing nuclear radiation Fossil or inorganic structure? Scientists dig into early life forms Gigantic Jupiter-type planet reveals insights into how planets evolve Operation of ancient biological clock uncovered Visualizing debris disk "roller derby" to understand planetary system evolution Scientists make the case to restore Pluto's planet status ESA's Jupiter mission moves off the drawing board NASA Mission Named 'Europa Clipper' Juno Captures Jupiter Cloudscape in High Resolution Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Live Video: Watch Richard Branson’s excellent entrepreneurial adventure in Seattle How 1,200 volunteers on Slack are saving democracy, one data set at a time GeekWire Calendar Picks: Meet the VC who ditched the Bay Area for Seattle; Feature Friday gets a new name; and more BMW’s ReachNow car-sharing service launches new ‘Corporate Fleet’ at Seattle office tower Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service ‘Uber for car repair’ startup Wrench raises $4M for peer-to-peer marketplace Amazon wins bidding for Souq.com, announces deal to acquire Middle East e-commerce giant Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Paul Allen’s airplane showcase expands, rebrands as Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Former Clinton advisor on why the U.S. needs to promote entrepreneurship in developing countries Emoji update to include 69 new images: breastfeeding woman, zombie, steak and more How this legal software startup used its funding round to support legal aid under Trump budget cuts Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon keeps adding pop-up stores in malls across U.S. as it expands physical presence 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Twitter starts using IBM’s Watson technology to help identify bullies who tweet Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks Reports point to caution signals for Amazon Go checkout-free store 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Jump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports SpaceX’s Elon Musk isn’t smiling over NASA authorization for Mars missions Adobe unveils new Microsoft HoloLens and Amazon Alexa integrations Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut The secret science of your office space: How architects are using neuroscience to make workers healthier and more productive Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Starbucks teams up with Ford and Amazon to allow in-car orders via Alexa Microsoft outage: Office 365, Xbox Live, Outlook, and more suffer account sign-in issues Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Trending: Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Space & Science Spacewalkers help get station ready for space taxis during first of three outings by Alan Boyle on March 24, 2017 at 1:43 pmMarch 25, 2017 at 12:00 am Comments  2 Share  42 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Early-bird tix on sale for the GeekWire Awards! French astronaut Thomas Pesquet makes contact with the International Space Station’s robotic arm during a spacewalk. (NASA TV) Spacewalkers made progress today on preparations at the International Space Station for the arrival of the first commercial space taxis. During today’s operation, which lasted just over six and a half hours, NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and French astronaut Thomas Pesquet disconnected cables and electrical connections on a big piece of equipment known as the Pressurized Mating Adapter-3, or PMA-3. NASA said the astronauts also lubricated parts on the Dextre manipulator that’s at the end of the station’s Canadian-built robotic arm, inspected a radiator valve and replaced some external cameras. PMA-3 serves as the interface between the ports on the station’s modules and another apparatus known as the International Docking Adapter, which is built to fit the hatches of SpaceX’s Crew Dragon and Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner. Both SpaceX and Boeing are still developing and testing those space taxis, but if all goes according to plan, SpaceX says it could launch the Crew Dragon into orbit on an uncrewed demonstration flight by the end of this year. The first crewed flight to the station is expected to happen no earlier than next year. That would mark the first launch of U.S. astronauts from U.S. soil since the space shuttle fleet’s retirement in 2011. Unhooking the PMA-3’s connections is just one step in the installation procedure. Astronauts plan to use the station’s robotic arm to move the adapter from the Tranquility module to its new spot on the Harmony module on Sunday. Kimbrough and NASA’s Peggy Whitson will reconnect the cables and wires during a second spacewalk, set for March 30. They’ll also install shields and covers on the now-vacant Tranquility port. Whitson and Pesquet will take on a third spacewalk to replace an avionics box on the station’s truss. The box contains electrical equipment and the electronics for science experiments and other hardware stored outside the station. The replacement box is due to be sent to the station in an Orbital ATK Cygnus robotic cargo capsule. The Cygnus’ launch date is currently up in the air, due to a booster hydraulic issue relating to its Atlas 5 launch vehicle. If the issue can be resolved in time, the third spacewalk is targeted for April 6. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments 2 Share  42 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Previous StoryGeek of the Week: Data-driven CEO Omri Kohl aims to transform businesses at Pyramid Analytics Next StoryThe Week in Geek: How Starbucks and Amazon are becoming more alike Filed Under: Space  Tagged With: International space station • NASA • Spacewalk GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Space station crew installs a new front door for SpaceX and Boeing spaceships Spacewalkers finish swapping batteries Spacewalkers take on fix-up chores in orbit SpaceX Dragon cargo ship delivers DNA sequencer and new door to space station Previous StoryGeek of the Week: Data-driven CEO Omri Kohl aims to transform businesses at Pyramid Analytics Next StoryThe Week in Geek: How Starbucks and Amazon are becoming more alike Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Most Popular on GeekWire Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp Marketing ManagerAnswerDash Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Live Video: Watch Richard Branson’s excellent entrepreneurial adventure in Seattle How 1,200 volunteers on Slack are saving democracy, one data set at a time GeekWire Calendar Picks: Meet the VC who ditched the Bay Area for Seattle; Feature Friday gets a new name; and more BMW’s ReachNow car-sharing service launches new ‘Corporate Fleet’ at Seattle office tower Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service ‘Uber for car repair’ startup Wrench raises $4M for peer-to-peer marketplace Amazon wins bidding for Souq.com, announces deal to acquire Middle East e-commerce giant Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Paul Allen’s airplane showcase expands, rebrands as Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Former Clinton advisor on why the U.S. needs to promote entrepreneurship in developing countries Emoji update to include 69 new images: breastfeeding woman, zombie, steak and more How this legal software startup used its funding round to support legal aid under Trump budget cuts Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon keeps adding pop-up stores in malls across U.S. as it expands physical presence 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Twitter starts using IBM’s Watson technology to help identify bullies who tweet Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks Reports point to caution signals for Amazon Go checkout-free store 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Jump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports SpaceX’s Elon Musk isn’t smiling over NASA authorization for Mars missions Adobe unveils new Microsoft HoloLens and Amazon Alexa integrations Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut The secret science of your office space: How architects are using neuroscience to make workers healthier and more productive Starbucks teams up with Ford and Amazon to allow in-car orders via Alexa Microsoft outage: Office 365, Xbox Live, Outlook, and more suffer account sign-in issues Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Trending: Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Space & Science Electroimpact to pay $485,000 over claims of workplace harassment against Muslims by Alan Boyle on March 24, 2017 at 4:51 pmMarch 24, 2017 at 5:12 pm News Brief Mukilteo-based Electroimpact, one of Boeing’s best-known suppliers for aerospace tools and automation, will pay $485,000 after an investigation into allegations of anti-Muslim hiring practices and other discriminatory behavior, the Washington state attorney general’s office announced today. “The conduct outlined in our complaint is outrageous,” Attorney General Bob Ferguson said. The complaint cites a hiring process that screened out applicants who were perceived to be Muslims, anti-Muslim postings that popped up on internal email forums, and bonuses that were paid out to employees who got married or had children. Under the terms of a consent decree filed on Thursday in Snohomish County Superior Court, Electroimpact denies wrongdoing but agrees to pay restitution of $485,000, reduce company president Peter Zieve’s role in hiring, make other changes in employment practices and conduct outreach to minority job applicants. Aerospace firm Electroimpact agrees to pay $485K after AG finds ‘shocking’ discrimination… https://t.co/2olm6oEVfB via @seattletimes — WA Attorney General (@AGOWA) March 24, 2017   Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. Comments 28 Share  53 Tweet Share  5 Reddit Email Previous StoryAmazon will collect sales tax in four additional states starting April 1 Next StoryThis Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Filed Under: Science  Tagged With: attorney general • Attorney General Bob Ferguson • Boeing • Electroimpact GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Watch: Washington state AG says, ‘No one is above the law — not even the president’ Washington AG explains how Amazon, Expedia, and Microsoft influenced crucial victory over Trump Comcast battles Washington AG’s lawsuit, citing ‘profound’ flaws and $3.6B in possible damages Court filings: Expedia and Amazon make the case against Trump’s immigration order Previous StoryAmazon will collect sales tax in four additional states starting April 1 Next StoryThis Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Most Popular on GeekWire Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp Marketing ManagerAnswerDash Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Jefferies Sees Boeing’s New Factory as a Huge Catalyst By Chris Lange March 23, 2017 12:15 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) is creating state-of-the-art manufacturing solutions at its Everett factory to renew its B777 line and to produce the B787 more efficiently. At the same time, its Composite Wing Facility is on schedule. According to one key analyst, these changes should help long-term profitability. Jefferies has a Buy rating for Boeing with a $200 price target, implying an upside of 13% from Wednesday’s closing price of $176.98. This view on Boeing contrasts greatly from Merrill Lynch’s call from Wednesday. Merrill Lynch maintained an Underperform rating, while lifting its price objective to $150 from $135, implying downside of 23% from Tuesday’s close of $175.96. According to the brokerage firm, Boeing continues to lead in the civil aviation market, which is growing slightly faster than gross domestic product. Boeing has improved its operating disciplines and has the ability to grow its cash flow per share at a high-single-digit rate over the next several years. Boeing’s 1.1 million square foot Composite Wing Center for the 777X is on schedule. Jefferies believes the wing that emerges from this center will go a long way toward delivering a 20% improvement in the seat mile cost of the newest 777 over its predecessor. The first several wing forms are being built and will soon undergo testing. The plane will have the longest wingspan of any twin-engine aircraft. Currently, two-thirds of the 777 is now being assembled using robotics. The gains in quality and reduction in waste should increase assembly speeds and lead to lower costs in the future. Over the past year, span times on the 787 have declined by 55% to 60%, while more gains are expected as the company plans on removing a work station from the line by the end of the year. North Charleston has been able to introduce the 787-10 into the line with only a minor bump in the learning curve. In the near term, the company has elected to go with a stretch 737, offering the MAX 10X. Longer term, it appears that the company has an attractive concept for the 4,000-nautical-mile market. The cost for the new 737 is expected to be modest and complements the existing lineup. Shares of Boeing were last seen at $177.17 on Thursday, with a consensus analyst price target of $175.75 and a consensus analyst price target of $122.35 to $185.71. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Why Iger’s Contract Extension With Disney Matters America’s Fastest Growing Cities » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Analyst Upgrades, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The World's 31 Mega-Cities The Best and Worst States to Grow Old The Safest States in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent The Path for Apple Shares to Rocket to $200 Ahead How Facebook Is Getting Even More Political Morgan Stanley Cuts Price Targets on Natural Gas-Related Firms Why Catalyst Bio Nearly Tripled Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Could Real-World Studies Boost These 3 Big Pharma Stocks' Prospects? Snap Stock Falls as Facebook, Inc. Launches More Copycat Snapchat Features The 3 Best Media Stocks to Buy in 2017 Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl McCormick (MKC) Q1 Earnings Beats, Revenues Miss Estimates Carnival (CCL) Beats on Q1 Earnings, Lifts FY17 Guidance Why Investors are Bailing Out of US Stock ETFs Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Tesla deal boosts Chinese presence in U.S. auto tech GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Oil Prices End At Highest Level In About a Week Chesapeake Energy's Stock Rallies On Heavy Volume After Bullish Note From Wunderlich Analyst Why Are Shale Drillers Spending $25 Billion at the Mere Hint of an Oil-Price Increase? GOP Congressman Turns Science Committee Into Platform For His Own Anti-Science Views Fake Target Employee Stole $40,000 In Merchandise, Police Say Coal Executive Admits Donald Trump Can't Single-Handedly Save The Industry Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States New China Airliner Major Threat to Boeing By Douglas A. McIntyre March 25, 2017 9:05 am EDT Print Email Tweet Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) recently said that Asia, and particularly China, are the key to its future growth. China just put up a barrier to those ambitions. Its new, locally built jetliner has passed a critical series of tests. In Boeing’s most recent 20-year industry forecast (2016 to 2035), its experts wrote: The Asia region continues to demonstrate vigorous economic growth at a rate of 4.1 percent per year, outpacing the global average by 2.9 percent. Driven by China and India as the main engines of growth, the region’s share of world GDP is projected to rise from 31 percent today to 39 percent by 2035. The significant growth rate in this emerging market is expected to continue. As a result, airlines, airport capacity, and passenger traffic are expected to experience a robust growth rate in the next 20 years. Demand in commercial aviation is also coming from the continuing expansion of the middle class in Asia, where a greater sector of the population is reaching income levels that make flying more affordable. The People’s Daily described the latest development in China’s local initiative: China’s first large domestically designed and built passenger jetliner has passed a major technical assessment, bringing it a closer to its maiden flight, sources with the developer said Saturday. An evaluation committee consisting 63 aviation specialists from across China has agreed the C919 is technically ready for its maiden flight, said the Shanghai-based aircraft maker, Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) in a press release. The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet’s design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. The committee has proven the C919 is technically airworthy but the jet is still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it takes to the air. The jet was built in 2015 and COMAC completed the onboard systems installation as well as major static and system integration tests before the technical assessment. The C919, with over 150 seats and a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, is expected to compete with the updated Airbus 320 and Boeing’s new-generation 737, which currently dominate the market. By the end of 2016, 21 customers had placed orders for more than 500 C919 aircraft, and COMAC expects to sell at least 2,000. Boeing is often identified as the single largest American exporter. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « 7 Analyst Stock Picks That Could Surge 50%, 100% or Exponentially How Health Care Stocks Responded to the Shelved Health Care Bill » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Corporate Performance, featured, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The World's 31 Mega-Cities The Best and Worst States to Grow Old The Safest States in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent The Path for Apple Shares to Rocket to $200 Ahead How Facebook Is Getting Even More Political Morgan Stanley Cuts Price Targets on Natural Gas-Related Firms Why Catalyst Bio Nearly Tripled Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Could Real-World Studies Boost These 3 Big Pharma Stocks' Prospects? Snap Stock Falls as Facebook, Inc. Launches More Copycat Snapchat Features The 3 Best Media Stocks to Buy in 2017 Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl McCormick (MKC) Q1 Earnings Beats, Revenues Miss Estimates Carnival (CCL) Beats on Q1 Earnings, Lifts FY17 Guidance Why Investors are Bailing Out of US Stock ETFs Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Tesla deal boosts Chinese presence in U.S. auto tech GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Oil Prices End At Highest Level In About a Week Chesapeake Energy's Stock Rallies On Heavy Volume After Bullish Note From Wunderlich Analyst Why Are Shale Drillers Spending $25 Billion at the Mere Hint of an Oil-Price Increase? GOP Congressman Turns Science Committee Into Platform For His Own Anti-Science Views Fake Target Employee Stole $40,000 In Merchandise, Police Say Coal Executive Admits Donald Trump Can't Single-Handedly Save The Industry Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Opinions Columns Ravi Shankar Make MPs accountable for governance By Ravi Shankar  |   Published: 26th March 2017 04:00 AM  |   Last Updated: 26th March 2017 01:22 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email Caesar’s wife is having marital problems. In the nuptial nightmare of power and probity, the conduct of our esteemed legislators is rocking the boat. Last week, Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad divorced all norms of conduct worthy of a denizen of Parliament when he hit a senior Air India official, all because he was refused a Business Class seat.  “I hit the staffer 25 times, not just once,” Gaikwad boasted as if he was hitting a quarter century in a Ranji Trophy match.  One of the perks of being an MP is unlimited Business Class air travel when the House is in session. MPs fly between Delhi and their constituencies as if it’s always Boeing, Boeing, Gone. Unless some of them are busy partying over the weekend. Though this applies no more to most BJP MPs since the prime minister frowns upon his elected flock living it up. He would rather they go about cleaning garbage in their constituencies and put MPLADs to good use, besides adopting villages for Garibi Mukt Bharat. But Gaikwad is not a BJP MP, though the Shiv Sena is an NDA constituent. Hence, he is not accountable to the prime minister. Perhaps, the reason why Gaikwad lied to the media that airline officials answer only to Modi. Airlines, for once closed ranks and banned him on all flights, forcing him to take a train. Not that trains are any different for this privileged lot. MPs—and even ex-MPs— are entitled to free First Class rail travel in air conditioned comfort. Trains routinely stop at stations where legislators get off at convenient points in their constituencies. Indian Railways are making the services of special officials available to handle MPs’ comforts, ticketing and welcomes. Isn’t it time to stop our Members of Parliament from enjoying freebies at the taxpayer’s expense? Why should an MP, who represents millions of mostly hungry, illiterate, unemployed and disempowered Indians live life business class?  The reason is that MPs are not answerable to anyone. Bureaucrats are answerable to ministers, who are answerable to the Prime Minister, who is answerable to the people. But MPs? The Constitution or Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in Lok Sabha do not define the responsibilities of MPs. As the erudite Odisha MP Baijayant Panda wrote, “the powers, of each House of Parliament, and of the members and the committees of each House, shall be defined by Parliament by law from time to time.”  And MPs make the law. Some MPs and crime even make good bedfellows, contesting elections from jail, canvassed for by their goon brigade. For democracy to be redeemed, MPs have to make a law making them accountable to people. A rating system must be put in place, to assess their performance in public works and House debates. They should be sacked if they fail to meet their targets. The practice of appointing celebrities or loyalists as guest MPs must stop. They should stay in touch with the aam aadmi by flying cattle class. It is not the MP’s privilege to be a VIP. They exist thanks to the people. The sacred cow of the expense account politician must be tethered. Like Caesar, it’s time to cross the Rubicon.  Did I hear anyone say ‘Et tu, Brutus?’  O P E N Jobs Wisdom Jobs Sarkari Result Freejobalert Latest I-T department identifies 1,155 shell companies used for money laundering Uber pulls out of Denmark citing tougher cab standards US general says coalition probably had role in civilian casualties in Mosul Verdict in Chhota Rajan's fake passport case on Apr 12 Man detained with suspicious package outside White House Pakistan voices serious concerns over growing Indo-US partnership Supreme Court reserves order on pleas for ban on BS-III vehicles sale Pakistan man strangles teenage daughter for honour Gallery Cultural significance of Gudi Padwa: Maharashtra's New Year  'Fearless Girl' extends face-off with Wall Street's 'Charging Bull' arrow Videos Shraddha Kapoor, Arjun Kapoor romance in the rain for 'Half Girlfriend' Watch: Gudi Padwa celebrations in full swing arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here. US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business › economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Manufacturing sector Aircraft orders increase tenfold in a year in boost for UK manufacturing Aerospace industry delivered 100 aircraft in February, worth £2bn to UK, with orders up to 43, but uncertainty rises over Brexit An employee checks the nose cone of a Trent XWB aircraft engine at the Rolls-Royce factory in Derby. Photograph: Bloomberg/Getty Manufacturing sector Aircraft orders increase tenfold in a year in boost for UK manufacturing Aerospace industry delivered 100 aircraft in February, worth £2bn to UK, with orders up to 43, but uncertainty rises over Brexit Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Angela Monaghan Monday 27 March 2017 01.30 EDT The global aerospace industry enjoyed a surge in aircraft orders in February, putting it on track for another record year of deliveries and boosting the UK economy. The number of commercial aircraft ordered by airlines jumped to 43 last month from just four in February 2016, according to ADS, the industry trade association. The figures are based on orders for the planemakers Airbus, Boeing, Canada’s Bombardier, the Chinese state-owned firm Comac and Russia’s Irkut. Growth was driven mainly by demand for single-aisle planes designed for short-haul travel. The industry delivered 100 aircraft to customers over the month, with a value of up to £2bn to the UK economy. This value is from research and development and the manufacturing that take place in the country. Airbus employs about 15,000 people in the UK and makes the wings for its planes at its factory in Broughton, north Wales. Brexit and Trump mean 'dangerous new phase' for Airbus, says boss Read more The number of deliveries in February was down slightly from 102 in the same month last year. A total of 1,443 commercial aircraft rolled off production lines last year, breaking the record for a sixth year. Nonetheless, ADS is forecasting deliveries will rise by 6%-7% this year to more than 1,500 new aircraft. Paul Everitt, chief executive of ADS Group, said: “Today’s figures demonstrate continued success for the UK aerospace industry and good prospects for the rest of 2017. The industry is looking to build on 2016’s record year for deliveries, as all major aircraft companies look to increase their production rates.” There was a backlog of 13,436 commercial aircraft on order in February, worth about £220bn to UK industry. This is the third-highest backlog on record for civil aerospace, according to ADS. The aerospace industry has been held up by the government as a poster child for British manufacturing because it is a source of highly skilled jobs and has benefited from close collaboration with the government. However, the Brexit vote has created uncertainty about whether major employers such as Airbus could look to move manufacturing for the next generation of aircraft to other locations. Everitt said that it would be crucial for the UK to secure a good deal with the EU in Brexit negotiations so companies had the confidence to invest in Britain. “This week the government intends to trigger article 50, starting a two-year process to determine the UK’s exit terms from the European Union. It will be vital for industry and government to work together to secure a good deal, one that gives companies in our sectors the confidence to invest and create more high value jobs in every region of the UK,” Everitt said. Topics Manufacturing sector Airbus Boeing Airline industry Global economy Economics news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Manufacturing sector back to top US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, March 28, 2017 11:59 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Why new long-haul planes could destroy airlines (VIDEO) Monday March 27, 2017 12:56 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Johnny Depp to star as John McAfee in ‘King of the Jungle’ The Edit: Hollande presents Michelle Yeoh with third award PKR: Wan Azizah may leave hospital soon, illness nothing serious The Edit: Noble son or killer? China court case prompts debate Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Next year, Singapore Airlines Ltd will restart direct flights to New York, and Qantas Airways Ltd will make its first nonstop flights to the UK. — AFP picNEW YORK, March 27 — The global aviation map is about to shift in a way we’ve not seen in three decades. Since the introduction of the Boeing Co 747-400 in the late 1980s, the range limits and economics of long-haul jets have been more or less fixed. New fuel-efficient planes such as Boeing’s 787 and 777X and Airbus SE’s A350 are changing that. Next year, Singapore Airlines Ltd will restart direct flights to New York, and Qantas Airways Ltd will make its first nonstop flights to the UK. Soon, we could see direct routes between Singapore and Sao Paulo, London and Sydney, or Jakarta and Los Angeles — and that could make life surprisingly difficult for incumbent long-haul carriers. — Bloomberg Gadfly                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Najib: Peugeot, Proton in talks on possible partnership Tesco to pay £214m to settle false accounting charges Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Nothing in this region comes close to Pengerang Jack Ma: DFTZ will be a Malaysian-run business Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles IATA: Airlines soaring to record profits For the young and dynamic ‘Vietjetters’, the sky is the limit Top airlines look to no-frills fares to win back travellers to Europe Five tips on surviving a long-haul flight Airline earnings to hit US$40b as cheap oil beats slowing demand Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror Female-Fronted Horror Anthology XX Finds The Dread In Domesticity  Aldi Cocoon Ultra HD Media Player: Australian Review BeatsX Wireless Headphones: Australian Review Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: The Gizmodo Review Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror Female-Fronted Horror Anthology XX Finds The Dread In Domesticity  Smart Home & Gadgets Ikea Has 'Smart' Lighting Now Amazon's Automated Grocery Store Works Great As Long As Nobody Runs Or Moves Stuff Around Shoppers Fly Down Staircase After 25-Metre Escalator Is Thrown Into Reverse Melbourne's Weather Is So Awful Someone Invented A Jacket To Deal With It Mobile How To Watch Samsung's Galaxy S8 Launch Live Stream CarPlay, Siri And AirPods Get New Features In Apple's iOS 10.3 Update For Some Reason, Samsung Might Sell Refurbished Versions Of Its Exploding Phones How To Run Windows On An iPhone, No Jailbreak Required Car Tech Report: Former British PM David Cameron Encouraged London Mayor To Drop Uber Regulations Which Character Caused The Most Damage In The 'Fast And The Furious' Movies? Your Ridiculously Awesome Ferrari Wallpaper Is Here Intoxicated Man 'Showing Off' New Subaru WRX Runs It Into A House: Police  Online The Most NSFW Site For Streaming Every Star Wars Movie Is Pornhub Discord Has A Child Porn Problem How To Protect Your PC From Trolls, Hackers And Other Obnoxious Security Threats What Will Elon Musk And Tim Cook Do For Trump's New 'Office Of American Innovation'? Science & Health Trump's Drastic Move To Dismantle The Clean Power Plan Won't Bring Coal Back New Up-Close Image Of Jupiter Is So Hypnotic It Hurts Americans Have Somehow Helped The Environment Without Even Trying Mice Have Been Mooching Off Humans For An Astounding 15,000 Years Cameras Carrying A Flying Camera Drone Results In Some Beautifully Stabilised Shots Rediscovered 1920s Home Movies Are The First To Show The White House In Colour This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid UK Testing Out Drone Army To Beef Up Its Already Robust Surveillance State  Computing Intel Claims Its Magical New Memory Will Speed Your Computer Up For Cheap You Can Download Night Shift For MacOS For Free Right Now Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle US Congressman Wants To Use Facial Recognition To Track Immigrants Gaming Watch The Halo World Championships Live (Thanks To Twitter) Supergirl Shows Up To Fight Her Jerk Cousin In Injustice 2 Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Game Of Thrones Is Getting A Tabletop Miniatures Game... Of Thrones Entertainment T'Challa Goes Car Surfing In The First Official Picture From Black Panther The New Spider-Man: Homecoming Trailer Features So Much Iron Man Trump Official's LEGO Batman Joke Will Be Investigated Because Democrats Clearly Want To Lose In 2020 A Mum Comes To Grips With Her Daughter's Destiny In Fantasy Short Goblin Queen  Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment How To Watch Samsung's Galaxy S8 Launch Live Stream CarPlay, Siri And AirPods Get New Features In Apple's iOS 10.3 Update How You Can Help Australian Scientists Find A New Planet In Our Solar System How To Protect Your PC From Trolls, Hackers And Other Obnoxious Security Threats 'Magic Carpet' Will Make Landing On An Aircraft Carrier So Much Easier Terrell Jermaine Starr and Jalopnik Mar 27, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  aircraft carriers fa-18 foxtrotalpha navy us navy Share Landing an aircraft on a moving vessel requires a particular kind of precision and know-how that very few human beings can execute with significant technological support. Believe it or not, one psychological test observed that the stress landing on a carrier causes pilots more stress than what troops experience in combat. No wonder cleanly landing on a carrier is a source of pride for pilots. The aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush arrives for a of four-day stop in the harbour of Marseille, southern France, Saturday, Nov. 1, 2014. The vessel took part in the mission Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and against the Islamic State group in Iraq. (AP Photo/Claude Paris) So F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and EA-18G Growler pilots are practice landing on the USS Washington (CVN 73) with a fascinating new landing system called Maritime Augmented Guidance with Integrated Controls for Carrier Approach and Recovery Precision Enabling Technologies, or "MAGIC CARPET" for short. (They must have really wanted to use that acronym.) The system takes on many of the stressful aspects of aircraft carrier landing, like having to gauge the course of landing with the moving ship and all of the things the pilot has to consider while doing it, such as adding and reducing power, adjusting the pitch, yaw and roll, as USNI News explains. Instead, the pilot simply controls the flight path. And because the Navy's Boeing F/A-18E/F's all have digital flight controls, Magic Carpet makes that function for the pilot even easier. Consequently, the system improves safety and efficiency for the pilots, taking much of the stress of landing off the pilot and putting it on the system. To be sure, as Breaking Defence puts it, the pilot is still in control. But, with Magic Carpet, he or she has a lot of help: It's rather like the old saying about swans. They seem smooth and graceful as they swim, but below the surface there's a great deal of frantic paddling. With Magic Carpet, the computer is doing that paddling, constantly making tiny adjustments — faster and more precisely than any human could manage — to keep the aircraft on the pilot's desired course. In a further birdlike touch, a Super Hornet using Magic Carpet constantly flexes its control surfaces, making the wing look like it's rippling. "If you ever watch a bird," said Denham, "he's modulating lift… to decel(erate) and control which limb he's going to grab onto…warping and changing the whole wing." Such "Direct Lift Control" has been tried before, starting decades ago, but without automation, it often proved too complicated for human pilots to keep track of. When Magic Carpet is switched on, the pilot no longer directly controls the flaps, throttle, and so on. Instead, he or she chooses a path and the computer makes the fine adjustments to get and stay on it. Affecting one aspect of flight — angle, speed, alignment, and so on — still affects the others, but the pilot can focus on one at a time while the computer keeps the others under control. The pilot remains a crucial part of the system. And Navy Aviation News spoke with a Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) official who spoke wonders of Magic Carpet: "All results showed benefits in touchdown dispersion reduction of more than 50 per cent when compared to current landing control techniques," said James "Buddy" Denham, a NAVAIR senior aeromechanics engineer. Touchdown dispersions refer to the differences between the actual and ideal landing points. The system is expected to be released in 2019. In fact, the Naval Aviation Enterprise leadership told NAVAIR to deliver the system as is earlier than that because it performed so well. Of course, all of the features set to be on the final version of the system are not complete. But this will actually give pilots, who renamed the system Precision Landing Modes (PLM), more time to experiment with it and pass on suggestions to improve Magic Carpet before the final software is released. Which works out for the service because they will likely lead to fewer dangerous landings — and less stressed out pilots. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments bonehead @bonehead Mar 27, 2017, 1:00pm Whew, close call. Luckily they didn't call it "Integrated Technology System for Carrier Recovery and Approach Precision"... Reply 3 backfromthedead @backfromthedead Mar 27, 2017, 7:16pm Lol Reply 0 eprinsloo @eprinsloo Mar 27, 2017, 7:29pm Nice one, bonehead! Reply 0 eprinsloo @eprinsloo Mar 27, 2017, 7:31pm Also, aircraft carriers, and their pilots is probably going to be a relic soon. A carrier ship with drones can do the job for a fraction of the price, me thinks... Reply 0 honestsailor Guest Mar 28, 2017, 9:26am You honestly have to love the fact the every defence force HAS to make its new system an acronym that spells something no matter what the device actually does or if it makes sense. Typical. Reply 0 duckwaffle @duckwaffle Mar 28, 2017, 2:36pm I think it has more to do with the fact that the systems are designed and developed by software nerds, developers love backronyms like WINE and LAME. Reply 0 munfis @munfis Mar 28, 2017, 5:02pm As long as they still train and test the pilots on unassisted landings. Can imagine a buggered or battle damaged F18 might not have full computer capability, and the pilots are still going to have to avoid losing an expensive plane or smashing onto the deck of a multi-billion dollar ship Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now United Airlines Refused To Board Female Passengers Because They Wore Leggings Alanis King 27 Mar 2017 9:15 AM Twitter user Shannon Watts started a firestorm on Sunday by saying she saw three passengers barred from a flight on United Airlines, apparently because they were wearing spandex leggings. In responding, United representatives repeated that the airline can "refuse passengers who are not properly clothed." NASA Is Eyeing Off A Breakthrough Australian Scientific Discovery That Could Reverse Aging (And Help Get Us To Mars) Rae Johnston 27 Mar 2017 9:45 AM This is incredible. University of New South Wales researchers have made a discovery that could lead to a drug that actually reverses aging - and could even help NASA get its astronauts to Mars. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Buy A LG G6, Get A Free TV Trending Articles 1 United Airlines Refused To Board Female Passengers Because They Wore Leggings 2 NASA Is Eyeing Off A Breakthrough Australian Scientific Discovery That Could Reverse Aging (And Help Get Us To Mars) 3 Melbourne's Weather Is So Awful Someone Invented A Jacket To Deal With It T'Challa Goes Car Surfing In The First Official Picture From Black Panther Trump's Drastic Move To Dismantle The Clean Power Plan Won't Bring Coal Back How To Watch Samsung's Galaxy S8 Launch Live Stream The New Spider-Man: Homecoming Trailer Features So Much Iron Man Discord Has A Child Porn Problem Some Terrific Dishonored 2 Cosplay Uwe Boll's Restaurant Is Better Than His Movies How To Make Awesome Japanese Curry From Bricks Put The Clock Back On The Right In Windows 10 Quickly Merge Together A Bunch Of Finder Windows With The Merge All Windows Option Eat An Egg Before Bed To Help You Sleep Better Why It's Important To Cancel Dinner Reservations If You Can't Make It Cable news networks are shattering ratings records The Trump administration is judging itself on the wrong market 'See them in court': Cities vow they will resist the Trump administration over 'sanctuary' policies The Senator from ground zero of the opioid crisis has no idea what he's talking about © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Spacewalk Preps ISS For New Spaceships To Dock Elana Glowatz International Business TimesMarch 24, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share We are closer than ever to being able to hail a “space taxi” and jet up to the International Space Station. Astronauts aboard the ISS went on a spacewalk Friday and prepped the space station so they can later install “the second of two parking spots for space taxis,” France-based international news service AFP has reported. Those spaceships will be used by companies like SpaceX and Boeing, which are looking to bring astronauts into orbit, perhaps as early as next year. Read: Space Debris Is Choking Earth’s Orbit Until then, Russia’s Soyuz vehicles have been taking all of the spacemen and spacewomen up there, including those from other nations. NASA had previously transported astronauts with its space shuttles — a fleet that once included Atlantis, Endeavour, Discovery and Enterprise, as well as the ill-fated Challenger and Columbia — before that program was discontinued. spacewalk-032417More Spacewalkers Thomas Pesquet (left) and Shane Kimbrough meet at the Quest airlock to begin wrapping up their successful venture. Photo: NASA TV The astronauts who journeyed out in the vacuum of space to work on the parking spots, officially called International Docking Adapters, were Frenchman Thomas Pesquet and American Shane Kimbrough, who are currently living aboard the ISS. Pesquet is a flight engineer from the European Space Agency and Kimbrough is a commander on NASA’s Expedition 50. They did their job for 6.5 hours as the space station, which is as long as a football field, hurtled in orbit around the Earth. According to NASA, further spacewalks are planned for Thursday, March 30, and Thursday, April 6. In the first of those, Kimbrough will once again venture outside with NASA flight engineer Peggy Whitson. Whitson and Pesquet will take the third shift. Those spacewalks can be viewed live on NASA TV. “Spacewalkers have now spent a total of 1,236 hours and 38 minutes working outside the station during 198 spacewalks in support of assembly and maintenance of the orbiting laboratory,” NASA said. See also: NASA Makes Little Friend for Mars Rover Brown Dwarf Is the Biggest Ever Found Related Articles 4 Signs Of Extraterrestrial Life Forms The Eruptions On Dwarf Planet Ceres May Hold Clues About Extraterrestrial Life Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Star athlete → injury → opioids → addiction → death 1251 reactions4%50%46% Clashes in Kashmir: Civilians killed in protests against Indian rule 35 reactions2%77%21% White House plan to help pay for border wall is a long shot 8792 reactions5%65%30% Lawyer says Trump administration moved to squelch testimony 2066 reactions2%64%34% On the brink of famine: Worst humanitarian crisis hits as Trump slashes foreign aid 440 reactions3%68%29% Rep. Schiff on the Russia investigation, Rep. Nunes, former AG Sally Yeats, and more How the Photo 'Napalm Girl" Changed the Vietnam War 6 reactions0%69%31% Why Michelle Pfeiffer Disappeared From Hollywood 240 reactions16%72%12% Investor burned by Bernie Madoff jumps to death from Manhattan hotel 989 reactions5%65%30% Eminem’s Daughter Hailie Scott Is All Grown Up — and She’s Beautiful 421 reactions9%74%17% Photos of the day - March 27, 2017 7 reactions0%89%11% Ann Romney is willing to lobby against Trump’s proposed cuts to NIH 5 reactions50%50%0% Catch this recent episode of ABC Nightline 20 reactions15%52%33% TSA Under Fire After Mother Posts Video of Her Son’s ‘Horrifying’ Pat-down 1322 reactions4%67%29% ‘Stop shaking your head’: Spicer scolds reporter who asked how Trump administration plans to revamp its image 276 reactions4%64%32% Donald Trump Claims U.S. Constitution Bars 'Apprentice' Star's Defamation Suit While in Office 1826 reactions5%70%25% Homeless veterans: Trump's budget could hurt efforts Renaissance Man: What did Republican voters expect from this con man? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 758
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-03-28 Tony Moran, Freestyle, Celebrity, DJ, And Music Producer, Discusses His Career Entertainment 2017-03-27 Patrick Stewart To Portray Kellyanne Conway On SNL? Entertainment 2017-03-27 Tim Curry Will Have A Hand In A New Stephen King ‘It’ Project After All Entertainment 2017-03-27 ‘Dance Moms’ Abby Lee Miller Confirms Leaving The Show As ALDC Wins Nationals News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News, Religion 2017-03-28 Pope Francis Fights For Social Justice, Inspiring The Religious Left News 2017-03-28 Tennessee Family Dies In Personal Plane Crash On Way Home From Walt Disney World Opinion 2017-03-28 Colin Kaepernick Is A Good Man Who Deserves Respect, Not Criticism [Opinion] News 2017-03-28 ‘SNL Weekend Update’ Proves True As Eric Trump Spills The Beans On Donald Trump Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-03-28 WWE News: Triple H Claims Roman Reigns Is Already A Heel Wrestling 2017-03-28 WWE News: Sheamus Injured On ‘WWE Raw,’ Updated ‘WrestleMania 33’ Status Wrestling 2017-03-28 WWE News: Enzo Amore Spends $2600 Sneaker Shopping Before ‘WrestleMania 33’ PPV Wrestling 2017-03-28 WWE News: Major Changes Made To ‘WrestleMania’ Matches, Huge Stipulations Added Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-03-26 Celebrate Air Max Day With Limited Multicolor And Knit Nike Air Max Customs Lifestyle 2017-03-23 Haribo Gummi Bears Moving To Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin, And Other Candy Facts Lifestyle 2017-03-22 National Goof-Off Day Encourages Slacking Off On March 22 Lifestyle 2017-03-21 Ten Adult Coloring Pictures For People Who Love April The Giraffe Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-03-26 Heart Disease Prevention Secret Discovered In Bolivian Jungle? Health 2017-03-25 5 Ways Your Pet Can Make You Sick Health 2017-03-24 Drinking Wine Before Bed Could Actually Help You Lose Weight Health 2017-03-22 Five Mistakes MyFitnessPal Users Make That Sabotage Weight Loss Goals Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-03-28 ‘Destiny’ Weekly Reset For March 28, Age Of Triumph Launch Day Science 2017-03-28 Largest-Ever Dinosaur Footprint Found In ‘Australia’s Jurassic Park’ [Video] Technology 2017-03-28 iOS 10.3 Is Rolling Out Today: Six Significant Improvements Users Can Expect Gaming 2017-03-28 ‘Destiny: Age of Triumph’: What You Need To Know BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-03-28 White Girls Told Not To Wear Hoop Earrings Because They Are Sign Of Oppression BuzzWorthy 2017-03-28 Is Asking Melania And Barron Trump To Move Or Pay Up Un-American? [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-03-28 Video Of TSA Pat-Down Search Of Special Needs Child Goes Viral, Mother Furious BuzzWorthy 2017-03-28 Animal Adventure Park Update: April’s Udder Filling As Birth Of Calf Looms Close SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Iran Air Receives Airbus A330 Jet: Why Is It Important For The Islamic Republic? News 3 0 0 March 26, 2017 Iran Air Receives Airbus A330 Jet: Why Is It Important For The Islamic Republic? Susmita Pathak Mishra Airbus has delivered an A330 to Iran Air, which landed at Tehran’s Mehrabad Airport on Saturday. The delivery has come following a sanctions deal signed between the European group and the Iranian flag carrier in December 2016. As part of the agreement, Iran Air purchased 100 planes from the European consortium, which the latter promised to deliver. The latest plane that landed in Tehran is the third of the 100 planes promised by Airbus. The first one was a small A321 plane delivered in January while the second one was yet another A330 that reached Iran in March. The latest aircraft, however, is not a brand new product. The Airbus aircraft was manufactured three years ago. The European company delivered it to Avianca in 2014, but it wasn’t used. The same was the case with the previous Iran Air A321 aircraft delivered in January. [Image by Matt Cardy / Getty Images] A flight that took off from Toulouse, France, delivered the A330 jet in Tehran. It is where the headquarters of Airbus is located. Iran Air Managing Director Farhad Parvaresh attended the ceremony to cherish the remarkable moment for the national flag carrier. The new A330 has 32 business class as well as 206 economy class seats available for passengers. Iran Air and Airbus signed the sanctions deal worth $18 billion. The 100 new planes as promised included 46 A320 aircraft, 38 A330 aircraft, and 16 A350 aircraft. In addition to the European group, Iran also signed an agreement with the United States in the same year. Under the deal, the Iranian flag carrier purchased 80 new planes from Boeing, an American aviation company. Out of those 80, Iran opted for 50 aircraft from the 737 family and 30 aircraft from the 777 family. Moreover, Iran Air is also in talks with European manufacturer ATR to crack a deal for 20 turboprop aircraft, Reuters reported. ATR is jointly owned by Italian firm Leonardo Finmeccanica and Europe’s Airbus. The struggle of Iran Air to gather so many jet planes has come after the emergence of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). It was a nuclear deal signed on July 14, 2015. The agreement put restrictions on Iranian aviation industry. It was signed between Iran and the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. [Image by Pool / Getty Images] The members included the United States, France, Russia, Britain, and China. Germany also joined the list. The deal imposed a limit on Iran as far as its nuclear activities were concerned. One of the factors that led to the imposing of the limits was the removal of nuclear bans against the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic along with the six above-mentioned nations began implementing the JCPOA from January 16, 2016. Iran Air deal with Airbus is remarkable as Iran has not bought any Western-built plane for almost 40 years. However, the nation only purchased one Airbus aircraft in 1988 to replace a jet shot down by the U.S. Navy. Whether it is an agreement of aircraft purchase with Boeing or Airbus, Iran is only trying to stabilize its deteriorating fleet resources. It was before the 1979 Islamic Revolution when Iran sold almost 250 commercial planes. It was observed that only two-thirds of those planes were into service in 2016. It was so because of the shortage of spare parts. The now Iran Air A330 jet is speculated to follow London Heathrow (LHR) route. However, there have been no confirmed reports on this yet. The Airbus purchase can fly from 30 minutes short to 15 hours on a long-haul journey. However, it has been found that the aircraft can take off or land at a spot every 20 seconds on an average worldwide. [Featured Image by Yuli Seperi/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Donald Trump Seeks Support For Tax Reform Now Read This: Pope Francis Fights For Social Justice, Inspiring The Religious Left Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Susmita Pathak Mishra Tags: airbus, iran, tehran August 7, 2014 Ugly Feminists Freak Out Over #FeministsAreUgly Hashtag August 7, 2014 Brooklyn Jogger Finds Apparent Skeleton Decked Out In Nets Gear Comments LATEST HEADLINES Nicole Kidman ‘Begged’ HBO To Cast Alexander Skarsgard In ‘Big Little Lies’ Tennessee Family Dies In Personal Plane Crash On Way Home From Walt Disney World White Girls Told Not To Wear Hoop Earrings Because They Are Sign Of Oppression WWE News: Triple H Claims Roman Reigns Is Already A Heel WWE News: Sheamus Injured On ‘WWE Raw,’ Updated ‘WrestleMania 33’ Status Chris Kattan Opens Up About Accident That Left Him Near Death On ‘DWTS’ Apollo Nida’s Fiancee, Sherien Almufti, Denies Shading Phaedra Parks WWE News: Enzo Amore Spends $2600 Sneaker Shopping Before ‘WrestleMania 33’ PPV Is Asking Melania And Barron Trump To Move Or Pay Up Un-American? [Opinion] Adam Levine Reportedly Only Wants To Do One Season Of ‘The Voice’ Per Year Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Stephen King’s ‘It’: Tim Curry To Star In Documentary About The 1990 Miniseries 6k 0 0 Donald Trump Impeachment: Michael Flynn Flipped On Trump, Working With FBI 3.3k 0 0 Nine Beautiful Hallyu Stars Who Could Be The Next Bond Girl 2.7k 0 0 WWE Rumors: Lita Returning To WWE, Could Join SmackDown Women’s Title Match 2k 0 0 Majority Of Americans Want A Bernie Sanders Single-Payer Healthcare System 1.6k 0 0 $15 An Hour Minimum Wage Vetoed By Democratic Baltimore Mayor Catherine Pugh 1.6k 0 0 Recent Videos News London Attacker “Soldier Of The Islamic State” News Policeman Stabbed, Assailant Shot Outside UK Parliament News Electronics Banned On Flights To U.S. From Ten Airports Politics No Evidence Of Trump Wiretapping Claims: FBI Director Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Navy’s iconic Tupolev aircraft to be decommissioned PTI comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Tupolev-142M anti-submarine warfare aircraft. Photo credit: Wikipedia The role of TU-142M will now be taken on by the newly-inducted P-8l aircraft. New Delhi, Mar 26:   The Indian Navy’s iconic Tupolev-142M anti-submarine warfare aircraft will be decommissioned on Wednesday after serving as a mainstay in guarding the Indian Ocean region for almost three decades. The Soviet-era aircraft, known as one of the most formidable airborne reconnaissance platforms around the world, were part of all major naval exercises and operations of Indian Navy since its induction in 1988. Tupolev-142M fleet is being replaced by 12 P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft of Boeing which are equipped with harpoon anti-ship missiles, lightweight torpedoes, rockets and new generation sensors and radars. A Navy official said the Tupolev-142M aircraft would be decommissioned by Chief of Naval Staff Admiral Sunil Lanba on March 29 at a ceremony at INS Rajali, India’s premier naval air station in Tamil Nadu’s Arakkonam. A total of eight Tupolev-142Ms were inducted into the Navy and currently only three of them are in operation. “The aircraft has done the Indian Navy proud by participating in all major naval exercises and operations with distinction. The aircraft saw action during Operation Cactus in Maldives and participated in operational missions off Sri Lanka to provide airborne surveillance,” said the official. With its four powerful engines, slender fuselage and swept wings, Tupolev is the fastest turboprop aircraft in the world and reportedly is difficult to intercept by fighters. The decommissioning of the reconnaissance aircraft comes weeks after the Navy bid farewell to aircraft carrier INS Viraat. “TU-142M aircraft have had a distinguished service with over 30,000 hours of accident—free flying. During its service life, the aircraft has undergone several modifications and retro fitments to keep up with evolving technology and changing requirements of Indian Navy. “As a result, the aircraft has throughout its service life been participating in and has been a major factor during all Naval operations. Despite being in its twilight years, the aircraft performed exceptionally well during the recently conducted Naval Exercise TROPEX in March 2017,” the official said. The role of TU-142M will now be taken on by the newly-inducted P-8l aircraft. “The P-8I aircraft has proven all its systems and has been fully integrated into the operational grid of the Indian Navy. Commander Yogender Mair, the last commanding officer of the squadron with TU142M aircraft will hand over the reins to Commander V Ranganathan, who will be the first Squadron Commanding Officer with the P-8l,” said the official. The Boeing P-8I aircraft was dedicated to the nation by then Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar in November, 2015. The Navy will also celebrate silver jubilee of INS Rajali, the naval air station which was synonymous with the Tupolev and its home for the last 29 years. The ‘heritage display’ of TU-142M would also be inaugurated as part of the ceremony. (This article was published on March 26, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS politics | defence | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Ennore Oil Spill Two ships collided off the Kamarajar Port, Ennore, tamil Nadu on January 28. One of them carrying 32,813 tonnes of oil, was damaged and this lead to an oil spill. Watch to know more. more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Thousands shelter as 'screaming, howling' Cyclone Debbie hits north Australia US lawmaker says Trump backs H-1B reforms Bill Seven in a row: India beat Australia to win series 2-1 JanaJal eyes a thousand water ATMs in one year Air India cancels Ravindra Gaikwad’s ticket for Mar 29 IIT Roorkee not to hire its PhD students as faculty members India retains ICC Test Championship mace Flying ban on Shiv Sena MP Gaikwad: Centre working at various levels to defuse row Five things to watch out for on March 28 Sushma Swaraj speaks to UP CM over attack on African students in Noida Top Gainers / Top Losers Business Wire TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions Business Wire India TSYS® (NYSE: TSS), a leading global payment solutions provider, today announced it has entered into a definitive a... » Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Business Wire India Murex, the distinguished provider of capital markets and treasury solutions, is proud to announce that it has been named as a Lea... » Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Business Wire India Amid global legal changes which affect the transfer of data between countries and in regulated industries, organisations are grap... » Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Business Wire India Foremay, Inc., a leader of technology innovation in rugged solid state drives and one of the world’s » Read More » LATEST NEWS Five things to watch out for on March 29 1 hr. 19 min. ago Hike in quota for Muslims: KCR faces legal, political battle 2 hr. 39 min. ago Rajya Sabha disrupted over vacancies in key commissions; Centre justifies delays 2 hr. 41 min. ago As BJP eyes Odisha, cracks appear in ruling party BJD 2 hr. 43 min. ago Jaitley briefs party MPs on GST Bills and their benefits 2 hr. 46 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in News Five things to watch out for on March 29 1) The discussion on the Goods and Services Tax Bill will be held in the Lok Sabha on Wednesday. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley tabled th... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Photos Videos Topics Live SA 80/5 (39) - NZ 489/10 (162.1) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home India Navy's iconic Tupolev aircraft to be decommissioned Shares6 Sun, 26 Mar 2017-02:50pm , PTI The Indian Navy's iconic Tupolev-142M anti-submarine warfare aircraft will be decommissioned on Wednesday after serving as a mainstay in guarding the Indian Ocean region for almost three decades. The Soviet-era aircraft, known as one of the most formidable airborne reconnaissance platforms around the world, were part of all major naval exercises and operations of Indian Navy since its induction in 1988. Tupolev-142M fleet is being replaced by 12 P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft of Boeing which are equipped with harpoon anti-ship missiles, lightweight torpedoes, rockets and new generation sensors and radars. A Navy official said the Tupolev-142M aircraft would be decommissioned by Chief of Naval Staff Admiral Sunil Lanba on March 29 at a ceremony at INS Rajali, India's premier naval air station in Tamil Nadu's Arakkonam. A total of eight Tupolev-142Ms were inducted into the Navy and currently only three of them are in operation. "The aircraft has done the Indian Navy proud by participating in all major naval exercises and operations with distinction. The aircraft saw action during Operation Cactus in Maldives and participated in operational missions off Sri Lanka to provide airborne surveillance," said the official. With its four powerful engines, slender fuselage and swept wings, Tupolev is the fastest turboprop aircraft in the world and reportedly is difficult to intercept by fighters. The decommissioning of the reconnaissance aircraft comes weeks after the Navy bid farewell to aircraft carrier INS Viraat. "TU-142M aircraft have had a distinguished service with over 30,000 hours of accident-free flying. During its service life, the aircraft has undergone several modifications and retro fitments to keep up with evolving technology and changing requirements of Indian Navy. "As a result, the aircraft has throughout its service life been participating in and has been a major factor during all Naval operations. Despite being in its twilight years, the aircraft performed exceptionally well during the recently conducted Naval Exercise TROPEX in March 2017," the official said. The role of TU-142M will now be taken on by the newly- inducted P-8l aircraft. "The P-8I aircraft has proven all its systems and has been fully integrated into the operational grid of the Indian Navy. Commander Yogender Mair, the last commanding officer of the squadron with TU142M aircraft will hand over the reins to Commander V Ranganathan, who will be the first Squadron Commanding Officer with the P-8l," said the official. The Boeing P-8I aircraft was dedicated to the nation by then Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar in November, 2015. The Navy will also celebrate silver jubilee of INS Rajali, the naval air station which was synonymous with the Tupolev and its home for the last 29 years. The 'heritage display' of TU-142M would also be inaugurated as part of the ceremony. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read India Pakistan NSA voices 'serious concerns' over growing Indo-US partnership India 2 Aadhaar applications with same biometrics, FIR filed India Dadar and Nagar Haveli: At least 5 dead after boat capsizes with 25 on board in Silvassa India Getting threats for criticising BJP, Modi: Ramachandra Guha India JNU top university, got award but not for Afzal Guru slogans, says Prakash Javadekar India If attending Roza goes against my religion, then I will attend it several times: Mamata Banerjee Next Article > Varun Dhawan BREAKS SILENCE on the controversy regarding his molestation scene in 'Badrinath Ki Dulhania' Live Cricket Score Live SA 80/5 (39), 314/10 (89.2) SA trail by 95 runs NZ 489/10 (162.1) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Varun Dhawan BREAKS SILENCE on the controversy regarding his molestation scene in 'Badrinath Ki Dulhania' Related Kansas attack: Indian-Americans raise $100,000 for man who took a bullet for Srinivas Kuchibhotla Sahayaks shouldn't be employed for menial tasks: Government in Parliament International Women's Day: 'Lady Singham' CRPF officer takes strife-torn Srinagar by storm Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags Navy Boeing Manohar Parrikar Ranganathan Maldives Sri Lanka INS Rajali Indian Ocean INS Viraat Naval Staff Operation Cactus Sunil Lanba SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News White House calls for domestic cuts to finance border wall Egypt's President to visit US next week: White House Baseball-Trump declines Nationals' invite to throw first pitch US official: Trump to meet China's Xi first week in April Germany opens new probe into suspected Turkish spying Sport WRAPUP 2-Soccer-Iran close in on World Cup, China teeter on the brink Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment History has it: Shah Rukh Khan has BEATEN Akshay Kumar THRICE during clashes before! FINALLY! Kiku Sharda BREAKS SILENCE on the Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight! Crocodile tears? Forget remorse over Sunil Grover's exit, Kapil Sharma is already back to partying! Guess who'll be the star performer at IPL opening ceremony this year! Parineeti Chopra FORCES team Golmaal to watch #MaanaKeHumYaarNahin 10 times. Their reaction is PRICELESS! Money Ford announces USD 1.2 bn investment in US auto plants CAG report underlines time and cost overrun of Raj power plant US STOCKS-Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Lok Sabha to take up GST Bill for discussion tomorrow Warendra Sinha takes charge as MD & CEO of IFFCO-Tokio GI Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Letters Companies should pay larger share of state taxes Herald Staff Sun Mar 26th, 2017 1:30am Opinion You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Gov. Jay Inslee and the tax-and-spend legislators in Olympia are floating the idea of property tax increases to pay for schooling costs driven by the McCleary decision. Remember, Gov. Inslee negotiated with companies like Boeing, giving them generous tax breaks in exchange for keeping jobs here. Unfortunately, Washingtonians would have been better served by having a professional, with the wherewithal to do these deals. So rather then taxing everyone into oblivion why not take the following approach: Tax large companies that will benefit from President Trump’s tax reform and reparation plan to help fund the schools. Smaller companies can share this windfall as well, but on a more modest tax rate. After all these companies benefit immensely from a well educated pool and should share the burden of costs. Ron Kalina Camano island   Most Read Aerospace blog Some at Boeing worry new work shifts will worsen traffic EVERETT — The Boeing Co. is streamlining its Everett factory shifts starting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Buoy line would keep motor craft in center of Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — People are invited to share their thoughts on a… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Super Kid Maltby teen who’s been all over the world wonders what’s next EVERETT — Trevor Johnston is as well-rounded as he is high-achieving. The… Mar 27th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Tulalips honor longtime pastor at medicine wheel dedication TULALIP — The Tulalip Tribes marked the first day of spring last… Mar 27th, 2017 by Chris Winters Cedar Grove pushes bill that protects composting efforts OLYMPIA — A bill to shield composting operations from lawsuits is getting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
on Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Tuesday, March 28, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Business Real Estate Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Fashion Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Erik Lukens column Health Pulse Magazine Opioids addiction Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Science/Tech Obits MORE Jobs Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe My Account Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Science/Tech Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com My Account Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Home Nation / World ISS set to get a new parking spot print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google ISS set to get a new parking spot By Marcia Dunn / The Associated Press Published Mar 26, 2017 at 12:02AM CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday’s spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. “Nicely done, Shane,” Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to a location that will provide better clearance for the future ships. Then next Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. A new docking device — similar to one installed last summer — will fly up late this year or early next, and hook onto this port. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will have to keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. Pesquet patted and tugged at hoses but did not spot any frozen flakes of ammonia. A GoPro camera caught his every move for playback later. “No leaks. No flakes whatsoever,” he reported. Also on the spacewalkers’ to-do list Friday: replace a pair of Japanese cameras and grease latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station’s commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk can be conducted, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. 16825661 View next article in Nation & World     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Popular Comments Popular stories for Nation / World How fast is the universe expanding? 03/22/2017 There is a crisis brewing in the cosmos, or perhaps in the ... more ISS set to get a new parking spot 03/26/2017 CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on ... more Major push to repeal health law fails 03/24/2017 WASHINGTON — House Republican leaders, facing a revolt among conservatives and moderates ... more Around the world 03/24/2017 Visa screenings — The Trump administration is making it tougher for millions ... more Avoiding a cannabis crackdown 03/26/2017 DENVER — Colorado is considering an unusual strategy to protect its nascent ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Can long-haul air travel also be low cost? By Chris Johnston Business reporter, BBC News 26 March 2017 From the section Business Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-39366831 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright IAG Budget airlines have transformed air travel over the past two decades, making a flight almost as cheap as a coach journey for hundreds of millions of travellers. But can the same ever be true for longer journeys as well? Our love affair with budget airlines continues unabated. Ryanair, the Irish carrier that passengers have long loved to hate, last year overtook Lufthansa to become Europe's biggest airline by passenger numbers. Norwegian carried about a quarter of Ryanair's 117 million passengers in the same period. But unlike its competitors, the Oslo-based airline has found considerable success by flying across the Atlantic from cities including London and Paris for the past four years - and appears to have the likes of IAG worried. The decision by IAG, which owns British Airways, Iberia and Aer Lingus, to launch a low-cost long-haul airline is regarded as a direct response to the threat posed by Norwegian. A "reactionary tit-for-tat move" is how one analyst describes the move. The Barcelona-based carrier will initially offer flights to four destinations including Los Angeles and Buenos Aires at "even more affordable" prices from June. IAG says it sold 52,000 tickets in the 24 hours after Level's website went live last week. Image copyright Pixabay Image caption The presidential palace, the Casa Rosada, in Buenos Aires - one of the destinations Level will fly to The arrival of budget operators on long-haul routes is good news for consumers as they are proving "very stiff competition for traditional airlines", says a spokesperson for Abta. But the travel agents' body points out that passengers may be less willing to put up with a cramped cabin for flights that take many hours - as well as paying extra for food and checked baggage. All airlines must impose air passenger duty of £75 each way, which Abta says is one reason the arrival of Level will not trigger a price war. In addition, it will start with just two planes, but as Gerald Khoo, an airlines analyst at Liberum, notes: "Two aircraft will not be the sum total of IAG's ambitions." 'Asleep at the wheel' Level plans to add more routes with more planes from summer 2018 and is "talking to other potential European airports where Level may operate". Khoo expects the UK to be on its wish list, with Manchester a possible first port of call. The advantage of using a new brand such as Level not only allows IAG to keep costs as low as possible, but also means a break with the past. Khoo argues that BA passengers have certain expectations of what the service levels should be, which may no longer be realistic. Norwegian does not suffer from the same problem and seems to be exceeding expectations given its customer satisfaction ratings, he adds. But another analyst who covers IAG says the company "may have left its run too late - it's been asleep at the wheel for too long". Image copyright Steve Bates Image caption Norwegian calls the Boeing 787 Dreamliner a "gamechanger" Norwegian started offering the UK's first low-cost long-haul flights to the US from Gatwick in July 2014 and has become the third biggest airline at the Sussex airport. It now flies to seven US destinations from Gatwick, with twice-daily departures to New York and a daily flight to Los Angeles. Stuart Buss, a spokesperson for Norwegian, says it had long wanted to fly across the Atlantic but could not make the numbers add up until the arrival of Boeing's 787 Dreamliner in late 2011. The plane is largely made of composite materials, making it far lighter and thus much more fuel efficient. Norwegian was one of the first to order the plane and among the first airlines to start flying it. The company has 13 Dreamliners in service, with another 30 on order. "It's been the backbone of our long-haul growth," Buss says. The airline will also start flying from Barcelona to the US in June, around the same time that it begins services from Edinburgh, Belfast, Cork, Shannon and Dublin using Boeing single-aisle 737 aircraft. This year Norwegian starts taking delivery of the 737 Max, the latest version of the plane. Buss says its improved fuel efficiency will make it "another gamechanger". The airline has 100 of the planes on order, underlining the scale of its ambition. Seasonal swings While putting bums on seats to the US in the summer months at prices as low as £135 each way should not be too difficult, Norwegian may find it more challenging to fill planes from regional cities in the autumn or winter, says one airlines analyst. And despite Michael O'Leary's oft-repeated claims, the analyst doubts Ryanair will ever launch trans-Atlantic services. "It's just not economic - Ryanair could fly from Shannon to Boston now using 737-800 planes, but they can only do one return journey a day, compared with four or five turns on European routes." Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Michael O'Leary has suggested Ryanair could offer flights to the US That obstacle does not appear to be deterring other airlines from echoing IAG's plans. Lufthansa's budget offshoot, Eurowings, flies to countries such as Cuba and Thailand from Germany. Meanwhile, Air France will start long-haul services on its Boost subsidiary next year with the aim of "opening new routes, re-opening routes closed due to their lack of profitability and maintaining routes under threat". Next year BA plans to squeeze another 36 economy seats into its Boeing 777 planes that fly from Gatwick to holiday destinations in Florida and the Caribbean, bringing the total to 252. It has also started to charge for food on short-haul flights, further blurring the lines between traditional and budget airlines. When it comes to flying, it seems we very much get what we pay for. Related Topics IAG Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story BA owner IAG launches new long-haul airline Level 17 March 2017 Top Stories Trump scraps Obama climate policies Environmentalists warn Mr Trump's order will have serious consequences at home and abroad. 28 March 2017 Scottish Parliament backs referendum call 28 March 2017 Laptop cabin ban 'ineffective' 28 March 2017 Features 'Making my invisible illness visible' Video Why are people paying $6 for a bag of human waste? Video Fighting sexual harassment on India's streets How will Brussels react to Article 50 being triggered? 'I was sterilised against my will' Do these 29 white men run America? The gangland school which is top of the class Video 'I've not moved on' - Rio shares his struggle with grief How a jacket and a briefcase shaped a partition love story News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 50° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Overcast. High 56F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. Low around 40F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 28, 2017 @ 9:35 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports AP Asian stocks weaker as US health overhaul failure linger By YOUKYUNG LEE AP Business Writer Mar 26, 2017 Updated Mar 26, 2017 0 SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. KEEPING SCORE: Nikkei 225 lost 1.5 percent to 18,970.79 while South Korea's Kospi fell 0.4 percent to 2,159.72. Hong Kong's Hang Seng declined 0.1 percent to 24,351.67 while the Shanghai Composite Index added 0.1 percent to 3,274.42. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.2 percent to 5,743.80. Stocks in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries were lower. U.S. HEALTH OVERHAUL: Analysts said House Republicans' failure to repeal Barack Obama's health care law raised questions about the prospect of the Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda from taxes to infrastructure to the budget. President Donald Trump and Republican leaders yanked their bill to repeal "Obamacare" off the House floor Friday when it became clear it would fail. The health care act became a proxy for the rest of the Trump administration, dominating the global stock markets for most of last week. Investors are waiting for more details about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "For Asian markets, a turbulent start to the week could be the case," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Beyond the impact on health care, the vote had been seen as a test to the self-proclaimed deal-maker and the new administration's abilities to also deliver other promises, including tax and infrastructure policies." Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished mixed on Friday after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. OIL: U.S. crude oil futures fell 14 cents to $47.83 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose 27 cents to settle at $47.97 a barrel in New York on Friday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 8 cents to $50.84 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 110.38 yen from 111.34 yen while the euro rose to $1.0846 from $1.0799. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Stock Markets Financial Markets Stock Indices And Averages Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Japanese Yen Currency Markets Health Care Reform Health Care Policy Government Policy Government And Politics Political Issues Patient Protection And Affordable Care Act × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now Live updates: Muscatine mayor impeachment hearing Limoges: Lessons learned from Muscatine mayor fight 11-hour Muscatine mayor ouster hearing dismisses without conclusion, hearing scheduled to resume April 1 Scott M. Richmond Hearing to impeach Muscatine Mayor Diana Broderson will be broadcast live Business Directory Latest Local Offers Beckey Insurance & Financial Services Beckey Insurance & Financial Services is here to help you with all your term life insurance questions. Call today for more information - 563-263-9700 Updated Mar 24, 2017 Beckey Insurance & Financial Services Beckey Insurance & Financial Services specializes in providing Senior and Medicare related products. Call today to learn more - 563-263-9700 Updated Mar 24, 2017 Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 9 hours ago Related Related Page A1 Page A2 Page A3 Page A4 Page A5 Page A6 Page B1 Page B2 (0) More on this topic Amnesty: US-led coalition not protecting Mosul civilians Red Bull heir enjoys jet-set life 4 years after hit-and-run European officials urge rethink of Trump climate plan 3 Kashmir civilians killed in protests against Indian rule EU approves Danish support for offshore windfarm Currents Food Where are the best cities to get brunch? Baseball MLB predictions: Who will come out on top in 2017? +15 National Photos: Behind the wheel in a restored WWII PT boat Today’s top pics: Marathi New Year in India and more Your daily 6: Three burglars gunned down, famine fears worsen and pants prove to be downfall Today's Birthdays, March 28: Lady Gaga Today In History, March 28: U.S. Supreme Court COOKING ON DEADLINE: Chicken Thighs with Onions, Olives Garage a mess? Tips for tackling a daunting job Clear favorite: Acrylics a versatile furniture option A homey meal steeped in culture at The Argentine Experience Latest Local Offers Bilingual services available at State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann with her staff! To schedule your consultation, call now! 563-263-2744 State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann is here to provide insurance protection to help each and e… Amanda Buenemann State Farm 2711 University Dr., Muscatine , IA 52761 563-263-2744 Currently Open Ads Non-Emergency Transport Provides Transportation for Individuals in Wheelchairs, Medical Patients, and Others in Need! Call Us Today! (563) 299-3513 Visit us online! http://netmuscatine.com/ Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann offers a wonderful referral program - Refer someone to our office and receive a $10 gift card. For more information, call now! 563-263-2744 State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann is here to provide insurance protection to help each and e… Amanda Buenemann State Farm 2711 University Dr., Muscatine , IA 52761 563-263-2744 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Geography of Russia protests 'really stunning' Is Peter the most important apostle? Why Peter was stunned at the Last Supper These robots will haunt your nightmares Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
TSX climbs on gold and resources, Wall Street finishes with mixed results | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Drug bust Red Bull heir Speeding Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement TSX climbs on gold and resources, Wall Street finishes with mixed results A man walks past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2017. (AP / Shizuo Kambayashi) Linda Nguyen, The Canadian Press Published Sunday, March 26, 2017 11:40PM EDT Last Updated Monday, March 27, 2017 5:19PM EDT TORONTO -- Climbing gold and resource stocks helped push Canada's largest stock index higher Monday as it finished ahead of its U.S. counterparts. The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index climbed 63.55 points to 15,506.22. One of the stocks with the biggest movements of the session was Quebec-based aerospace company Heroux-Devtek after it reported its bid for a new contract with the U.S. military was rejected. Shares in Heroux-Devtek (TSX:HRX) closed down 9.3 per cent to $11.52 on the TSX after reaching a 52-week low of $11.06. Meanwhile, indexes were mixed in New York as investors questioned whether U.S. President Donald Trump will be able to execute on his pro-growth plans after last week's failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 45.74 points to 20,550.98, the S&P 500 index lost 2.39 points to 2,341.59 and the Nasdaq composite index was ahead 11.63 points to 5,840.37. Wall Street had been down sharply at the open, but pared its losses by mid-day. Canadian markets strategist Craig Fehr said the Trump rally that was kicked off with the Republican candidate's win in mid-November has been built on expectations that his agenda of tax cuts and massive infrastructure spending will get passed. Last Friday was an indicator that this may not be as easy as first thought. Even so, Fehr, who works at Edward Jones in St. Louis, doesn't think investors should panic yet that the current bull market is nearing the finish line. "It's really a reflection in my opinion of just how strong and steady the markets have been when a one or two per cent pullback now is being perceived as harbinger of what's to come," he said. "Economic growth combined with a rebound of corporate earnings combined with still low levels of interest rates is a pretty strong recipe for a continuation for this bull market. It just wont be as smooth as we have come to enjoy recently." In currencies, the Canadian dollar was trading at 74.76 cents US, up 0.02 of a U.S. cent. Oil prices, which usually trades in tandem with the loonie, were lower. The May crude contract was down two cents at US$47.73 per barrel after OPEC said over the weekend it was open to extending its current production cuts by another six months. The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed in late November to cut its production by 1.2 million barrels a day, the first reduction agreed to by the 14-member cartel since 2008. Eleven other non-OPEC oil-producing countries pledged in December to cut an additional 558,000 barrels a day, reaching an overall reduction of 1.8 million barrels per day. In other commodities, May natural gas contracts lost two cents at US$3.13 per mmBTU, the April gold contract was up $7.20 at US$1,255.70 an ounce and May copper contracts were unchanged at US$2.63 a pound. Report Error MOST WATCHED false Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Little regard for science? Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Lift 'job-killing restrictions' Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Drake's Amsterdam fans furious Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Family filing lawsuit Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Canada helps U.S. Coast Guard Air Date: March 28, 2017 false What dancers do when their flight's delayed Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Horses cause highway havoc Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Canada helps U.S. Coast Guard Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV National News: Marijuana legalization timeline Air Date: March 27, 2017 false CTV Toronto: World record of most Einsteins Air Date: March 28, 2017 false Extended: Aftermath of massive cocaine seizure Air Date: March 28, 2017 More news from Business North American stock indexes register gains, dollar up a nudge Outlook still uncertain despite positive data, says Bank of Canada's Poloz Elon Musk's latest venture: Brain-computer interfaces What makes a cyberattack? Experts lobby to restrict the term CEO of International Air Transport Association criticizes electronics device ban Cruise line stops port calls at Mexican resort of Acapulco Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Former Valeant CEO Pearson sues for owed shares, unpaid fees _ WATCH: Risk of stagflation in second half of 2017: Strategist _ WATCH: Home Capital business 'structurally flawed': Analyst _ WATCH: Paul Gardner - Top Picks CTV News Video Network false Trump signs order to reverse climate change policies false 'Jurassic Park:' Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast false HMCS Saskatoon helps in massive drug bust worth $560M false Scottish lawmakers vote for referendum false Family of Canadian filmmaker Rob Stewart filing lawsuit Most Popular Stories 1 Canadian ship involved in massive drug bust at sea 3 2 Red Bull heir enjoys jet-set life 4 years after hit-and-run 3 Edmonton man challenges 'predatory' photo radar ticket 1 4 Apple iOS update creates instant storage space 5 Health Canada issues warning about potent steroid in PureCare skin product 6 N.B. couple swamped with phone calls after rebuffing fraudster 1 7 U.K. attacker's wife 'saddened and shocked' 8 Hurricanes goalie Eddie Lack out of hospital 9 94-year-old woman honoured for 44 years working at McDonald's 1 10 Paris clashes over police killing of Chinese man; 3 injured Don't Miss false Drake fans furious over Amsterdam concert cancellations false Escaped horses cause havoc on highway near San Francisco false World record attempt for most Albert Einstein lookalikes You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Vets, animal activists urge Montreal politicians to cancel rodeo event Number of snow days in N.S. schools amounts to a crisis: expert First of two G20 police misconduct cases delayed after complainant axes lawyer WORLD Paris clashes over police killing of Chinese man; 3 injured Scottish MPs vote for new independence referendum U.K. attacker's wife 'saddened and shocked' ENTERTAINMENT From the studio to Lilith Fair: Sarah McLachlan's 'Surfacing' turns 20 Alec Baldwin 'stunned' at popularity of Trump impression Ken Burns making documentary film on Muhammad Ali HEALTH Tax breaks for infertility treatments broadened under new budget IQ benefits of breastfeeding questioned in new study New Brunswickers encouraged to take precautions as norovirus circulates POLITICS Federal plan to legalize marijuana could test provincial patience 'She's made a fool of herself': Senator stands by residential school comments Montreal likely to block Energy East pipeline, Rona Ambrose says SCI-TECH Apple iOS update creates instant storage space Samsung to sell refurbished recalled Note 7 phones Fake toons: Kids falling prey to adult parodies of popular children's shows BUSINESS North American stock indexes register gains, dollar up a nudge Outlook still uncertain despite positive data, says Bank of Canada's Poloz Elon Musk's latest venture: Brain-computer interfaces AUTOS Ford investing $1.2B in 3 Michigan plants, adding 130 jobs Uber pulls out of Denmark citing tougher cab standards Dubai cops' fleet of hypercars now includes fastest SPORTS Hurricanes goalie Eddie Lack out of hospital Brother of Mark McMorris shares photo of injured snowboarder Return date still unclear for Leafs' starting goaltender Andersen Lifestyle Mermaid toast is the newest breakfast trend to spread online Spring cleaning: Tips for tackling a messy garage 94-year-old woman honoured for 44 years working at McDonald's CTV News on the Go false Scottish MPs vote to seek new referendum Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast What dancers do when their flight's delayed In Pictures   Homes of the Month: $1 million across Canada Earth Hour 2017: Major landmarks dim the lights worldwide Vigil held for victims of deadly attacks in London Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business March 26, 2017 11:30 PM Asian stocks weaker as US health overhaul failure linger By YOUKYUNG LEE AP Business Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story SEOUL, South Korea Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. KEEPING SCORE: Nikkei 225 lost 1.5 percent to 18,970.79 while South Korea's Kospi fell 0.4 percent to 2,159.72. Hong Kong's Hang Seng declined 0.1 percent to 24,351.67 while the Shanghai Composite Index added 0.1 percent to 3,274.42. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.2 percent to 5,743.80. Stocks in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries were lower. U.S. HEALTH OVERHAUL: Analysts said House Republicans' failure to repeal Barack Obama's health care law raised questions about the prospect of the Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda from taxes to infrastructure to the budget. President Donald Trump and Republican leaders yanked their bill to repeal "Obamacare" off the House floor Friday when it became clear it would fail. The health care act became a proxy for the rest of the Trump administration, dominating the global stock markets for most of last week. Investors are waiting for more details about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "For Asian markets, a turbulent start to the week could be the case," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Beyond the impact on health care, the vote had been seen as a test to the self-proclaimed deal-maker and the new administration's abilities to also deliver other promises, including tax and infrastructure policies." WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished mixed on Friday after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. OIL: U.S. crude oil futures fell 14 cents to $47.83 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose 27 cents to settle at $47.97 a barrel in New York on Friday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 8 cents to $50.84 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 110.38 yen from 111.34 yen while the euro rose to $1.0846 from $1.0799. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:55 Virgin makes surprise announcement Pause 1:22 Two Miami-Dade police detectives ambushed and shot Monday night 2:23 Last call for Miami Heat at the Palace of Auburn Hills 2:53 Ultra Music Festival Day 3 1:51 Stunning and removing non-native fish stocks in the Everglades 2:42 Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase meets the press at combine 0:26 Key deer infected with screwworm on road to recovery 0:56 Armed robbery suspect forgets to put on mask 1:35 Killer whales display rare attack technique for hunting sea lions 1:44 How Putin keeps protesters at bay in Russia Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Busch Gardens Food and Wine festival 1:01 4 days ago Busch Gardens Food and Wine festival 4:24 4 days ago Universal Orlando's Homemade Jambalaya 4:17 4 days ago Epcot International Food & Wine Festival View more video Business Greater Miami’s high-skilled workforce is fueled largely by immigrant talent, too Stonegate Bank to be acquired by Home BancShares What it’s like to run a billion-dollar startup — at age 28 Florida’s former top federal prosecutor, Wifredo Ferrer, joins Holland & Knight Meatballs and Irish beer are out. Here’s what’s replacing them at the Seminole Paradise Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Sections Latest Popular Search Sign in My Account | Sign Out TNY Store Thirteen Crucial Years for Art in Downtown New York by Louis Menand The Problems with Trump’s D.C. Hotel Deal Aren’t Going Away by Adam Davidson How the White House and Republicans Blew Up the House Russia Investigation by Ryan Lizza Pope Francis Proposes a Cure for Populism by James Carroll How the White House and Republicans Blew Up the House Russia Investigation by Ryan Lizza The Trauma of Facing Deportation by Rachel Aviv “Get Out” and the Death of White Racial Innocence by Rich Benjamin Daily Cartoon: Tuesday, March 28th by Pat Byrnes Go Sign in My Account | Sign Out News Culture Books Business & Tech Humor Cartoons Magazine Video Audio Archive Goings On Search Close The Financial Page April 3, 2017 Issue Trump’s Abuse of Government Data The President seems to declare employment numbers “very real” or fake news based solely on how they reﬂect on him. By Adam Davidson CreditIllustration by Tim Lahan On January 22, 1930, not quite three months after the stock-market crash and the ensuing economic collapse, the Times, in a front-page article, quoted President Herbert Hoover saying that “the tide of employment has changed in the right direction.” His Secretary of Labor, James J. Davis, citing reports on America’s industries, pronounced the country “well on the way to complete recovery.” Reading the article, Frances Perkins, the industrial commissioner of New York State, was horrified. She knew that the President was relying on data from the U.S. Employment Service, a notoriously inaccurate source, rather than from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, which showed that huge numbers of people were being laid off. She imagined the psychological harm that Hoover’s words would inflict on the unemployed, writing in her memoir that she feared the jobless “would feel that there was something wrong with them personally. A great despair would enter their hearts.” Young people would “read the story and say, ‘Why doesn’t Papa work?’ ” Perkins called a press conference, prompting a national scandal about statistical methodology. Within a month, the Times was condemning Hoover’s misuse of data and praising Perkins (who went on to become Secretary of Labor under Franklin Roosevelt). The economist overseeing the unemployment numbers quit when he learned that the Administration also was trying to alter Bureau of Labor Statistics data to make them seem sunnier. Congress commissioned the development of objective employment data, and, since the nineteen-forties, two government data sets have been essential measures of the nation’s economic health. Those statistics have often played a role in politics. In good times—under Dwight Eisenhower, Ronald Reagan, and Bill Clinton—the data have helped an incumbent win reëlection. In bad times—Jimmy Carter, George H. W. Bush—the data have contributed to defeat. Still, until Donald Trump, no major candidate or President had publicly challenged the validity of even the grimmest numbers. Throughout the campaign, Trump openly mocked employment data released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Bureau of Economic Analysis as “phony” and “totally fiction.” His tone changed when he wanted to take credit for a good jobs report. In March, Sean Spicer said at a press briefing that the President wanted to make clear that the unemployment rate “may have been phony in the past, but it’s very real now.” The White House press corps laughed, but, to government statisticians, the words sounded less like a joke and more like a threat. “When I saw that, I said, ‘Wow. You said the numbers were wrong,’ ” Kathleen Utgoff, who ran the B.L.S. under President George W. Bush, told me. “ ‘Now you are politicizing them.’ ” She said that she is “terrified” by the President’s willingness to declare the government data “very real” or fake news based solely on how they reflect on him. Utgoff isn’t afraid that the Trump Administration will meddle with statistical methodologies or the numbers they produce; that would require co-opting thousands of career government surveyors, statisticians, and economists in an effort to alter data collected from hundreds of thousands of businesses and citizens. (Even Richard Nixon, who, in 1971, hatched a plan to rid the B.L.S. of what he thought was a “Jewish cabal” out to destroy him, was unable to undercut the bureau’s independence.) Nor does anyone object to the reasonable arguments about which unemployment rate (there are six of them) best reflects the true state of the economy. The danger is that a President who disparages the data might convince his followers that bad economic news is political propaganda, and offer numbers that have no statistical rigor behind them. Good economic statistics benefit the left and the right, government and business. Without reliable data, businesses can’t take risks on investments. Boeing, for example, decides how many 787 Dreamliners to build and therefore how many people to employ based on its Current Market Outlook forecast, which is rooted in B.L.S. data and projects aircraft demand for the next twenty years. On a visit to a Boeing plant in South Carolina, in February, President Trump made his first major speech about employment. “We’re going to fight for every last American job,” he told the crowd, which had gathered in a hangar, in front of a new Dreamliner. Rhetoric and anecdote are Trump’s preferred jobs data. Last month, he claimed credit for a new Intel chip-manufacturing plant in Arizona “that will result in at least ten thousand American jobs.” In December, he celebrated a deal to keep around eight hundred jobs at a Carrier plant in Indiana. Trump didn’t point out other, less convenient facts—that Boeing was laying off thousands of American workers; that Intel’s plant had been announced in 2011, and would employ three thousand people, not ten thousand; and that Carrier was eliminating twenty-one hundred jobs in Indiana. Were Frances Perkins still alive, she would surely be thinking about those laid-off workers, who, hearing how Trump had saved their jobs, might see the failure in themselves and not in the Administration’s false promises. ♦ Adam Davidson is a staff writer at The New Yorker. More This article appears in other versions of the April 3, 2017, issue, with the headline “Real Numbers.” More: Economics Unemployment Statistics Sign up for the daily newsletter: The best of The New Yorker every day. Enter e-mail address Go Please enter a valid e-mail address Submitting... Thank you for subscribing. You’ll receive your first newsletter soon. View all newsletters » Most Popular How the White House and Republicans Blew Up the House Russia Investigation By Ryan Lizza The Trauma of Facing Deportation By Rachel Aviv “Get Out” and the Death of White Racial Innocence By Rich Benjamin Daily Cartoon: Tuesday, March 28th By Pat Byrnes What the Russian Protests Mean for Putin By Joshua Yaffa Our thirty most popular Do you have a tip for The New Yorker that requires anonymity and security? Send it via SecureDrop. » More From the New Yorker Books After the Fact Jill Lepore Books Why Facts Don’t Change Our Minds Elizabeth Kolbert News Desk How the White House and Republicans Blew Up the House Russia Investigation Ryan Lizza Letter from Sweden The Trauma of Facing Deportation Rachel Aviv Link your subscription Link your subscription Have a login? Sign In Already have a login? Sign in Link Your Subscription Have a login? Sign in About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store SecureDrop About About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox Condé Nast Digital © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Angela Merkel toughens her position on Brexit Emmanuel Macron’s Rothschild years make him an easy election target Millions of expats caught in Brexit no man’s land British airlines warned over post-Brexit flight restrictions Japan’s business lobby issues fresh Brexit warning to Theresa May US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump to unwind Obama actions on climate change Senate committee to question Jared Kushner on Russia ties Critic of World Bank and IMF eyed for key role at Treasury Exxon urges Trump to keep US in Paris climate accord Three puzzles of the financial markets’ tug of war Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read British airlines warned over post-Brexit flight restrictions Bill Gross settles feud with Pimco for $81m WhatsApp row explained: backdoors and bad guys Paulson & Co hedge fund manager dead in an apparent suicide Two big Tesco shareholders come out against Booker takeover Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Markets shudder after US healthcare debacle Bloomberg suffers rare drop in terminal numbers as banks cut back Hedge fund closures hold nuggets for stock market investors Trafigura tests blockchain for settling US oil market deals Wall St pares losses as equity bulls fight back Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Brexit reinforces Britain’s imperial amnesia The menace of populism has made the tribal left think again A bigger catch: China’s fishing fleet hunts new ocean targets India’s biometric ID scans make sci-fi a reality Brexiters must lose if Brexit is to succeed Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Amazon’s shopping spree at business schools Will 10 apples a day keep the doctor away? Workflow app: a user’s guide to shortcuts Codes of conduct breach the principles of common sense How to make 3D charts great again Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Why Singapore’s kids are so good at maths The art of the political snub The age of unenlightenment David and Monica Galetti: a restaurant of their own An alternative remedy for India’s romance troubles Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Mutual funds have exposure to controversial weapons Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for Limited Time Offer $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Share News Tips Securely Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Close Asian stocks weaker as US health overhaul failure linger - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 83° Scattered Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Small-craft advisory issued for Laguna Madre, gulf HARLINGEN — The National Weather Service in Brownsville has issued a small-craft advisory for the Laguna Madre. Posted: March 28 rss Texas News Oklahoma may legalize hog hunting from helicopters Tribes' battle over Dakota Access pipeline not over A timeline of the Dakota Access oil pipeline States push to protect birth control despite failed GOP bill Dallas woman found guilty in 2015 injection death of client Longtime fugitive pleads guilty in 1983 death of Texas woman Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Nationals: Trump declined invite for opening day 1st pitch AP New! WASHINGTON (AP) — The Washington Nationals say President Donald Trump has declined an invitation to throw out the ceremonial first pitch before their game on opening day. Updated: 2:45 pm Sports, Professional Baseball, Baseball More From The Latest NFL players push lawmakers on criminal justice reform Florida coach sorry after shoving Auburn player after game Star gymnasts testify at Congress about sex-abuse scandal Harry Giles leaves Duke after 1 year to enter NBA draft Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Puzzles Comics Kingdom Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Asian stocks weaker as US health overhaul failure linger Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Sunday, March 26, 2017 10:27 pm Asian stocks weaker as US health overhaul failure linger Associated Press | SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. KEEPING SCORE: Nikkei 225 lost 1.5 percent to 18,970.79 while South Korea's Kospi fell 0.4 percent to 2,159.72. Hong Kong's Hang Seng declined 0.1 percent to 24,351.67 while the Shanghai Composite Index added 0.1 percent to 3,274.42. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.2 percent to 5,743.80. Stocks in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries were lower. U.S. HEALTH OVERHAUL: Analysts said House Republicans' failure to repeal Barack Obama's health care law raised questions about the prospect of the Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda from taxes to infrastructure to the budget. President Donald Trump and Republican leaders yanked their bill to repeal "Obamacare" off the House floor Friday when it became clear it would fail. The health care act became a proxy for the rest of the Trump administration, dominating the global stock markets for most of last week. Investors are waiting for more details about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "For Asian markets, a turbulent start to the week could be the case," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Beyond the impact on health care, the vote had been seen as a test to the self-proclaimed deal-maker and the new administration's abilities to also deliver other promises, including tax and infrastructure policies." WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished mixed on Friday after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. OIL: U.S. crude oil futures fell 14 cents to $47.83 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose 27 cents to settle at $47.97 a barrel in New York on Friday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 8 cents to $50.84 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 110.38 yen from 111.34 yen while the euro rose to $1.0846 from $1.0799. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: Lawyer says Trump administration moved to squelch testimony ARTICLE: Texas House OKs tougher immigration rules for energy sector FDA approves 1st drug for moderate & severe eczema cases ARTICLE: FDA approves 1st drug for moderate & severe eczema cases Ivanka Trump, Education Secretary DeVos promote STEM careers More about General News States push to protect birth control despite failed GOP bill States push to protect birth control despite failed GOP bill ARTICLE: States push to protect birth control despite failed GOP bill ARTICLE: A timeline of the Dakota Access oil pipeline ARTICLE: Tribes' battle over Dakota Access pipeline not over More about Stock Markets HTML: Major U.S. Market Indices Value Over Time - YTD US stock indexes move higher as consumer confidence gains ARTICLE: US stock indexes move higher as consumer confidence gains HTML: S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller 20-City Home Price Index HTML: S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller National Home Price Index Discuss Print Posted in Business on Sunday, March 26, 2017 10:27 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Stock Markets, Financial Markets, Stock Indices And Averages, Brent Crude Markets, Crude Oil Markets, Energy Markets, Commodity Markets, Japanese Yen, Currency Markets, Health Care Reform, Health Care Policy, Government Policy, Government And Politics, Political Issues, Patient Protection And Affordable Care Act | Location Tags: United States, North America, East Asia, Asia, Singapore, Southeast Asia, South Korea Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Harlingen- Efficiency's, clean, neat, 1 or 2 people, $420-$575. Near Updated: 5:00 am Convenience Store for Sale in Edinburg. Fully stocked and operating. Updated: March 26 Owner will Finance 12 Acre Ranch- Iowa and 8.75 Mile $109,000 Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars 08 Grand Cherokee Laredo, asking $7,850 OBO, Clean Title, 6Cycl. $7,850 Updated: 5:00 am Park Model on 3 Lots, Lockable Garage, Craft Shed, Pine Updated: 5:00 am `03 Harley Police/ Anniversary Special, Road King, 37K Mi., $7,950 $7,950 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Trump's health care retreat weighs on global stocks     By The Associated Press March 27, 2017     Story Photos ( 2 )     A woman walks by an electronic stock board of a securities firm in Tokyo, Monday, March 27, 2017. Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. (AP Photo/Koji Sasahara) LONDON - President Donald Trump's failure to reform U.S. health care, his first legislative setback since entering the White House in January, weighed on global stock markets Monday, with many investors cautious about his ability to deliver on other campaign promises, such as tax cuts and big infrastructure spending. The dollar was a major loser, falling to four-month lows against a basket of currencies. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Britain's FTSE 200 fell 0.7 to 7,287 while France's CAC 40 dropped 0.3 per cent to 5,005. Germany's DAX was 0.7 per cent lower at 11,976. U.S. stocks were poised for losses at the open too with Dow futures and the broader S&P futures down 0.7 per cent. U.S. HEALTH OVERHAUL: Analysts said the failure of Republicans in the House of Representatives to repeal Barack Obama's health care reforms raised questions about the prospect of Trump's pro-growth agenda from taxes to infrastructure to the budget. Trump and Republican leaders yanked their bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act off the House floor Friday when it became clear it would fail. Investors are waiting for more details about the state of Trump's business-friendly agenda. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "The problem for markets is two-fold, with the inability to pass the health care reforms meaning any tax cuts will be diminished, while markets are now left wondering whether the president's lack of support in Congress will make his tax cuts hard to pass in any form," said Joshua Mahony, market analyst at IG. "Incredibly, at a time when the Republicans control both the House and the Senate, we are faced with a position where internal factions mean Trump still cannot get the required support to make a meaningful impact as president." DOLLAR DIVES: The U.S. currency has borne a large brunt of those concerns with the dollar index falling to its lowest level since the immediate aftermath of Trump's election victory last November. The euro was up 0.8 per cent at $1.0880 while the dollar slid 1 per cent to 110.17 yen. OIL: The benchmark New York rate fell 31 cents to $47.67 a barrel while Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 19 cents to $50.61 a barrel in London. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's Nikkei 225 finished 1.4 per cent lower at 18,985.59, while South Korea's Kospi closed 0.6 per cent lower at 2,155.66. Hong Kong's Hang Seng declined 0.7 per cent to 24,180.10, while the Shanghai Composite Index was flat at 3,268.96. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.1 per cent to 5,746.70.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *   Previous Next     A woman walks by an electronic stock board of a securities firm in Tokyo, Monday, March 27, 2017. Asian stocks got off to a weak start on Monday as caution among investors prevailed with lingering doubts about the future policy agenda of the new U.S. administration following the health care reform failure. (AP Photo/Koji Sasahara)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2017         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   FANUC America Marks 35-Year Milestone of Manufacturing Robots in the U.S. Heliae Announces First Use of Branded TruAzta Natural Astaxanthin Clipper Realty Inc. to Report Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Financial Results           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Thu, 16 March 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Alitalia’s Board Approves Turnaround Plan Alitalia’s Board of Directors has approved the airline’s turnaround business plan which includes a range of radical measures across the whole of the company to stabilise it and secure its long-term sustainability. The plan’s funding by the company’s shareholders is subject to Alitalia’s trade unions agreeing to a new collective works agreement and headcount-related measures. Airline management will soon present the board-approved plan to the Italian government and then meet with trade unions to explain the details of the business plan, headcount-related measures and resume talks on a new collective labour agreement. Alitalia said it will reduce costs by €1 billion in the first three years of the plan by 2019 with reductions in operating costs and manpower. Alitalia will increase revenues, in the same timeframe to 2019, by 30% from €2.9 billion to €3.7 billion. These financial performance indicators are judged to be realistic and achievable by independent advisors and the projected figures would turn Alitalia into a profitable business by 2019. The business plan actions are supported by ‘four pillars of change’; a recalibrated business model, costs reductions and enhanced productivity, optimisation of network and partnership, and develop commercial initiatives by utilising technology investments to drive revenue. Cramer Ball, Alitalia CEO, said, “With the approval today by the Board of Directors of the second phase of our business plan we can now accelerate our actions towards turning around Alitalia. We re-built our brand in the first phase and invested heavily in staff training and technology so we are now able to move ahead and implement wide-ranging changes. The aviation industry is ferociously competitive and never stands still. Only through radical change will Alitalia’s fortunes be turned around. We must transform this business into a dynamic entity that is attractive to customers who have plenty of choice for their air travel needs. Consumers’ buying habits have been shaped by how low cost carriers sell their products. I am confident that the next phase of the industrial plan will represent the step forward needed, provided that all interested parties play their part. The radical and necessary measures across the entire airline will secure our long-term sustainability which will only materialise if the airline is the right size, the right shape and with the right productivity and cost base. We must do this, especially in our short and medium haul business in order to provide a platform to grow our profitable long-haul business further in the future. This is a critical aspect because most of our customers fly on our short and medium-haul planes to connect onto our long-haul services. If we can’t compete throughout Italy and Europe against low-cost carriers then we lose air travellers that connect onto intercontinental flights. Put simply, there is absolutely no alternative.” Details of the four pillars of Alitalia’s second phase of its business plan are: Recalibrated Business Model Narrow body planes for the short and medium haul will see an increase in utilisation, extra seats are being fitted, buy-on-board and ancillaries services and more attractive air fares will be introduced in a concerted drive towards increasing revenue while stripping out existing costs. Mr Ball said: “In the short and medium-haul markets – domestic flying in Italy and throughout Europe – passengers will be able to personalise their journey. We will simplify air fares and offer customers the opportunity to purchase products such as seat selection, checked-in luggage and priority boarding throughout the booking process, and all the way up to the airport gate. On flights that are four hours or less we will introduce the buy-on-board concept that is not only commonplace with low-cost carriers but is happening more and more at traditional, network airlines. We will offer our customers a choice of ‘made in Italy’ hot and cold food, snacks and drinks at competitive prices.” Alitalia’s wide-body intercontinental flights will be based on a full-service model and maintain an intense focus on costs and efficiency. In addition to Alitalia’s A330 fleet, the carrier’s Boeing 777s will be fitted with new in-flight entertainment and Wi-Fi. Alitalia’s new flagship aircraft, a 382 seater Boeing 777-300ER, will join the long-haul fleet in August 2017. Cost Reductions and Increased Productivity Low cost carriers currently represent 47% of the Italian air travel market, the highest market penetration in Europe. Talks are already underway with a number of the airline’s suppliers to renegotiate contracts and drive down costs to levels comparable with the competition. Target companies are in sectors such as aircraft leasing, global distribution, in-flight catering, airport ground handling and airports themselves. Network and Partnership Optimisation Alitalia will rebalance its fleet of aircraft by 2018, reducing its narrow-body fleet by 20. The airline will increase aircraft utilisation with a particular focus on short and medium-haul aircraft. Alitalia plans to grow its number of flights from Italy to the Americas – one of its most underserved markets – and build its presence at Milan Linate, Sicily and Sardinia. The airline will re-evaluate its transatlantic options to try and fly more often on existing routes and to add new cities in the Americas. New Commercial Initiatives by Utilising Technology Investments to Drive Revenue Alitalia has invested €200 million in the last two years on new technology and it will now use the investment to improve efficiency and productivity to drive further revenue opportunities. Mr Ball said: “Our investment in technology will enable us to develop new sales channels and this will contribute to increasing our revenue by 30% by 2019. Consumers use tablet devices and mobile phones more than ever to manage their travel experiences, and we will make it easier for them to interact with the airline. About 20% of our customers already use on-line ways to book their flights and we aim to increase that figure to more than 50%. Our customers will continue to notice our enhancements and realise that Alitalia has become a different airline from the past.” See other recent news regarding: Alitalia, Technology. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Minor Signs Avani Hotel in Ras Al Khaimah SALA Signs Second Luxury Samui Resort Emirates to Launch Daily A380 Flights to Nice UK MOD Awards Major Airport Security Contract Anna Pollock to Keynote Mekong Tourism Forum CS100 Performs Validation Tests at London City Airport Marriott Rewards During HKSevens Rugby Week 2017 Vipservice to Become CWT's Partner in Russia Smiths Detection Partners Duke University More Driverless Trains for Greater KL Cathay Pacific Launches Flights to Tel Aviv, Israel Emirates Launches A380 Flights to Tokyo, Casablanca and Sao Paulo Park Hyatt to Open in Jakarta, Indonesia Wyndham Signs First Grand Hotel in Belize Phuket's Top Female Chefs to Cook for Charity Dinner Emirates Launches Laptop Service for US Flights Schiphol to Upgrade Security with 24 HI-SCAN 10080 XCTs UNWTO Appoints Sustainable Tourism Ambassador Belmond Launches Mindfulness Cruises in Myanmar Etihad's US-Bound Pax Must Check-In Devices at Point of Origin Movenpick Signs Hotel & Apartments in Muscat ANZ to Operate B787-9 on Auckland - Adelaide Etihad Celebrates Graduation of 2,000th Flying Nanny A350-1000 Conducts High and Warm Flight Tests Crowne Plaza Launches Major Media Campaign Delta to Launch Daily JFK - Rio de Janeiro Hotels in Europe Report Feb RevPAR Increase Prototype Helicopter Receives Permit to Fly Edinburgh Airport Reports Record Numbers Virgin Australia to Launch Melbourne - Hong Kong Flights Rosewood Signs Hotel in Hoi An, Vietnam APAC Hotels Report Increase in OR, RevPAR Sunway Putra Hotel KL Appoints GM Finnair to Suspend Miami Flights; Reduce Chicago Morocco Partners Int. Year of Sustainable Tourism Exec Appointments at American Airlines Tickets for Singapore 7s on StubHub Pop-Up Hotel Opens in Tel Aviv, Israel Bombardier Service Centres Earn FAA Diamond Awards Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Ryanair Takes Delivery of 450th B737-800 Malaysia Airlines Signs A350 Flight Training Deal Cyberbit Win Tech Leadership Award SpiceRoads Launches Family Cycling Tour of Vietnam Honeywell Signs Engine Deal with Dirgantara Indonesia Cobalt Air Appoints APG as GSA in Four Markets United Modernizes Screening at Newark US Hotels Report RevPAR Increase Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo SEA World's Fastest Growing Travel and Tourism Region First Autograph Collection Hotel Opens in China CX to Upgrade Perth Flights with A350 Saab Appoints New Head of Market - APAC Dirgantara Indonesia Delivers 50th H225 Rear Fuselage to Airbus Bars in HK Offer Special Discounts for HK7s Four Seasons Resort Hualalai Appoints GM Jet Airways and Jetstar Asia to Codeshare Redefine|BDL Hotels Eyes European Expansion Delta to Launch Chicago - Seattle Flights Bayat Hotel in Abha Appoints GM St. Regis Bali Appoints Director of MarComs BA Adds First English Sparkling White Wine to First Class Aircraft Recycling Int. Acquires UAM PortMiami Installs Dual-View X-Ray Screeners Penang to Upgrade Swettenham Pier Cruise Terminal Lee Gardens to be Part of World's Best Sevens Party Vietjet to Increase Bangkok - Chiang Mai Flights India's Jet Airways Partners Uber Airbus to Open Training Facility in India Fairmont Jakarta Appoints DOSM Boeing's 9th WGS Satellite Launched into Orbit Combat System Trainer Delivered to Navy in NZ Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama SITA Forms New Group to Address Airport Security Threats Boeing Signs $3.4b Contract for 268 AH-64E Apache Helicopters Hong Kong to Compete in Borneo Sevens Mantra Supports World Science Festival Brisbane Canada's New Safety Rules for Drones Air India to Launch Tel Aviv Flights Official Draw for Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Show More Travel News British & Irish Lions Strengthens Coaching Team Tallink Expands Distribution with Hahn Air Lancaster London to Relaunch as Royal Lancaster London Sabre Report Helps Hotels Maximize Revenue Movenpick Hotels to Feature Sleep Rooms Air Astana and Lufthansa to Codeshare Finnair Cancels 90+ Flights on 17 March Ottawa Airport Installs New Technology Alitalia's Board Approves Turnaround Plan Air Canada to Launch Vancouver-Boston Global Loyalty Company Surpasses 20m Members Etihad to Launch A380 Flights to Paris, France MasterCard Partners Eko-Pay 161,656 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in Europe Facial Recognition Added to Self-Bag Drop Air Canada to Resume Montreal-Washington Team Mekhong Wins Kingâ€™s Cup Elephant Polo CDB Aviation Orders 30 Boeing 737 Max 8s 576,109 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in APAC Vietjet to Launch Phuket - Chiang Rai Flights New South Korean Airline Orders 8 Airbus A320ceo Etihad Cargo Takes Delivery of 10th Freighter Touchless Bag Drop at London Luton Airport IATA Urges Air Cargo Modernization SIA Codesharing on Vistara Flights 578,508 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in USA EASA Cert for Ka-band Retrofit on Global Aircraft Marco Polo Appoints Group Director of Purchasing AA to Offer Free Meals on Coast-to-Coast Flights Hahn Air Appoints Head of Global Account Management Napoli Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop AHS Signs Eastin Hotel and Residences in Hanoi Radisson Blu Opens in Bengaluru, India 2016 Airline Safety Performance Report Marco Polo Appoints Group Director of HR Iran Air Takes Delivery of First New A330-200 Saab Wins Istanbul New Airport Deal CX, EK, LH and SQ Join Airbus Routehappy Alliance Boeing Wins 5-Year Contract to Sustain ROKAF's F-15Ks United Airlines Employees Rally to Protect Jobs Honeywell Launches ADS-B Cockpit Upgrade Program Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Airlines in AU and NZ Establish Industry Group - A4ANZ Cathay Increases Flights to Key Destinations IHG Appoints Chief Development Officer AMEA Turkish Airlines to Launch New Russia Flights Smiths Detection Appoints Distributor in Brazil B737 Max 8 Receives FAA Certification Exec Appointments at Wyndham Hotel Group Swiss Takes Delivery of Sixth CS100 Aircraft Brisbane Airport Trials New Boarding Gate Technology Qatar Airways Launches QSuites Alitalia to Cease All Reggio Calabria Flights Finnair Warns of Cancelled Flights Sabre Airline Solutions to Begin Search for New President Airbus Eyes Major MRO Facility in Thailand IAG Becomes EAN Launch Customer Exec Appointments at Jumeirah Hotels in Dubai Aviation: Pax Demand Growth Hits 5-Year Peak Oakwood Studios Opens in Singapore Marriott Opens Moxy Hotel in London AVC to Support Freedom Story at Elephant Polo Sabre Expands Distribution with Hertz Belmond and PeruRail to Enhance Ops with Tech One of World's Most Luxurious Hotels Appoints GM Search for Flights by Aircraft Type Boeing Celebrates Rollout of First 737 Max 9 Renaissance Resort to Open in Pattaya Dusit Signs Wetland Park Resort in Nanjing Accor to Take Over 26 Hotels in Brazil Air Cargo: FTKs Up 6.9% in January 2017 Peninsula Appoints Dir. of Global Comms Executive Appointments at Yotel 2nd Global 7000 Joins Flight Test Program Travix Appoints VP Customer Ops New Hotel Adds 587 Rooms to Impact Muang Thong Thani Smiths Detection to Enhance Security at Kansai Airport Al Bait Sharjah to Open Q4 2017 Peninsula Appoints VP of Marketing Jack Bain's Bar at 137 Pillars House in Chiang Mai SITA to Enhance Aeromexico's Network Connectivity QinetiQ Orders Four Airbus H125s Thai Airways Waives Ticket Change Surcharge Saab Signs Deal with NATS to Deliver Remote Tower Demonstrator Renowned Architect Relaunches Luxury Bali Resort Amadeus Makes Rail Travel More Accessible Lockheed Hybrid Aircraft Targets China Prague Airport to Upgrade Communications Movenpick Signs New Hotel in Saudi Arabia Precision Aviation Expands Inventory for AW139 Boeing Proposes MH-139 as UH-1N Huey Replacement Diethelm Appoints Group Product & Contracting Director airberlin Appoints SVP Commercial Strategy & Distribution Beneteau Establishes RHQ in Hong Kong Delta Launches New Boarding Process in Atlanta Emirates to Upgrade A380 Experience Accor Opens First Mercure Hotel in KL A321neo Powered by CFM LEAP-1A Engines Receives TC Finnair, Skyscanner and Amadeus Join Forces EgyptAir and Etihad Airways to Codeshare airberlin Appoints Chief Commercial Officer Solar Power for Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal FCS Relocates Global HQ to Singapore Air Caraibes Receives First A350-900 Dusit Thani Extends Bangkok Lease; Unveils New Plans King's Cup Elephant Polo to Take Place in Bangkok 9-12 March Singapore Pilots Account-Based Ticketing System for Public Transport Korean Air Unveils First B787-9 Movenpick Opens Serviced Apartments in Bangkok, Thailand First Anantara Hotel in Europe to Open 1 April Travelport Receives NDC Aggregator Cert from IATA Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Pictures of 2016 King's Cup Elephant Polo in Bangkok Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Minor Signs Avani Hotel in Ras Al Khaimah SALA Signs Second Luxury Samui Resort Emirates to Launch Daily A380 Flights to Nice UK MOD Awards Major Airport Security Contract Anna Pollock to Keynote Mekong Tourism Forum CS100 Performs Validation Tests at London City Airport Marriott Rewards During HKSevens Rugby Week 2017 Vipservice to Become CWT's Partner in Russia Smiths Detection Partners Duke University More Driverless Trains for Greater KL Cathay Pacific Launches Flights to Tel Aviv, Israel Emirates Launches A380 Flights to Tokyo, Casablanca and Sao Paulo Park Hyatt to Open in Jakarta, Indonesia Wyndham Signs First Grand Hotel in Belize Phuket's Top Female Chefs to Cook for Charity Dinner Emirates Launches Laptop Service for US Flights Schiphol to Upgrade Security with 24 HI-SCAN 10080 XCTs UNWTO Appoints Sustainable Tourism Ambassador Belmond Launches Mindfulness Cruises in Myanmar Etihad's US-Bound Pax Must Check-In Devices at Point of Origin Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Movenpick Signs Hotel & Apartments in Muscat ANZ to Operate B787-9 on Auckland - Adelaide Etihad Celebrates Graduation of 2,000th Flying Nanny A350-1000 Conducts High and Warm Flight Tests Crowne Plaza Launches Major Media Campaign Delta to Launch Daily JFK - Rio de Janeiro Hotels in Europe Report Feb RevPAR Increase Prototype Helicopter Receives Permit to Fly Edinburgh Airport Reports Record Numbers Virgin Australia to Launch Melbourne - Hong Kong Flights Rosewood Signs Hotel in Hoi An, Vietnam APAC Hotels Report Increase in OR, RevPAR Sunway Putra Hotel KL Appoints GM Finnair to Suspend Miami Flights; Reduce Chicago Morocco Partners Int. Year of Sustainable Tourism Exec Appointments at American Airlines Tickets for Singapore 7s on StubHub Pop-Up Hotel Opens in Tel Aviv, Israel Bombardier Service Centres Earn FAA Diamond Awards Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Ryanair Takes Delivery of 450th B737-800 Malaysia Airlines Signs A350 Flight Training Deal Cyberbit Win Tech Leadership Award SpiceRoads Launches Family Cycling Tour of Vietnam Honeywell Signs Engine Deal with Dirgantara Indonesia Cobalt Air Appoints APG as GSA in Four Markets United Modernizes Screening at Newark US Hotels Report RevPAR Increase SEA World's Fastest Growing Travel and Tourism Region First Autograph Collection Hotel Opens in China CX to Upgrade Perth Flights with A350 Saab Appoints New Head of Market - APAC Dirgantara Indonesia Delivers 50th H225 Rear Fuselage to Airbus Bars in HK Offer Special Discounts for HK7s Four Seasons Resort Hualalai Appoints GM Jet Airways and Jetstar Asia to Codeshare Redefine|BDL Hotels Eyes European Expansion Delta to Launch Chicago - Seattle Flights Bayat Hotel in Abha Appoints GM St. Regis Bali Appoints Director of MarComs BA Adds First English Sparkling White Wine to First Class Aircraft Recycling Int. Acquires UAM PortMiami Installs Dual-View X-Ray Screeners Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Penang to Upgrade Swettenham Pier Cruise Terminal Lee Gardens to be Part of World's Best Sevens Party Vietjet to Increase Bangkok - Chiang Mai Flights India's Jet Airways Partners Uber Airbus to Open Training Facility in India Fairmont Jakarta Appoints DOSM Boeing's 9th WGS Satellite Launched into Orbit Combat System Trainer Delivered to Navy in NZ Mekhong Wins King's Cup Elephant Polo Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News No Brexit deal would mean a ‘painful and costly’ EU departure, manufacturers warn Failure to secure a deal for preferential access to the single market would put Britain at an immediate disadvantage, manufacturers’ body warns Ben Chapman Monday 27 March 2017 00:00 BST Click to follow The Independent Online ‘Risky and expensive blow’: industry body EEF warns PM losing access to the single market and customs union is ‘unacceptable’ Reuters Theresa May’s suggestion that no Brexit deal was better than a bad deal risked condemning UK manufacturing to a “painful and costly” exit from the EU, an employers’ body warns. EEF, the largest organisation representing the manufacturing and engineering businesses, said losing access to the single market and the customs union would be “simply unacceptable”. Manufacturing accounts for 45 per cent of all UK exports, EEF said in a report published on Monday. Any damage to the sector could severely hurt the economy. Read more Data points to peak in immigration of European Union workers The stark warning to the Prime Minister comes as she readies to trigger the start of negotiations to exit the EU this week. EEF urged the Government to clarify its position on the customs union and customs arrangements. Without a favourable trade deal, average tariffs for manufacturing exports to the EU could be expected to increase by approximately 5.3 per cent, the body said. Read more This business supporting small British manufacturers is booming Third of manufacturing firms 'want to move from UK after Brexit' Manufacturing price pressures increase again in February “The EU is our sector’s single biggest trading partner in a complex, tightly interwoven trading environment,” said Terry Scuoler, the chief executive of EEF. “Undermining the building blocks of this relationship – the single market and the customs union – without any other supportive structure in place would undoubtedly hurt our industry and condemn us to a painful and costly Brexit." Mr Scuoler said Ms May’s brinkmanship may be a negotiating tactic, “but it would in reality deliver a risky and expensive blow”. “The rhetoric from the Government needs to focus instead on achieving a deal that will work for the UK and the EU,” he added. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters The report argues that, unlike typical trade negotiations, where walking away means the continuation of the status quo, if the UK leaves the EU with no preferential access, it would immediately find itself at a disadvantage. UK manufacturing is particularly vulnerable because 52 per cent of the sector’s exports by value went to the EU last year, the EEF said. Some of its members report that due to the nature of their production processes, components can cross European borders multiple times, meaning they could face large increases in tariffs and administrative burdens. Analysis by The Independent has found the damage to Britain’s goods exporters of leaving the EU without a new free trade deal in place would be at least £4.5bn a year – a figure that could multiply. More about: Brexit Manufacturing single market Customs Union Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Quarter of UK businesses don’t have reliable broadband despite government pledges on ‘superfast’ internet Damning figures a blow for Government’s target of superfast connectivity for 95% of internet users by December  Ben Chapman Monday 27 March 2017 00:05 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Unplugged: small businesses and those in rural areas will suffer most in wait for faster broadband, according to a report by the British Chambers of Commerce Getty Almost a quarter of UK small businesses are being held back by unreliable internet connections despite Government promises to roll out “superfast broadband” across the UK by the end of the year. In rural areas 30 per cent of companies of all sizes do not have access to a stable connection, double the rate in towns, according to a survey by the British Chambers of Commerce. A minority of 7 per cent of companies said they couldn’t rely on their internet connection at all.  This is despite almost all businesses surveyed (99 per cent) saying reliable broadband was important, with more than four in five saying it was “extremely important”. Read more To improve productivity, Theresa May needs to tackle our broadband The damning statistics released on Monday suggest that the Government’s pledge to ensure 95 per cent of people have high-speed connections of over 24 megabits per second (Mbps) by the end of 2017 is some way off being fulfilled. For mobiles, in the Budget earlier this month Chancellor Philip Hammond pledged to “leverage private sector investment” to provide more ultra-fast 5G connectivity. Read more Will Ofcom compo plan force your broadband provider to shape up? 15 million UK homes pay £100 a year too much for broadband £440m government spend will bring broadband to 600,000 new homes Philip Hammond to invest £400m in 'full-fibre' broadband Adam Marshall, director general of the BCC said that while this was welcome, the government still has a “long way to go to get the basics right”. “Unreliable connections stunt productivity, causing needless delays, costs and frustration,” Mr Marshall said.  “While businesses in every corner of the UK are affected, our research shows that it’s rural areas and small businesses that are most likely to suffer. An unreliable connection acts as an obstacle to growth, and puts those firms most in need of support at a competitive disadvantage. “We’ve been calling on both providers and on government for years to fund the necessary upgrades required to deliver superfast broadband to business communities.” While the Government searches for ways to boost the UK’s lacklustre productivity, the BCC’s data suggests that more reliable connections would allow businesses to do more.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Nearly half of businesses (48%) said if the reliability of their broadband connection was improved it would allow them to use more applications, particularly cloud-based services, transfer of large files and remote server access for employees.  Mr Marshall called on ministers to act, stating that the immediate focus must be on providing all companies with reliable, fast connections.  “This will boost business confidence and encourage firms to maximise opportunities for growth, trade and investment,” he added. Last week industry regulator Ofcom proposed that customers should get automatic refunds if landline or broadband services are too slow, or if repair deadlines are missed. Under the proposals, customers would be entitled to automatic compensation, without having to go through potentially arduous claims processes when they receive poor service. More about: OFCOM Broadband Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Coverage of Disruptive Science and Technology Forum About Contact Facebook twitter Google March 23, 2017 China working on reusing rocket stages and will try to use parachutes and airbags to recover stages china, economic impact, launch, space, spacex Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit China is developing a rocket stage and engine recovery system at the China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology in Beijing. It uses using a set of multiple parachutes, which are stored in the first stage of the rocket, which is released from the rest of the craft before it burns its way through the Earth's atmosphere. An airbag inflates under the discarded part of the rocket, which cushions impact when it finally hits the ground. In 2011, Spacex tried to use parachutes for a stage recovery. Gwynne Shotwell, SpaceX's president, admitted in 2011: "We have recovered pieces of the first stages." The first stages weren't even getting as far as deploying their parachutes – they were breaking up during atmospheric re-entry. A similar program was announced by Roscosmos in mid-2016 when they formed a department dealing with the returned systems. China and Russia may cooperate on recoverable and reusable rocket stage development. The initial miniparachute system has to prevent the stage from breaking up and needs to stabilize it for re-entry. SpaceX has performed a series of successful vertical landings (rockets used to slow down and land the stage) which demonstrate the technology the feasibility, but Chinese paper has rejected the approach. Deng wrote that the vertical landing system needed additional fuel for landing, which icons rockets could only carry smaller payloads into space. The Falcon rocket development is to increase the thrust and reduce the number of rocket engine. That is also why China, As well as airbus, Boeing and Lockheed Martin did not use the technology, "Deng said. China has yet to the official rule out the vertical landing technology to recover rockets, according to Xinhua. A final decision will be made before 2020, the report said. The final goal was to hit a small recovery zone as exactly as the vertical landing zone, which will be assisted by multiple sensors and a sophisticated flight control system to guide the descent. Professor Sun Yi, the director of the aerospace science and mechanics department at the Harbin Institute of Technology, said he had concerns about the parachute-assisted landing system as it could have a miss a target area in high winds. "Falcon 9 can be brought back to the launch pad, or even land on a ship. With a parachute you may hit a mountain top or end up in thick forest on a tropical island," he said. Sun also doubted whether the air bag could significantly adequate impact during the landing of a heavy rocket. "Even a mild shock can cause damage to the components in rocket engines," he said. Author: brian wang on 3/23/2017 Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit Newer Post Older Post Home Форма для связи Name Email * Message * Archive ▼  2017 (579) ►  03/26 - 04/02 (19) ▼  03/19 - 03/26 (48) Russia designing submarine that will use composite... Telsa reveals first Model 3 release candidate Global Military lasers see robust growth and soon ... BAE concept for integrating drones and fighters th... Norway will build first ship tunnel that will be 1... Critical step in cellular repair of damaged DNA id... French election in May 2018 will decide the future... US Navy working on mostly automated 'Magic Carpet'... India has 300 million people without electricity a... China exporting multi-trillion dollar investment i... Gene sequencing for rapid diagnosis of tuberculosi... Africa will triple its urban population 500 millio... Office of Naval Research shows new Navy BAE railgu... Two separate breakthroughs will combine for unlimi... Traditional semiconductor CMOS scaling at end of r... CRISPR/Cas9 Reveals Cancer’s Synthetic Lethal Vuln... CRISPR gene therapy is enhancing t-cell immnothera... LPP Fusion working on inpurities for Tungsten anod... Vaccine that does not need refrigeration could sav... Automated collision avoidance and driver assistanc... Some aging reversal in appearance, liver, muscle a... China working on reusing rocket stages and will tr... Tissue created with microblood vessel network and ... Navy focused on UAV just for refueling for faster ... Wi-fi on rays of infrared light: 100 times faster ... Dig Once Bill would lower cost of fiber and broadb... Army testing 100 mph tracked ATV China's low fertility rate will cause policies to ... Fantasy land climate change scenarios Europe has a five year project to scale up molecul... World Will Pass $150 trillion GDP on a purchase po... Campaigning for Clean Air via pro-nuclear strategi... Bootstrapping to genome modified adult brains via ... Improving the intergalactic worldship design Nerf John Wick and a Adam Savage Custom Nerf Rifle... China using up to million dollar funding packages ... Why the pause in global CO2 emissions growth is te... DARPA Dynamic Range-enhanced Electronics and Mater... DARPA projects aims for new magnetic gradiometers ... Taiwan plans to acquire stealth fighters and do mo... 3d printing using simulated lunar and martian rego... Second hardest transparent material developed from... Improved materials for interfacing neural tissue w... Spacex Dragon returns with 5400 pounds of samples ... Singapore spends three times less the USA on healt... If both lower CO2 sensitivity and net positive up ... World will blow through Two Degree CO2 and have to... Japan, India and China still turning to more coal ... ►  03/12 - 03/19 (49) ►  03/05 - 03/12 (47) ►  02/26 - 03/05 (65) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (53) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (31) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (43) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (44) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (36) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (46) ►  01/08 - 01/15 (49) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (49) ►  2016 (2297) ►  12/25 - 01/01 (34) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (50) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (54) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (50) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (53) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (37) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (55) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (60) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (64) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (52) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (60) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (42) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (48) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (49) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (58) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (34) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (44) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (73) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (59) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (55) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (35) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (43) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (65) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (65) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (61) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (46) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (58) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (58) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (50) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (42) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (37) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (37) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (35) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (36) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (28) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (33) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (29) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (53) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (20) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (40) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (23) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (32) ►  02/28 - 03/06 (27) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (26) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (37) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (42) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (32) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (28) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (36) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (33) ►  2015 (1921) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (51) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (33) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (26) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (37) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (38) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (49) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (33) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (40) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (43) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (48) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (40) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (42) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (39) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (28) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (38) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (31) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (38) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (41) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (42) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (41) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (39) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (35) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (35) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (42) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (43) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (46) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (21) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (42) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (29) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (29) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (33) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (51) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (44) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (28) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (34) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (33) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (32) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (24) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (34) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (28) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (42) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (38) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (33) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (28) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (36) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (25) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (34) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (49) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (45) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (43) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (43) ►  2014 (1818) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (27) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (32) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (39) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (46) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (44) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (21) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (42) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (40) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (35) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (49) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (37) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (38) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (34) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (37) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (37) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (39) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (34) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (34) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (30) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (44) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (44) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (34) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (34) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (23) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (21) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (37) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (17) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (38) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (32) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (34) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (43) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (32) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (34) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (34) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (28) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (30) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (40) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (32) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (41) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (41) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (18) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (32) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (32) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (35) ►  02/23 - 03/02 (32) ►  02/16 - 02/23 (26) ►  02/09 - 02/16 (36) ►  02/02 - 02/09 (29) ►  01/26 - 02/02 (35) ►  01/19 - 01/26 (43) ►  01/12 - 01/19 (46) ►  01/05 - 01/12 (46) ►  2013 (2117) ►  12/29 - 01/05 (50) ►  12/22 - 12/29 (31) ►  12/15 - 12/22 (47) ►  12/08 - 12/15 (44) ►  12/01 - 12/08 (57) ►  11/24 - 12/01 (51) ►  11/17 - 11/24 (46) ►  11/10 - 11/17 (39) ►  11/03 - 11/10 (48) ►  10/27 - 11/03 (53) ►  10/20 - 10/27 (48) ►  10/13 - 10/20 (37) ►  10/06 - 10/13 (52) ►  09/29 - 10/06 (51) ►  09/22 - 09/29 (39) ►  09/15 - 09/22 (44) ►  09/08 - 09/15 (38) ►  09/01 - 09/08 (38) ►  08/25 - 09/01 (56) ►  08/18 - 08/25 (43) ►  08/11 - 08/18 (40) ►  08/04 - 08/11 (54) ►  07/28 - 08/04 (52) ►  07/21 - 07/28 (25) ►  07/14 - 07/21 (28) ►  07/07 - 07/14 (31) ►  06/30 - 07/07 (29) ►  06/23 - 06/30 (29) ►  06/16 - 06/23 (35) ►  06/09 - 06/16 (41) ►  06/02 - 06/09 (39) ►  05/26 - 06/02 (34) ►  05/19 - 05/26 (49) ►  05/12 - 05/19 (37) ►  05/05 - 05/12 (48) ►  04/28 - 05/05 (37) ►  04/21 - 04/28 (44) ►  04/14 - 04/21 (39) ►  04/07 - 04/14 (33) ►  03/31 - 04/07 (37) ►  03/24 - 03/31 (37) ►  03/17 - 03/24 (36) ►  03/10 - 03/17 (37) ►  03/03 - 03/10 (52) ►  02/24 - 03/03 (40) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (35) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (27) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (34) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (36) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (32) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (27) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (51) ►  2012 (2728) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (29) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (34) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (45) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (41) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (51) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (39) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (63) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (50) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (60) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (40) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (39) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (51) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (50) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (37) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (44) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (38) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (41) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (52) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (45) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (44) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (52) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (53) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (53) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (46) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (39) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (53) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (48) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (51) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (57) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (54) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (48) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (51) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (62) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (45) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (54) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (59) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (68) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (54) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (54) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (70) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (74) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (65) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (63) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (71) ►  02/26 - 03/04 (57) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (58) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (38) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (54) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (50) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (60) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (62) ►  01/08 - 01/15 (52) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (60) ►  2011 (3141) ►  12/25 - 01/01 (35) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (53) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (58) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (77) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (78) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (67) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (76) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (70) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (44) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (62) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (54) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (58) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (65) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (63) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (57) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (57) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (60) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (70) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (47) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (46) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (42) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (51) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (45) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (54) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (71) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (54) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (70) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (51) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (57) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (32) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (60) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (69) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (52) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (71) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (52) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (58) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (67) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (69) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (75) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (70) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (89) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (65) ►  02/27 - 03/06 (68) ►  02/20 - 02/27 (55) ►  02/13 - 02/20 (57) ►  02/06 - 02/13 (50) ►  01/30 - 02/06 (79) ►  01/23 - 01/30 (73) ►  01/16 - 01/23 (65) ►  01/09 - 01/16 (70) ►  01/02 - 01/09 (57) ►  2010 (2288) ►  12/26 - 01/02 (24) ►  12/19 - 12/26 (41) ►  12/12 - 12/19 (59) ►  12/05 - 12/12 (53) ►  11/28 - 12/05 (61) ►  11/21 - 11/28 (55) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (46) ►  11/07 - 11/14 (54) ►  10/31 - 11/07 (48) ►  10/24 - 10/31 (60) ►  10/17 - 10/24 (38) ►  10/10 - 10/17 (40) ►  10/03 - 10/10 (39) ►  09/26 - 10/03 (47) ►  09/19 - 09/26 (45) ►  09/12 - 09/19 (39) ►  09/05 - 09/12 (50) ►  08/29 - 09/05 (61) ►  08/22 - 08/29 (50) ►  08/15 - 08/22 (44) ►  08/08 - 08/15 (56) ►  08/01 - 08/08 (57) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (42) ►  07/18 - 07/25 (37) ►  07/11 - 07/18 (29) ►  07/04 - 07/11 (40) ►  06/27 - 07/04 (33) ►  06/20 - 06/27 (44) ►  06/13 - 06/20 (45) ►  06/06 - 06/13 (48) ►  05/30 - 06/06 (30) ►  05/23 - 05/30 (40) ►  05/16 - 05/23 (43) ►  05/09 - 05/16 (43) ►  05/02 - 05/09 (38) ►  04/25 - 05/02 (44) ►  04/18 - 04/25 (40) ►  04/11 - 04/18 (34) ►  04/04 - 04/11 (43) ►  03/28 - 04/04 (40) ►  03/21 - 03/28 (40) ►  03/14 - 03/21 (44) ►  03/07 - 03/14 (36) ►  02/28 - 03/07 (46) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (43) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (38) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (53) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (42) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (41) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (41) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (51) ►  2009 (1346) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (22) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (32) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (33) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (39) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (42) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (29) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (42) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (35) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (30) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (34) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (36) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (38) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (38) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (36) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (31) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (28) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (27) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (25) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (18) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (24) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (26) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (28) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (33) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (21) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (14) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (15) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (14) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (33) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (19) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (28) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (18) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (14) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (20) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (15) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (24) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (18) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (26) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (19) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (16) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (17) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (25) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (30) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (21) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (21) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (24) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (30) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (29) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (18) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (21) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (27) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (18) ►  2008 (857) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (6) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (6) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (17) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (12) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (12) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (4) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (14) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (16) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (15) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (12) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (15) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (13) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (12) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (23) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (12) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (18) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (21) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (22) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (27) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (19) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (26) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (22) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (24) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (18) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (14) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (28) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (14) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (24) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (14) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (18) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (22) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (9) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (15) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (7) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (10) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (12) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (19) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (19) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (20) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (13) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (14) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (25) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (13) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (19) ►  02/24 - 03/02 (12) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (10) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (20) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (16) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (20) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (21) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (21) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (22) ►  2007 (954) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (10) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (12) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (21) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (16) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (12) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (24) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (17) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (29) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (20) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (14) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (20) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (26) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (27) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (18) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (14) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (26) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (14) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (1) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (12) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (13) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (11) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (6) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (10) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (32) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (11) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (19) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (9) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (29) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (23) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (21) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (15) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (15) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (24) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (21) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (21) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (33) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (20) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (24) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (15) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (17) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (19) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (18) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (14) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (12) ►  02/25 - 03/04 (26) ►  02/18 - 02/25 (20) ►  02/11 - 02/18 (21) ►  02/04 - 02/11 (19) ►  01/28 - 02/04 (15) ►  01/21 - 01/28 (19) ►  01/14 - 01/21 (30) ►  01/07 - 01/14 (19) ►  2006 (824) ►  12/31 - 01/07 (23) ►  12/24 - 12/31 (2) ►  12/17 - 12/24 (12) ►  12/10 - 12/17 (15) ►  12/03 - 12/10 (21) ►  11/26 - 12/03 (11) ►  11/19 - 11/26 (25) ►  11/12 - 11/19 (20) ►  11/05 - 11/12 (9) ►  10/29 - 11/05 (19) ►  10/22 - 10/29 (16) ►  10/15 - 10/22 (21) ►  10/08 - 10/15 (13) ►  10/01 - 10/08 (17) ►  09/24 - 10/01 (27) ►  09/17 - 09/24 (15) ►  09/10 - 09/17 (20) ►  09/03 - 09/10 (9) ►  08/27 - 09/03 (24) ►  08/20 - 08/27 (15) ►  08/13 - 08/20 (37) ►  08/06 - 08/13 (25) ►  07/30 - 08/06 (20) ►  07/23 - 07/30 (24) ►  07/16 - 07/23 (28) ►  07/02 - 07/09 (4) ►  06/25 - 07/02 (36) ►  06/18 - 06/25 (49) ►  06/11 - 06/18 (44) ►  06/04 - 06/11 (28) ►  05/28 - 06/04 (16) ►  05/21 - 05/28 (12) ►  05/14 - 05/21 (7) ►  05/07 - 05/14 (11) ►  04/23 - 04/30 (6) ►  04/16 - 04/23 (9) ►  04/09 - 04/16 (8) ►  04/02 - 04/09 (19) ►  03/26 - 04/02 (11) ►  03/19 - 03/26 (14) ►  03/12 - 03/19 (21) ►  03/05 - 03/12 (20) ►  02/26 - 03/05 (17) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (6) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (2) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (5) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (4) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (1) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (2) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (4) ►  2005 (59) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (3) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (4) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (5) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (6) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (6) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (6) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (6) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (6) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (1) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (3) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (8) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (5) ►  1999 (2) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (1) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (1) Top sites Oil Price Best of NextbigFuture in 2009 to Week 45 Biosingularity Brian's bio page at the Lifeboat Foundation Build new worlds = Go for Greatness Centauri Dreams Center for Responsible Nanotech Blog Coal is really bad Diamond semiconductors, MNT could break the improvement economic logjam Foresight nanodot Future Pundit Instapundit Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines book online Melanie Swan Futurememes Methuselah foundation blog Molecular nanotechnology search engine Nanotechnology Now Nextbigfuture Flipcard View No nukes means more coal Nuclear Cannon summary Nuclear Green - Charles Barton Quantum computer summary Space and nanotechnology Synthetic biology, DNA/RNA/Protein/self assembly pathway Thorium Energy Thorium, mass produced clean nuclear power Universe Today Blog~nano: Nanoscale Materials Lifeboat foundation blog Nanoparticle drug delivery Community Follow by Email Popular labels future (10801) science (5285) technology (4073) energy (3847) united states (2904) china (2821) world (2779) space (2735) nuclear (2259) economic impact (2121) physics (2112) medicine (1818) military (1528) materials (1481) japan (946) predictions (941) europe (903) robotics (776) russia (776) nasa (728) astronomy (716) gdp (683) oil (679) gadgets (671) environment (644) solar (634) launch (604) cars (601) google (595) disease (594) future weapons (587) lasers (583) economy (582) india (560) artificial intelligence (541) airplanes (533) fusion (532) darpa (529) life extension (519) batteries (518) canada (517) propulsion (496) computers (495) public health (493) internet (490) risks (488) policy (482) longevity (480) spacex (472) UK (463) navy (460) politics (459) population (453) brain (437) carbon nanotubes (413) carnival of space (400) electric cars (400) graphene (394) quantum computer (387) air force (385) sensors (369) cancer (365) telescope (360) Economics (359) controversial (359) deaths (355) DNA (351) cities (343) nanotechnology (341) qubits (338) gene therapy (336) elon musk (333) smartphone (330) communication (324) commercialization (322) singularity (321) uranium (321) War (319) enabling technology (315) electronics (313) antiaging (311) coal (308) stem cells (306) transhuman (305) Mars (297) molecular nanotechnology (284) nanoscale (282) climate change (281) geopolitical (275) fission (268) carnival of nuclear energy (265) wireless (265) metamaterials (263) superconductor (258) water (251) poverty (246) computer memory (244) UAV (240) asia (238) movies (233) hypersonic (230) air pollution (225) magnets (224) regeneration (221) dwave (220) gadget (219) supercomputer (219) mit (218) moon (216) wind (213) apple (212) army (209) africa (199) ships (198) food (197) 3d (195) ibm (195) imaging (195) tissue engineering (195) SENS (194) additive manufacturing (194) public transportation (192) television (192) intel (189) adiabatic quantum computer (187) drones (187) quantum effects (187) cold fusion (186) wealth (182) buildings (181) peak oil (181) agriculture (179) colonization (179) business (175) germany (175) synthetic biology (174) satellites (173) south korea (172) cellphone (170) engineering (168) displays (166) nanoparticles (161) broadband (160) israel (157) gene sequencing (155) lithography (154) DNA nanotechnology (151) australia (151) natural gas (149) thorium (147) genetic engineering (146) bootstrapping nanotechnology (143) taiwan (143) computer architecture (139) personalized medicine (138) aging (136) education (132) iran (131) korea (131) NIAC (130) low energy nuclear reactions (130) superconductors (130) aircraft (129) nvidia (129) machine learning (128) exoskeleton (125) transportation (125) weapons (125) bakken (124) computer (121) fiction (121) north dakota (121) samsung (120) self assembly (120) dense plasma focus (118) future weapons (118) airplane (117) france (117) iphone (117) mind computer interface (117) cameras (116) hybrid (115) quantum dots (115) nanowires (114) android (111) asteroids (110) brain emulation (109) spintronics (109) focus fusion (107) thermoelectric (107) geopolitics (106) microsoft (106) optical networking (106) sander olson (106) skyscrapers (106) telescopes (106) cyborg (105) microscopes (105) oceans (105) optical computing (105) room temperature superconductor (105) mathematics (104) proteins (103) diamond (102) singapore (102) rossi (101) interviews (100) exaflop (99) high speed rail (99) futurist (98) vaccines (98) invisible (97) printable electronics (96) molten salt (95) tablets (93) terahertz (93) engines (91) petaflop (91) ultracapacitors (91) biofuels (90) RNA (89) direct energy weapons (89) intelligence (89) manufacturing (89) petaflops (89) cognitive enhancement (85) concentrated solar power (84) iec fusion (84) supercomputers (82) tesla (82) nanomedicine (81) tablet (81) oilsands (80) MEMS (79) deep learning (79) faster than Moore's Law (79) finance (79) italy (78) nanomaterials (78) smartphones (78) quantum annealing (77) neurons (76) railgun (76) saudi arabia (76) virus (76) california (75) iraq (75) memristors (74) regenerative medicine (74) GPGPU (73) performance enhancement (73) submarine (73) jobs (72) submarines (72) cloud computing (71) crispr (71) alzheimer's (70) entertainment (69) solar sail (69) rapid manufacturing (68) silicon photonics (68) plasmonics (67) robots (67) economies (66) global warming (66) nanostructured (66) security (66) facebook (64) speculation (64) nanoparticle drug delivery (63) brazil (61) electric planes (61) transhumanist (61) ukraine (61) algorithms (60) guided self assembly (60) nextbigfuture (60) wearable electronics (60) DNA origami (59) deepwater oil (59) emdrive (59) mach effect (59) molecular electronics (59) quantum computers (59) ocean (58) oil shale (58) planetary resources (58) alberta (57) flexible electronics (56) HP (55) hydro (55) lab on a chip (55) radiation (55) self driving cars (55) rapid prototyping (53) photonic propulsion (52) biomarkers (51) lifeboat foundation (50) gpu (49) laser (49) amazon (48) euv lithography (48) memristor (47) myostatin inhibitors (47) neuromorphic (47) fuel cells (46) mechanical nanotechnology (46) AMD (45) active cloak (45) drexler (45) genome engineering (45) mundane singularity (45) pre-singularity (45) general fusion (43) Friedlander (42) genomics (42) quantum (42) star wars (42) teraflop (42) wealthy (42) broad group (41) electric bikes (41) exoplanets (41) holograms (41) space elevator (41) superlenses (41) video games (41) femtosecond laser (40) mexico (40) spaceplane (40) texas (40) nanophotonics (39) fish (38) precursor technology (38) programmable molecular nanotechnology (38) robot (38) zettaflop (38) atomically precise manufacturing (37) construction (37) high resolution (37) desalination (36) flash (36) indonesia (36) millimeter wireless (36) policies (36) surveillance (36) 3d. materials (35) augmented reality (35) blacklight power (35) camera (35) saskatchewan (35) terrorism (35) drone (34) flu (34) gigapixel (33) xprize (33) DNA synthesis (32) gigabit (32) gps (32) mitochondria (32) nanopatterning (32) plasmons (32) Project Orion (31) exaflops (31) hyperloop (31) nanoelectronics (31) MRI (30) fabber (30) silicon (30) diabetes (29) diamondoid mechanosynthesis (29) flying car (29) pollution (29) social media (29) virtual reality (29) geoengineering (28) hunger (28) hyperion power generation (28) bloodstream robots (27) carbon capture (27) challenges (27) gene synthesis (27) ocean mining (27) winterberg (27) RNA interference (26) crowdfunding (26) freitas (26) internet of things (26) star trek (26) teraflops (26) OLED (25) big data (25) casimir force (25) pathway (25) prediction (25) robotic (25) heartland robotics (24) kickstarter (24) open source (24) semiconductor (24) helion energy (23) medical (23) nanoimprint (23) roll to roll (23) satellite (23) sports (23) superconducting (23) syria (23) FPGAs (22) antimatter (22) communications (22) computational chemistry (22) cubesat (22) electric sail (22) pakistan (22) quantum encryption (22) skyscraper (22) genes (21) kitegen (21) lighting (21) nanomembranes (21) smart grid (21) exascale (20) genetics (20) hong kong (20) mobile (20) parkinson's disease (20) planes (20) safety (20) techonomy (20) brillouin energy (19) contour crafting (19) nanocomposites (19) nanolaser (19) nanoribbons (19) rapamycin (19) south america (19) tourism (19) atomic layer deposition (18) biofuel (18) city (18) nanodiamond (18) spiderfab (18) terabit ethernet (18) urbanization (18) vietnam (18) zyvex (18) LIDAR (17) car (17) commercial (17) dna manufacturing (17) ebeam lithography (17) graphite (17) seastead (17) spain (17) transgenic (17) verizon (17) AGI (16) algae (16) chemistry (16) cryonics (16) deep reinforcement learning (16) electric (16) electricity (16) futurists (16) led (16) nems (16) nuclear fusion (16) privacy (16) synthetic life (16) transformation optics (16) LPP fusion (15) antenna (15) building (15) defkalion (15) genome (15) nanomagnet (15) nanotechnology business (15) nanowire (15) solve for x (15) telomeres (15) tensilica (15) attosecond laser (14) deep mind (14) display (14) domes (14) eestor (14) epigenetics (14) gas (14) liquid fluoride (14) nanoplasmonic (14) north korea (14) power beaming (14) resveratrol (14) sound (14) vaccine (14) 5g (13) DNA computers (13) bitcoin (13) double lithography (13) genescient (13) innovation (13) law enforcement (13) magnet (13) nanofactory (13) nervous system (13) petrobank (13) plasma (13) pluto (13) wars (13) wimax (13) adaptive clinical trials (12) cloning (12) cvd (12) farming (12) history (12) infrastructure (12) kurzweil (12) nanofibers (12) new state of matter (12) philippines (12) railguns (12) rejuvenation (12) society (12) software (12) south africa (12) space based solar power (12) video (12) Claytronics (11) UK Ideas Factory (11) asteroid (11) bacteria (11) bigelow (11) bolonkin (11) crowdsourcing (11) electric car (11) gsummit (11) matter (11) metformin (11) moons (11) mram (11) nanobots (11) nanorobotics (11) phase change material (11) reusable rocket (11) sensor (11) sony (11) terrestrial energy (11) vision (11) RFID (10) bioprinting (10) femtotech (10) geothermal (10) googlex (10) harvesting (10) hyperlenses (10) nanoantenna (10) nanolithography (10) petabyte (10) photonics (10) thermo-photovoltaic cells (10) Cnano Technology (9) artificial organs (9) concrete (9) egypt (9) ereader (9) exoplanet (9) exosuit (9) fpga (9) graphane (9) lenr (9) movie (9) nanopores (9) nanotubes (9) obesity (9) ovonic (9) petawatt (9) petrobakken (9) political (9) port security (9) renewable (9) soft exoskeleton (9) toyota (9) turkey (9) vertical farming (9) DNA nanoarray (8) atomtronics (8) baidu (8) biotechnology (8) brains (8) crime (8) electron beam (8) fullerenes (8) funding (8) gbps (8) george church (8) honda (8) hypertelescope (8) laptops (8) leap motion (8) nanocomp technologies (8) nanoparticle (8) optogenetics (8) programmable matter (8) rethink robotics (8) scramjet (8) skylon (8) superintelligence (8) synapse (8) trapped ion (8) trialpha energy (8) ASICS (7) ILEMM (7) battery (7) cloud (7) computational government (7) computational lithography (7) cryocooling (7) databases (7) ebola (7) ecat (7) engine (7) genomic engineering (7) google loon (7) high temperature reactor (7) internet of everything (7) interstellar (7) magnetic (7) malaysia (7) material (7) meat factories (7) nanosensors (7) red camera (7) regulation (7) room temperature spintronics (7) scooters (7) smart dust (7) taxes (7) work (7) Rotaxane (6) aerogel (6) antennas (6) atomic swiches (6) automation (6) calico (6) carbon (6) cement (6) conservation (6) corruption (6) cray (6) death (6) dip pen lithography (6) disruption (6) exawatt (6) gene drive (6) hybrids (6) illusion (6) interview (6) marines (6) microscope (6) mind reading (6) nanodots (6) nanorod (6) nantero (6) nuclear energy (6) poor (6) productivity (6) self replication (6) silicon valley (6) solar energy (6) three forks (6) tilera (6) top-down nanotechnology (6) uber (6) ultrasound (6) venezuela (6) MicroRNA (5) algorithm (5) annealing (5) atom circuit (5) beyond cmos (5) bikes (5) brain uploading (5) cannae (5) cleantech (5) cloaking (5) cyberwar (5) dubai (5) employment (5) entrepreneur (5) exponential manufacturing (5) ftl (5) futurism (5) genomes (5) greece (5) h1n1 (5) health (5) hoverboard (5) iRNA (5) industry (5) magnetic monopoles (5) megacities (5) metallic hydrogen (5) middle class (5) mining (5) motorcycles (5) nanodevices (5) nanorods (5) protein (5) quantum well (5) ride sharing (5) risk (5) stratolaunch (5) sun microsystems (5) sweden (5) terapixel (5) tools (5) wifi (5) Nigel B. Cook (4) abundance (4) artificial life (4) boron nanotubes (4) bubbles (4) diesel (4) drug delivery (4) emc2 (4) ethics (4) fat (4) fat loss (4) flibe energy (4) follistatin (4) google glass (4) ipad (4) jetpack (4) medicine. (4) memcapacitors (4) meminductors (4) merkle (4) microbiome (4) microscale (4) monopoles (4) nanomagnet logic (4) nanomanufacturing (4) nanomembrane (4) nanometals (4) nanomotors (4) nanotip (4) optical tweezers (4) personal transport (4) precision medicine (4) quantum biology (4) quantum computing (4) rna nanotechnology (4) sensing (4) smart cities (4) smartwatch (4) sport (4) super high vision (4) supersonic (4) synthetic fuel (4) tanks (4) techology (4) terabit (4) terabyte (4) transparent (4) twitter (4) venus (4) wolfram alpha (4) world war (4) Amazon ec2 (3) aids (3) aliens (3) antilaser (3) art (3) aubrey de grey (3) avagadro scale computing (3) baldness (3) bioengineering (3) carbyne (3) chromebook (3) climate (3) diblock copolymer (3) dna brick (3) drugs (3) ebook (3) energy. united states (3) esail (3) exabyte (3) extinction (3) extraterrestrial (3) fast boat (3) faster than light (3) fighters (3) gecko (3) gravity (3) haptic interface (3) highlights (3) ido bachelet (3) low power (3) magnetics (3) maker (3) malnutrition (3) metagenomics (3) methuselarity (3) mice (3) micronutrient (3) montana (3) nano-ionic memory (3) nanopore (3) nanotechnology IPO (3) nuclear fission (3) nutrigenomics (3) parallel (3) petahertz (3) petapixel (3) plasmonic lithography (3) poll results (3) ppp (3) programmable metallization cell (3) qubit (3) rail (3) recombineering (3) services science (3) ship (3) silicene (3) spaser (3) spinplasmonics (3) stanford (3) stm (3) straintronics (3) tech (3) videos (3) waters (3) wikileaks (3) wireless power (3) xray (3) yottaflop (3) zero point energy (3) zettawatt (3) Baxter (2) Ben Goertzel (2) FGPA (2) Freeman Dyson (2) PACER (2) USV (2) afghanistan (2) aging reversal (2) alphabet (2) beam pen lithography (2) biochar (2) breakthrough (2) buidings (2) capri (2) carbon atomic chains (2) cella energy (2) cells (2) chipsat (2) cluster state quantum computer (2) computing (2) cryptocurrency (2) data mining (2) data science (2) dell (2) detection (2) device (2) devices (2) diamandis (2) diamonds (2) drone swarm (2) et energy (2) et3 (2) excitons (2) existential risk (2) field effect transistors (2) finFET (2) flywheel (2) free-piston engine (2) future energy (2) gagdets (2) gbit/s (2) gdp. economic impact (2) gigaflop (2) google future (2) graphics (2) graphyne (2) green (2) head mounted display (2) hoverbike (2) iarpa (2) ivf (2) jovion corporation (2) laser sintering (2) liposuction (2) lithium sulfur (2) magnetricity (2) mapping (2) medicines (2) metamaterial (2) metmaterials (2) microtechnology (2) miltary (2) moon shots (2) nanocrystalline cellulose (2) nanocubes (2) nanodiamonds (2) nanodisks (2) nanoenergetics (2) nanoglue (2) nanolattice (2) nanometer (2) nanooptics (2) nanopillars (2) nanoprobe (2) nanosand (2) nanosheets (2) nanostore (2) nanosurgery (2) nanothread (2) nanowelding (2) neural dust (2) neural network (2) neurorobotics (2) nram (2) pandemic (2) personal aviation (2) picometer (2) picoprojectors (2) popululation (2) printable robots (2) quantum ai singularity (2) quantum cellular automata (2) quantum dot (2) regenerative dentistry (2) renewables (2) ribosome (2) russian (2) rydberg matter (2) science future (2) space tower (2) spinal cord (2) stratosphere (2) subatomic (2) synthetic bactera (2) telecopes (2) telsa (2) thinfilm (2) transmutation (2) tricorder (2) triple lithography (2) united (2) utility fog (2) uuv (2) venter (2) wang bullet (2) wave disc engine (2) wearable (2) wearables (2) wet nanotechnology (2) yottabytes (2) youtube (2) z-pinch (2) zettabyte (2) 3rd tsunami (1) Bandung (1) British Columbia (1) Chin (1) Cycle Computing (1) Euclideon (1) GNA nanotechnology (1) Grant Norton (1) H2CAR (1) Herman Kahn (1) I am Legend (1) IEDM (1) James Miller (1) Jason Stowe (1) John Mankins (1) Juan Enriquez (1) Kardashev (1) Keith Lofstrom (1) Lower Montney (1) Montney (1) NENS (1) Peter Glaser (1) R2R production (1) R2RNIL (1) Red Whittaker (1) Rodney Brooks (1) Upper Montney (1) VTOL (1) WW3 (1) acer (1) aerographite (1) agricultur (1) alaska (1) alphago (1) analytics (1) anodization nanolithography (1) architecture (1) astronomgy (1) aurope (1) austrialia (1) aviation (1) batteries ibm (1) betteries (1) bio-syntrolysis (1) biocomp (1) biocomputers (1) biofab (1) bionano (1) blockchain (1) blue origin (1) boltzmann machine (1) bottom up nanotechnology (1) brain implant (1) brian ahern (1) brontobytes (1) buckypaper (1) buckywire (1) cardiovascular (1) carmera (1) chemputer (1) chiha (1) china future (1) china. energy (1) china. nuclear (1) chiplets (1) cholesterol (1) cold war history (1) colloidal quantum dots (1) comcast (1) communication physics (1) computes (1) conditional deep belief network (1) connectomics (1) convergence (1) copper nanowelding (1) cornocopia (1) cortical computing (1) cosmology (1) countries (1) crescent point (1) cryosleep (1) cyborg camera (1) dark knight (1) dendrimers (1) dielectrophoresis (1) diet (1) drug dlelivery (1) dry nanotechnology (1) eagle ford (1) econ (1) economices (1) ecoskeleton (1) electrohydrodynamic (1) elevators (1) energy storage (1) enterprise (1) eor (1) et (1) exalfop (1) exoskeletons (1) exosuits (1) exponential (1) ferropaper (1) flops (1) free space optics (1) free-piston linear alternator (1) fure (1) future physics (1) future technology (1) future. wireless (1) futute (1) gadgetes (1) gadgets future (1) gadgets sensors (1) gallium nitride (1) gate all around (1) geo (1) geocosmo (1) gigawatt (1) glycerol nucleic acid (1) golden spike (1) good (1) googlke (1) graphen (1) graphene monoxide (1) guaranteed income (1) hacking (1) halophytes (1) handheld (1) head transplant (1) helium (1) helphookup.com (1) humor (1) hypersound (1) idaho national lab (1) ieee (1) implantable electronics (1) india science (1) intel future (1) intracellular machines (1) ion beam (1) launch future (1) launch loop (1) launcher (1) lifi (1) litecoin (1) lunar (1) lysosome (1) mRNA (1) magnetic resonance force microscopy (1) magnetic superatoms (1) magnets. future (1) malaria (1) marvel (1) masdar (1) maser (1) materias (1) materils (1) mcam (1) media equivalence (1) mediciine (1) memcomputing (1) memflector (1) metabolic engineering (1) metalens (1) metananocircuitry (1) methane (1) methylome (1) microassembly (1) microcontact printing (1) miiltary (1) miitary (1) military geopolitical (1) millimeter scale computing (1) mlitary (1) moon future (1) music (1) nabsys (1) naic (1) nano-origami (1) nanoarches (1) nanobrain (1) nanobubbles (1) nanobuds (1) nanocable (1) nanocar (1) nanoceramic (1) nanochannels (1) nanocones (1) nanodomes (1) nanofluid (1) nanofoam (1) nanogravure (1) nanoionic (1) nanokites (1) nanolipogel (1) nanopantography (1) nanopaper (1) nanoposts (1) nanoscalpels (1) nanoshell (1) nanoshields (1) nanosolder (1) nanostars (1) nanoweave (1) nasa future (1) nasa science (1) nasa. niac (1) neural turing machine (1) neuroprosthesis (1) new form of matter (1) nias (1) nokia (1) nuclea (1) nuclear energy weekly (1) numenta (1) obama (1) oilsand (1) optalysys (1) optical metamaterial assembly (1) optoelectronic (1) optomec (1) paintable batteries (1) paperphone (1) paralysis (1) peptoid nanotechnology (1) perfect lens (1) petabits (1) phablet (1) phycsics (1) physics science (1) picoscale (1) picosecond (1) plasmene (1) pokemon go (1) polariton superfluid (1) polaritons (1) polaritronics (1) political future (1) poltics (1) popup mems (1) positron dynamics (1) power clothing (1) probabilistic CMOS (1) propulsion launch (1) protection (1) protocell (1) quad lithography (1) quantum dominance (1) quantum learning (1) quantum machine learning (1) quantum simulation (1) quantum singularity (1) quantum spin liquid (1) quantum supremacy (1) qudits (1) radar future (1) rb2015 (1) remote (1) rf-stm (1) scanning beam interference lithography (1) scarcity (1) sceince (1) science fiction (1) science fiction calculations (1) science. materials (1) science. quantum communication (1) sciencee (1) sciene (1) senses (1) server sky (1) servers (1) sharing economy (1) skyhook (1) smart dew (1) smokefree cooker (1) soft robot (1) solitons (1) sponsored (1) sprayon solar power (1) stanene (1) startram (1) statite (1) ste (1) stumbleupon (1) supercavitation (1) superinsulator (1) superlattice (1) supply chain (1) synthetic chemistry (1) tcarbon (1) technogy (1) technology energy (1) technology future (1) technology gadgets (1) technology gagdets (1) technolology (1) techonology (1) tegra (1) teleccopes (1) telemedicine (1) terawatt (1) terawatts (1) the Hobbit (1) thiel (1) time (1) timing (1) tokomak (1) topological quantum computer (1) tpv cells (1) traffic (1) trains (1) transplant (1) tri-alpha energy (1) tristar (1) tropic thunder (1) turbines (1) tyler formation (1) ultra-short pulse (1) ultravector (1) universal memory (1) universal quantum computer (1) upu (1) user interface (1) valleytronics (1) vietname (1) voice recognition (1) watson (1) weapon (1) willow garage (1) wind. solar (1) wnd (1) word (1) world. (1) x labs (1) zeolites (1) zeptojoules (1) zram (1) Facebook plugin Energy Space Science Technology World Medicine Robotics Quantum Computers Artificial intelligence About Copyright © 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 New big future Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. About UsContact Facebook twitter Google RSS
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Police make new arrest after Westminster terror attack 9-month-old girl burnt alive as hut catches fire in Jaisalmer Business Standard Iran strikes back at US with 'reciprocal' sanctions AP  |  Tehran  March 26, 2017 Last Updated at 23:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUHZk5 ALSO READ Iran will never get nuclear weapon: Trump tells Netanyahu Iran says Israel 'biggest threat' to world peace Iran leader backs liberation from Israel 'tumour' UN furious after Israel implies school glorifies 'terrorism' Iran says to sanction 15 US companies for Israel ties Iran today sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating. Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comments today. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. And United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber "Desert Eagle" pistols, a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. Military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. Has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Today's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Iran | Israel | Terrorism | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Iran strikes back at US with 'reciprocal' sanctions Iran today sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's ... Iran today sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating. Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comments today. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. And United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber "Desert Eagle" pistols, a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. Military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. Has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Today's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Iran strikes back at US with 'reciprocal' sanctions Iran today sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating. Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comments today. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. And United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber "Desert Eagle" pistols, a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. Military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. Has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Today's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Photos Videos Topics Live SA 80/5 (39) - NZ 489/10 (162.1) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home World Iran strikes back at US with 'reciprocal' sanctions Shares1 Sun, 26 Mar 2017-11:33pm , PTI Iran today sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating. Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comments today. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. and United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber "Desert Eagle" pistols, a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Today's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < RSS making false propaganda about Kerala clashes, says Sitaram Yechury   Comments   Also Read World Pak court asks Punjab govt to explain detention of Hafiz Saeed 'without a trial' World Man with knife arrested trying to enter Tunisian parliament: Officials World Bad news for Indian I-T companies: Trump backs H-1B reforms bill, claims US lawmaker World Snapping of Indo-Pak talks only encourages terrorists: Pak World 'I am saddened and shocked by what Khalid has done': Wife of British parliament assailant condemns attack World Japan investigates avalanche deaths of seven students and teacher < Previous ArticleNext Article > RSS making false propaganda about Kerala clashes, says Sitaram Yechury Live Cricket Score Live SA 80/5 (39), 314/10 (89.2) SA trail by 95 runs NZ 489/10 (162.1) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Death to America: Hundreds of thousands rally in Iran against US President Trump Iran says missile test not intended to send any 'message' to Trump Iran to ban US citizens in retaliation to Trump move Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags Hassan Rouhani Tehran United States Washington Iran Revolutionary Guard Israeli U. S. IRNA Oshkosh U. S. Congress U. S. Embassy U. S. military Boeing Co. CIA defense ministry Desert Eagle Elbit Foreign Ministry Islamic Republic Israeli Defense Ministry Raytheon Co. United Technologies Corp. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News White House calls for domestic cuts to finance border wall Egypt's President to visit US next week: White House Baseball-Trump declines Nationals' invite to throw first pitch US official: Trump to meet China's Xi first week in April Germany opens new probe into suspected Turkish spying Sport WRAPUP 2-Soccer-Iran close in on World Cup, China teeter on the brink Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment History has it: Shah Rukh Khan has BEATEN Akshay Kumar THRICE during clashes before! FINALLY! Kiku Sharda BREAKS SILENCE on the Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight! Crocodile tears? Forget remorse over Sunil Grover's exit, Kapil Sharma is already back to partying! Guess who'll be the star performer at IPL opening ceremony this year! Parineeti Chopra FORCES team Golmaal to watch #MaanaKeHumYaarNahin 10 times. Their reaction is PRICELESS! Money Ford announces USD 1.2 bn investment in US auto plants CAG report underlines time and cost overrun of Raj power plant US STOCKS-Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Lok Sabha to take up GST Bill for discussion tomorrow Warendra Sinha takes charge as MD & CEO of IFFCO-Tokio GI Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12394754 Home 12394946 Live Newscast Live Events MercerMess Doppler Radar 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Ski Report School Closings 12394790 News Local News Jesse Jones KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Seattle Anti-Freeze 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12395018 Jesse Jones 502645372 NCAA 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 TV Schedule Contact Us Advertise With Us KIRO 7 Cares Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle Secure Medicine Return Summer Internship Program Housing Sports Profiles More Iran strikes back at US with 'reciprocal' sanctions by: NASSER KARIMI, Associated Press Updated: Mar 26, 2017 - 10:14 AM Twtter TEHRAN, Iran (AP) - Iran on Sunday sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating. Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comment Sunday. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. and United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber "Desert Eagle" pistols - a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Sunday's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. ___ Associated Press writers Jon Gambrell and Adam Schreck in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Iran strikes back at US with 'reciprocal' sanctions Amnesty: US-led coalition not protecting Mosul civilians Commander says US may have played role in Mosul deaths Unfriendly fire: US strikes that have killed civilians US researchers: Images hint NKorea may be readying nuke test News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 28th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Iran strikes back at US with ‘reciprocal’ sanctions Poll Do you think the Keystone XL pipeline approved by Donald Trump will ever be completed? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Nasser Karimi, The Associated Press on March 26, 2017. TEHRAN, Iran – Iran on Sunday sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel’s occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren’t immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company’s assets in Iran could be seized. “The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime’s terrorist activities and Israel’s development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil,” the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a “reciprocal act,” without elaborating. Iran’s new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comment Sunday. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. and United Technologies Corp. Denver’s Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armoured products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armoured vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defence Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-calibre Magnum and .50-calibre “Desert Eagle” pistols – a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran’s Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament’s national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani’s administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Sunday’s sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. ___ Associated Press writers Jon Gambrell and Adam Schreck in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
AP News: HOME | US | WORLD | BUSINESS | FINANCE | TECHNOLOGY | SPORTS | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | SCIENCE | WASHINGTON | STRANGE Search AP News: Mar 26, 1:14 PM EDT Iran strikes back at US with 'reciprocal' sanctions By NASSER KARIMI Associated Press Interactives Iran's power structure Iran's recent political history Depth of Field: Covering the Iran elections Protesters in Iran challenge police Iran elections Iran's protests: Then and now Latest Iran News More Iranians seeking to run in municipal elections in May Iran strikes back at US with 'reciprocal' sanctions Family of missing ex-FBI agent files lawsuit against Iran Third Airbus plane purchased by Iran lands in Tehran Iran says renewing UN special rapporteur mandate 'spiteful' PHOTO GALLERY Latest Iran Photos Latest News Serbia: Putin agrees large weapons delivery to Balkans Jailing in Russia of Navalny staff 'attempt to disrupt' NATO, Russia ambassadors to meet to resolve differences EU court rules Russia sanctions over Ukraine are valid Iran's president to meet with Putin; economic ties on agenda TEHRAN, Iran (AP) -- Iran on Sunday sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating. Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comment Sunday. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. and United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber "Desert Eagle" pistols - a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Sunday's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. --- Associated Press writers Jon Gambrell and Adam Schreck in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, March 28, 2017 11:59 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money American Air in negotiations to purchase stake in China Southern Sunday March 26, 2017 10:35 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Johnny Depp to star as John McAfee in ‘King of the Jungle’ The Edit: Hollande presents Michelle Yeoh with third award PKR: Wan Azizah may leave hospital soon, illness nothing serious The Edit: Noble son or killer? China court case prompts debate Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A China Southern Airline passenger plane lands at a newly-built airport during a test flight in Yongshu Reef island, also known as Fiery Cross Reef, South China Sea, January 6, 2016. —Xinhua/Zha Chunming/Reuters picBEIJING, March 26 — American Airlines Group Inc, the world’s largest carrier, is in talks to acquire a stake in China Southern Airlines Co, according to a statement by Asia’s biggest carrier by passengers. The negotiations are over “a possible major strategic cooperation with American Airlines Inc involving, among others, proposed issue of shares of the company and other business cooperation,” the Guangzhou-based operator said in a stock exchange filing today. Shares of China Southern will resume trading in Hong Kong tomorrow. They have been suspended since March 23, after Bloomberg News reported that Fort Worth, Texas-based American will likely make an investment of about US$200 million (RM885 million) in China Southern’s Hong Kong-listed shares through a private placement. American would nominate an observer without voting rights to the Chinese company’s board, according to people familiar with the matter. The companies haven’t reached a binding or definitive agreement, and the cooperation may or may not proceed, China Southern said in its statement. For American a deal would strengthen its presence in the Chinese market after rival Delta Air Lines Inc. acquired a minority stake in China Eastern Airlines Corp in 2015. China Southern would be the last of the nation’s top three airlines to bring in a non-mainland Chinese strategic investor. Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd, which is based in Hong Kong, owns about 18 per cent of flag carrier Air China Ltd. Adding routes An agreement will help boost the expansion plans of China Southern, which indicated in January that it was considering bringing in strategic investors. The carrier has been adding routes to Australia, New Zealand and countries in Southeast Asia as it competes with China Eastern and Air China. A tie-up will increase China Southern’s visibility in the US, said Will Horton, a senior analyst at the CAPA Centre for Aviation in Hong Kong. “China Southern may be the largest airline in Asia but it’s relatively unknown in the US,” Horton said. “US consumer mindset changes if American is putting cash in: China Southern isn’t just another airline or partner, it’s a carrier American believes in.” China Southern and its subsidiaries have ordered more than US$15 billion of new aircraft from Boeing Co and Airbus Group SE since 2015 as more people fly in the world’s most populous nation. The International Air Transport Association predicts China will surpass the US to become the world’s biggest air travel market in terms of passengers by 2024. Any stake sale by China Southern may be part of the government’s efforts to diversify ownership of state-controlled enterprises. Authorities in Beijing have urged firms in industries including power, energy, defence and aviation to take measures this year to broaden ownership. China Southern, Delta and China Eastern are members of the SkyTeam global airline alliance. American is in the competing Oneworld group, which doesn’t have a mainland China-based partner. Such alliances make it easier for passengers to fly around the world by combining schedules through one carrier and allowing travellers to accrue and use frequent-flier miles across airlines. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Najib: Peugeot, Proton in talks on possible partnership Lufthansa warns Brexit to hit UK airlines as EU gets tough Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Nothing in this region comes close to Pengerang Jack Ma: DFTZ will be a Malaysian-run business Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles American Airlines to buy stake in China carrier, report says American Airlines unveils ‘basic economy’ fare US clears Alaska Air takeover of Virgin America US airlines resume direct flights to Havana (VIDEO) New airport delay solution needed, says airline CEO (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video and Photo AP Wire Nation and World Northwest Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Outdoors Babe Ruth Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business and Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for sale Houses for rent Cars Place a classified Advertising Connections Best of Mt.Ashland e-Edition Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition Subscribe Calendar Jobs Housing   Toggle navigation 31° News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Law Enforcement Schools Video & Photo Associated Press National Northwest Oregon Outdoors Wildfires Xtreme Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries View today's obituaries View all obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest Commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Multimedia Mt. Ashland Live Cam Klamath Countdown Galleries Videos Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business & Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation KU Magazine Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for Sale Houses for Rent Cars Service Directory Place a Classifieds Local Legal Notices Oregon Legal Notices Website Advertising Best of XtremeOregon Close Klamath County Museum photo rock rubble wall on east forebay, constructed c. 1924, Link River Dam. scanned from post card purchased on eBay, December 2009 Post card on file at Klamath County Museum featured top story Looking back: This week in Klamath Basin history By JACKIE BONNER Klamath County Museum Mar 26, 2017 (…) × Tired of seeing surveys on articles? If you are a subscriber, simply log in or Subscribe now! Klamath County Museum photo rock rubble wall on east forebay, constructed c. 1924, Link River Dam. scanned from post card purchased on eBay, December 2009 Post card on file at Klamath County Museum March 26-April 1 1937 Killed in what Sheriff John Sharp said today was the climax of a newspaper feud, Claude L. McCracken, 46-year-old editor, reported the story of his own shooting as his last act. Harry French, 30-year-old state employee and son of Alturas’ rival newspaper publisher, surrendered voluntarily after McCracken was shot down in his own home last light. McCracken was carried to a hospital where his wife was the nurse assigned to care for him. There he wrote “30” to his newspaper career by dictating a telegram carrying the first report of the gunplay to the Associated Press bureau in San Francisco. It read: Tonight about six-thirty Harry French shot Claude L. McCracken, editor of the Modoc Mail, with an automatic pistol. Condition of McCracken serious. “Signed McCracken.” Two hours later he died. A good reporter to the last. McCracken was publisher of the mimeographed Modoc Daily Mail, which appears five times weekly. French was the son of Bard French, publisher of the long established Alturas Weekly Plain Dealer. “The papers have been battling back and forth on every issue that has come up, Sheriff Sharp said. I think the shooting was due to hard feelings aroused by this rivalry.” × Advertisement 1977 They flew fighter planes and bombers, wore military uniforms and several lost their lives, but they have not been able to obtain veterans’ benefits. These women were the WASPs (Women’s Airforce Service Pilots) who ferried thousands of new planes from factories to battlefront — embarkation points from 1942 until the end of 1944. The WASPs were never militarized even though they performed military duties 24 hours a day. Now they are asking for militarization, primarily so they can obtain veterans’ hospitalization benefits along with the normal retinue of veterans’ benefits. The WASPs are beginning an intensive national lobbying effort for Senate Bill 247 and House Bill 3321 that would provide full militarization rights. Col. Bruce Arnold, son of Gen. “Hap” Arnold who was commanding general of the Army Air forces in 1944, is coordinating the lobbying effort in Washington, D.C. Mrs. Julian (Peggie) Eccles, Klamath Falls, one of the WASP pilots, is in charge of the effort in 11 western and Midwestern states and plans to send petitions, mail-grams and other notices to Washington from April until May when the bills will be heard. Few WASPs are still alive, said Eccles, who was one of only three female pilots certified to fly the four-engine Boeing Superfortress B-29. 1997 Someday, visitors to the Running Y Ranch Resort west of Klamath Falls will have to count houses to find 12057 Merganser Road, but not yet. For now, it’s easy to find. It is the only house under construction — as of Monday — in the destination resort community. Eddie Wilcher of Wilcher Construction began work on the first home at the Running Y in mid-March and expects to complete it by mid-summer. It will list for around $290,000 through the Running Y sales office, he said. Although it’s located away from urban population centers, Running Y residents won’t lack for public services. Water, off-site sewer, power, gas and cable TV are all in the works and all will be underground to avoid cluttering the natural setting. A strict set of covenants, codes and restrictions regulates everything from roof pitch to color selection for the homes to be built on oversized lots. The development permit for the 3,600-acre resort will allow eventual construction of 900 homes, 350 condominiums and a 250-room hotel complex. It is being developed around a golf course designed by Arnold Palmer. 2007 Beautifying the city is catching on — and the fairgrounds is just “bubbling over,” about it, with a new water feature at its entrance. Water cascades over stacked layers of ledgerstone, a type of shale, down two small waterfalls and onto smooth river rocks, until finally disappearing into the ground to be sent back to the top by a pump. Jerry Golden, manager of the Klamath County Fairgrounds, couldn’t be happier about how this feature has added to the attractiveness of the entrance. Particularly, Golden is appreciative of the fact that all the materials and labor were donated by local businesses. Klamath Postcard No. 170 — Flowline forebay A new rock wall built to contain a forebay along Link River is seen in this postcard photo, probably taken shortly after the wall was completed in 1924. The structure was constructed immediately below Link River Dam. Water contained in the reservoir fed into a 3,000-foot-long wooden flowline that led to a power plant. The reservoir, flowline and power plant still exist, though the system has not operated commercially for several years. A small operations building on the west side of the river is seen in this photo. Riverside School is seen on the horizon at far left. The view is toward the south in this photo. This photo was taken by the Stinson Studio in Klamath Falls, and sold at Underwood's Pharmacy on Main Street. About this series: Klamath Postcards is a weekly H&N series in partnership with the Klamath County Museum featuring historic photos from the museum’s collection. Visit the museum’s Klamath Postcard page at klamathpostcards.org to view other post cards in this series. Tags Photo Building Industry Air Force Flowline Reservoir Military Structure Rock Post Card Claude L. Mccracken Jerry Golden Arnold Palmer Bruce Arnold Company Harry French Effort Pump Benefit Lobbying Trending Suspected meth dealer facing charges Homicide suspect unfit for trial Let there be light: German scientists test 'artificial sun' Kingsley secure if F-15 phased out, say officials Klamath man arrested for impersonating cop Newsletter Signup Sign up today, or manage your subscriptions, to one of our great newsletters: Aggie Sports Breaking News Daily Headlines and much more! Get your e-Newsletters Video Highlights Video LNG pipeline protests at Klamath open house 3-24-2017 20 hrs ago An open house was held at OIT regarding new plans for a natural gas LNG pipeline that would stretch from Malin to Coos Bay for transport to international markets. During the open house protestors collected outside of the Mt. Manama Room to express their dissent to the pipeline's construction. Irish Days: Outhouse Races 3-18-2017 21 hrs ago Irish Days: Outhouse Races 3-18-2017 21 hrs ago Walden statement on health care reform Mar 24, 2017 Walden statement on health care reform Mar 24, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, March 24, 2017 Mar 24, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, March 24, 2017 Mar 24, 2017 Lakeview's ShamWalk/Run 3-18-2017 Mar 23, 2017 Lakeview's ShamWalk/Run 3-18-2017 Mar 23, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, March 17, 2017 Mar 17, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, March 17, 2017 Mar 17, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, March 10, 2017 Mar 10, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, March 10, 2017 Mar 10, 2017 MaxRead Businesses Klamath-Spine-Rehab Premier Care Dental EcoSolar and Electric Trending now Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Suspected meth dealer facing charges Homicide suspect unfit for trial Woman receives probation for relationship with student Let there be light: German scientists test 'artificial sun' Judge: 'That is not self-defense' Drawing a line for a smoke-free downtown Kingsley secure if F-15 phased out, say officials Klamath man arrested for impersonating cop The wait is almost over Museum history program focuses on Klamath women Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Local Survey Should smoking be banned in the downtown corridor? The Klamath Falls city council may take up an ordinance to prohibit smoking along Main Street and one block east and west of Main Street. What are your thoughts. Email us at news@heraldandnews.com You voted: Yes No Not enough information No opnion Vote View Results Back Herald and News 2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR 97603 541-885-4410 (Main) 541-885-4420 (After hours or complaints) news@heraldandnews.com About Contact Submissions News Sports Calendar Outdoors Limelighter Multimedia Editorials Special Sections Get in touch with the Herald and News Common Submissions Submit News Send a Letter to the Editor Submit a Sports Tip Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event New or changed business All submissions Circulation Pay a bill Vacation stop/restart Change of address Delivery complaints Advertising Display & Digital Advertising Place a Classified Ad Submit Announcements Aniversaries, Engagements and Weddings Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News © Copyright 2017 Herald and News, PO Box 788 (zip 97601)2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
GO! Toggle navigation Money Banking & finance Economy Markets SMEs Insurance Other Energy Oil & Gas Power Green living Real Estate Residential Commercial Infrastructure Other Technology Gadgets Telecom IT Innovation Travel Transportation Media Digital Broadcast Print Advertising & PR Other Jobs Aficionado Lifestyle Arts & Culture Iconic GO! Home  >  Transportation  >  Post-sanctions deals: Third Airbus plane arrives in Iran AMEinfo EXPERTS Marketing guru by Hussein M. Dajani hug digital Talking Tech by Faisal Al Bannai DarkMatter VIEW ALL EXPERTS Post-sanctions deals: Third Airbus plane arrives in Iran March 26, 2017 10:43 am The long-haul Airbus A330-200 landed at Tehran’s Mehrabad airport on Saturday An Airbus A330 airliner arrived in Tehran on Saturday, the third of 200 Western-built passenger aircraft ordered by IranAir following the lifting of sanctions on Iran last year. The long-haul A330-200 landed at Tehran’s Mehrabad airport, the official news agency IRNA reported, as flag-carrier IranAir tries to renew its decaying fleet. The aircraft joins another A330 and a smaller A321 delivered to Iran earlier this year by Airbus. Airbus was not immediately available for comment. Iran’s pragmatist president Hassan Rouhani’s success in ending international sanctions by reaching a deal with world powers has also intensified tensions ahead of May presidential elections with hardliners, who have criticised the deal for a lack of tangible economic benefits since sanctions were lifted. Iran has ordered 100 airliners from European planemaker Airbus and 80 from Boeing and is in talks to finalise a deal to buy 20 turboprop aircraft from ATR, jointly owned by Airbus and Italy’s Leonardo Finmeccanica. Top business stories you missed last week   The country has not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, the one exception being the sale of an Airbus to replace one shot down by the U.S. Navy in 1988. Uncertainty remains over the timing of the rest of the orders as banks shy away from deals with Iran, fearing a “snapback” of international sanctions or U.S. fines if they are deemed to be breaking U.S. sanctions that remain in force.   London attack: 5 shocking ways terrorism affects economies   Tags: By Reuters A division of Thomson Reuters, Reuters is an international news agency headquartered in London, England, and provides up-to-the-minute news and views on global and regional events. AMEinfo EXPERTS Talking Tech by Faisal Al Bannai DarkMatter by Naseem Javed Mentorian Worldwide VIEW ALL EXPERTS Toggle navigation Money Energy Real Estate Technology Travel Transportation Media Jobs Aficionado Contact About AMEinfo.com Advertising Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Featured Site Site Map © 1996-2017 Mediaquest FZ LLC, A media and entertainment company Middle East main office | info@mediaquestcorp.com © 2017 Dubai Business | AMEinfo. All rights reserved. Mediaquest titles ameinfo.com marieclairearabia.com haya-online.com saneoualhadath.com buro247.com/me trendsmena.com aficionadome.com communicateonline.me gulfmarketingreview.com donyaimraa.com luxurymena.com 2017 Mediaquest Corp. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without written permission from Mediaquest Corp. is prohibited. s
Tuesday, March 28, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Raiders/NFL Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball NCAA Basketball MMA/UFC NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Golf Shriners Open Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Jobs at the RJ Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » Business Poker tables keep...GameCo, a video game...     Posted March 25, 2017 - 9:49pm Review-Journal readers share their vanity plates Review-Journal readers share their vanity plates (Las Vegas Review-Journal) SOME STANDOUT PLACES FROM AROUND THE VALLEY — NOCHEEZ — CHURCH — YALLA — BIGGUY — POOLGUY — STRMTPR (Storm trooper, villains from the "Star Wars" franchise) — KITSCH — KHUTZPA — BATMAN — THENUTS — ORNGJCE — WWJD4US (What would Jesus do for us) — BOMHAIR — ESTEEM — WERNUTZ — LINEMKR — OHHHGOD — BUDLITE By Wade Tyler Millward Las Vegas Review-Journal When Douglas Murphy decided to buy a vanity license plate in 1982, he hit a snag generations in the making. The Murphy family name proved too common for a simple plate. He spent weeks having a state employee friend run different combinations of his name through a computer to see what hadn’t been taken. He eventually settled on the plate he has to this day, AKAMURPH (also known as Murph). Murphy has earned praise for his plate over the decades. Valet parkers at one of his regular restaurants have taken to calling him “AKA.” “It was well worth it,” he said. “I would never sell it or even turn it in.” Murphy owns one of the tens of thousands of vanity plates on Nevada’s roads. He and other readers reached out to the Review-Journal to share their stories after the newspaper published findings that Nevada consistently ranks No. 3 among percent of cars with vanity plates on the road. The ranking was based on about 30 states that self-reported the number of vanity plates on its roads. About one in 10 cars on Nevada’s road has a state plate with a custom message on it. A reader who declined to give a name sent in photos of vanity plates for ATOM and B52H. The Air Force veteran said the plates come from days spent around Boeing B-52H bombers that carried atom bombs. Some who see the license plates assume the reader was involved in the bomb tests held in Nevada. Marco Velotta, son of Review-Journal reporter Rick Velotta, sent in a photo of his plate UOFNV (University of Nevada). The graduate has had the plate for about six years. He said he was shocked it wasn’t taken. Velotta was part of the Pride of the Sierra Marching Band, regularly attended games against rival UNLV and continues to work professionally with faculty members. Sometimes, future students and interested parents will come up to him to ask about life at University of Nevada. “It’s a conversation starter,” he said. “I’m always glad to share my experience on campus.” Contact Wade Tyler Millward at wmillward@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-4602. Follow @wademillward on Twitter. Poker tables keep...GameCo, a video game...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular Oakland Raiders get NFL’s approval to move to Las Vegas Suspect charged, victim identified in Las Vegas Strip bus shooting Don’t buy those Las Vegas Raiders season tickets just yet — VIDEO Upcoming Raiders vote could forever change Las Vegas tourism landscape 1 arrested after Saturday burglary at Bellagio jewelry store Columnists Features KATS! Raiders move means anything is possible in Vegas   Paul Harasim Mentally challenged man learns that not everyone is his friend   Victor Joecks 3 things to watch for on Legislative Session Day 50   Victor Joecks Yucca’s what happens when feds own your state   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR TUE 28 WED 29 THU 30 FRI 31 SAT 1 SUN 2 MON 3 A All Week   Loading... Search     Tweets from https://twitter.com/reviewjournal/lists/rj-business   Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  WMD ::  Library ::  News ::  India ::  2017 ::  March ::  SITREP Military WMD Menu                            Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) Further Reading After Almost 30 Years in Service, Indian Navy Tupolevs to Retire Sputnik News In-Depth Coverage 10:19 25.03.2017 The Indian Navy's three Tupolev Tu-142M aircraft will be decommissioned on March 29. The aircraft will be converted into a museum in collaboration with an Indian state. New Delhi (Sputnik) – The navy had already begun gradually phasing out the Tupolevs, nicknamed Albatross, which were key in anti-submarine warfare and maritime patrol roles. "The workhorse of the Indian Navy, mainstay of maritime reconnaissance and anti-submarine warfare for almost 30 years, Tu-142M aircraft to retire in a week," announced the Indian Navy. The 49.5-meter-long craft with a 50-meter wingspan also served in photographic and radio reconnaissance missions. "Tu-142M is the fastest turboprop aircraft in the world. Many fighters found it difficult to intercept this machine at high altitude. Tupolevs have been the Eye in the Sky of the Indian Navy for the past 30 yrs providing critical real time inputs for maritime operations," said the Indian Navy. Only three aircraft are in service as the Navy had started the gradual phasing out with the induction of eight P8I multi-mission aircraft. Boeing will begin deliveries of four other P8Is in 2020. The Indian Navy had upgraded Tu-142M aircraft during 2006-10. The aircraft is armed with weapons like the Kh-35 anti-ship missile, self-guided missiles, torpedoes, depth charges and twin AM-23 automatic cannon. The Indian Navy and the south Indian state of Andhra Pradesh have decided to convert the aircraft into a museum at a cost of US$ 0.75 million. © Sputnik NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Twilight Zone Awaits EU's Vestager on Trip to Trump’s U.S. by Aoife White @aoifewhite101 More stories by Aoife White March 25, 2017, 8:00 PM EDT March 27, 2017, 7:43 AM EDT Antitrust czar lacks U.S. counterparts on trip to Washington EU official’s tough enforcement of U.S. companies risks fury EU's Margrethe Vestager on Facebook Probe, Google Cases Margrethe Vestager, the European Union’s antitrust czar, makes her first visit to President Donald Trump’s America next week, amid criticism she’s unfairly targeting some of the U.S.’s biggest companies ranging from Google to McDonald’s Corp. But rather than find herself the target of one of the president’s sharply worded tweets, the combative Dane, who last year slapped a 13 billion-euro ($14 billion) tax order on Apple Inc., is more likely to find herself in an antitrust twilight zone because Trump, who’s vowed to put America first, has yet to appoint top-level competition officials. Margrethe Vestager Photographer: Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg Vestager told reporters last week she’s still in the dark about how many officials at the U.S. Justice Department or the Federal Trade Commission she’d see during her short U.S. trip. Such meetings are a usual part of a careful co-operation between the U.S. and the EU as officials try to align deadlines for merger reviews and coordinate global cartel raids. Her visit comes months after she disregarded calls from the then President Barack Obama’s U.S. Treasury to avoid slapping Apple for its tax arrangements. While the EU and the U.S. antitrust authorities have often worked closely together, including to oppose a $28 billion oil-services merger last year, they’ve also clashed in the past on whether deals should be cleared or blocked. Nicolas Veron, a researcher at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said Europe is up against a potentially “destructive U.S. administration that’s willing to question very long standing positions of the U.S. government.” European regulators like Vestager must proceed with "extreme caution" in how to handle their opposite numbers in the U.S. Brussels ‘Hellhole’ The new U.S. administration has also undermined aspects of the trans-Atlantic relationship, with Trump having questioned the U.S. commitment to NATO, predicted other countries would follow the U.K. out of the bloc and even called Europe’s de facto capital, Brussels, a hellhole. Vestager also faces a White House that’s pledged to tear down regulations in a bid to promote more business activity. The former Danish economy minister will speak to almost 3,000 lawyers and officials at the American Bar Association, a key event in the antitrust world. She’s scheduled to speak at the event’s March 31  roundtable alongside the U.S. Justice Department’s assistant attorney general for antitrust, a position that hasn’t yet been filled. “It’s so early days that if they are confirmed by the time I get there it’s too early for us to meet,” she said on Wednesday. Her office said Friday that no meetings had yet been confirmed for her. Trump’s Pick The Justice Department’s antitrust division and the FTC, which share antitrust jurisdiction in the U.S., are both being run by temporary leaders until Trump names permanent replacements. Makan Delrahim, a former Justice Department lawyer now at the White House, is Trump’s pick to run the antitrust division, according to people familiar with the matter. Delrahim’s nomination requires Senate approval before he can step into the job. Antitrust, a policy spearheaded by the U.S. to rein in 19th century railroad and banking monopolies, is championed enthusiastically by the Brussels-based European Commission. Vestager said she works to keep markets open and to foster competition, basing her decisions on evidence and the law. This could see some conflict with a U.S. administration that is determined to favor American business over foreigners. “There are embers that are there that are glowing,” said Bill Kovacic, a professor at Georgetown Law and a former FTC Commissioner, of the EU-U.S. antitrust relationship. “There’s an unhappy recent track record of playing with fire in that area.” ‘Very Hostile’ The U.S. Treasury’s paper on the EU’s Apple case, sent by the previous administration, was “a very hostile memo. It was not so politely saying ‘you don’t know what you’re talking about, you can’t even do your own job properly,”’ he said. Aside from Apple, Vestager is spearheading a number of probes into American companies, including three at an advanced stage for Google, two for Qualcomm Inc. and one for Mastercard Inc. She’s weighing a complaint from airlines over aftermarket contracts from Boeing Co. and Airbus SE and investigating possible cartels between global banks over financial benchmarks, including in foreign exchange markets. U.S. Companies The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The EU’s controversial investigations into tax rulings granted by European companies have overwhelmingly hit U.S. companies, with back-tax orders already issued to Apple and Starbucks Corp., with probes into Amazon.com Inc. and McDonald’s underway. EU officials argue that these tax structures are mostly used by multinationals, many of which are American, and that they are also probing two European firms. Still, Vestager seems to have avoided harsh enforcement for U.S. companies in recent months. She’s focused on fining European and Asian airlines, car-part manufacturers and car battery recyclers. The one American target under investigation that she’s moved on has been Amazon, which is working on a settlement that would allow it avoid fines. She approved a mega-merger between U.S. agricultural chemical giants Dow Chemical Co. and DuPont Co. on Monday after wresting tough concessions to overcome EU concerns that the deal could have harmed innovation. The EU had "very close contact with the case team of the Department of Justice all along to compare notes on this case," she said. Vestager insists that she’s neutral and that she doesn’t see “that the flag or the nationality of the company plays a role,” she told Bloomberg TV earlier this month. Even if the U.S. doesn’t take issue with EU antitrust enforcement, a cooling of what was once a close relationship might hold back regulators’ work. EU merger officials work closely and even rely on U.S. counterparts to examine how companies work and build cases on how a deal might be harmful. The EU’s handful of people working the Halliburton Co.-Baker Hughes Inc. merger probe was outnumbered by nearly two dozen U.S. officials. EU regulators "very much appreciate the concrete cooperation we have on a case-by-case basis" with the U.S. and "work very closely with U.S. teams on mergers," Vestager said in the interview. "That working relationship is very precious to us." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval Risk Rout Eases as U.S. Stocks, Dollar Trim Losses: Markets Wrap Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Latest News Dow 20,710 +159.09 +0.77% Nasdaq 5,877 +36.84 +0.63% S&P 500 2,360 +17.91 +0.76% 3:38 P.M. ET Stock-picking fund managers double down on economic growth 3:30 P.M. ET Updated Dollar turns higher as consumer-confidence reading boosts stocks 3:29 P.M. ET Updated Qualifications: Fluent in English, excellent writing skills, ability to wallow in luxury 3:27 P.M. ET Updated As Senator McCaskill probes marketing of opioids, fatal overdoses spike among white, middle-aged men 3:21 P.M. ET Updated ‘Made in the USA’ was only No. 10 in this ranking of national labels 3:17 P.M. ET Updated Oil ends at 1-week high on Libya output disruptions 3:06 P.M. ET Updated Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid 3:03 P.M. ET Updated Fed’s Fischer forecasts two more interest rate hikes this year 3:02 P.M. ET Updated The Trump-inspired ‘reflation trade’ just suffered a major setback 3:02 P.M. ET Updated Daily Mail gets slammed for sexist front page, tells readers to ‘get a life’ 2:59 P.M. ET Updated Why investors aren’t more excited about Regeneron’s new $37,000-a-year drug 2:56 P.M. ET With low yields abroad, investors hunt for international dividend funds 2:50 P.M. ET Updated Oil prices end at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 2:44 P.M. ET WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Dow up 174 points, or 0.9%, to 20,727 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500 rises 20 points, or 0.9%, to 2,362 2:43 P.M. ET Breaking Stocks accelerate gains in afternoon trade 2:43 P.M. ET Chesapeake Energy's stock rallies on heavy volume after bullish note from Wunderlich analyst Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Close Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Press Release Air China's 2017 summer/autumn schedule released; hub-based network layout shored up By Published: Mar 27, 2017 1:05 a.m. ET Share BEIJING, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Air China's summer/autumn flight schedule has become effective from March 26, 2017. The new schedule features 395 passenger routes, including 102 international routes, 14 regional routes and 279 domestic routes, serving 180 cities in 39 countries (regions), including 64 international cities, 3 regional cities and 113 domestic cities. Air China offers over 8500 flights and over 1.66 million seats per week. Utilizing its extensive route network and its hub in Beijing, especially after its admission to the Star Alliance, Air China can fly passengers to 1,330 airports in 193 countries. Newly started routes include Shanghai - Barcelona, Beijing - Astana (capital of Kazakhstan) and Beijing - Zurich. In 2017, Air China will continue to expand its global route network with its hub in Beijing, operating flights to all the six continents including Asia, Europe, North America, South America, Africa and Oceania, with emphasis placed on key cities. During the period of the summer/autumn schedule, Air China will start Shanghai - Barcelona, Beijing – Astana and Beijing – Zurich services. On May 5, the three times weekly Shanghai - Barcelona service will be started and operated with A330-200; on June 1, the three times weekly Beijing - Astana service will be started and operated with A320; on June 7, the four times weekly Beijing - Zurich service will be started and operated with A330-200. These new routes will be the new bridges in the air linking China to Central Asia and Europe, and will also facilitate the economic exchanges between China and the countries along the "One Belt, One Road", promoting the development of cooperation between China and more countries in the fields of economy, trade, tourism and culture. The frequency of flights to Americas and Europe will be increased. During the period of the summer/autumn schedule, Air China will increase the capacity on more than 10 international routes, especially on routes to America and Europe. In the period of spring and summer, Chinese travelers to the America and Europe will keep on increasing. In response, Air China will tremendously increase the frequency of flights on routes to Americas like Beijing - Houston, Beijing - New York, Beijing – Los Angeles, Beijing - Washington, Beijing – Vancouver and Beijing – Montreal, and also on routes to Europe like Beijing - Minsk- Budapest, Beijing - Warsaw, Beijing - Vienna - Barcelona, Beijing - Munich - Athens, Beijing - Moscow, Beijing - Paris, Beijing - Stockholm, Beijing - Milan, Beijing – Madrid- Sao Paulo, Shanghai Pudong - Paris, Shanghai Pudong - Frankfurt, Shanghai Pudong- Milan, Lanzhou-Chengdu – Frankfurt and Chengdu – Paris, meeting the demand of the passengers for travel. In addition to routes to America and Europe, flight frequency will also be increased on Asia routes like Beijing - Dalian - Hiroshima, Chengdu - Lhasa – Kathmandu and Chengdu – Hong Kong The schedule of Beijing - Taipei's flight CA189/90 will be changed from Monday/Wednesday/Friday/Sunday to Monday/Tuesday/Thursday/Saturday. The frequency of flights to the western regions of China is increased. While further cementing its international route network, Air China has also been improving its domestic route network on a continuous basis. In this period of the summer/autumn schedule, flight frequency will also be increased on domestic routes departing from Beijing, especially Beijing - Korla, Beijing - Urumqi, Beijing - Urumqi - Akesu, Beijing - Zunyi, Beijing – Liupanshui and Beijing - Xichang. At the same time, flight frequency on routes to the eastern and southern regions of China will also be increased like Beijing - Xiamen, Beijing - Hangzhou, Beijing – Shiyan and Beijing – Zhangjiajie as well as to the northern regions of China like Beijing - Linfen, Beijing - Tonghua, Beijing - Wulanchabu, Beijing – Jiamusi and Beijing - Qingdao. The 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft will be operated on Beijing - Madrid – Sao Paulo route. In this period of the summer/autumn schedule, Air China will use Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft on its Beijing - Madrid – Sao Paulo route and Beijing - Shenzhen route, bringing a more comfortable travel experience for passengers. Air China is also using the Boeing 787-9 aircraft on its Beijing - Shanghai, Beijing - Guangzhou, Beijing - Chengdu, Beijing - Rome, Beijing – Los Angeles and Beijing – Auckland routes. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/air-chinas-2017-summerautumn-schedule-released-hub-based-network-layout-shored-up-300429510.html SOURCE Air China Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The Nintendo Switch launch, in many charts The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid How 4D mapping could change the way we live and work MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Modern technology for man’s best friends View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Moneyish This is when taking an Uber to work can actually save you money View More Financial News The grumpy Englishmen bringing transparency to global FX View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Live Video: Watch Richard Branson’s excellent entrepreneurial adventure in Seattle How 1,200 volunteers on Slack are saving democracy, one data set at a time GeekWire Calendar Picks: Meet the VC who ditched the Bay Area for Seattle; Feature Friday gets a new name; and more BMW’s ReachNow car-sharing service launches new ‘Corporate Fleet’ at Seattle office tower Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service ‘Uber for car repair’ startup Wrench raises $4M for peer-to-peer marketplace Amazon wins bidding for Souq.com, announces deal to acquire Middle East e-commerce giant Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Paul Allen’s airplane showcase expands, rebrands as Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Former Clinton advisor on why the U.S. needs to promote entrepreneurship in developing countries Emoji update to include 69 new images: breastfeeding woman, zombie, steak and more How this legal software startup used its funding round to support legal aid under Trump budget cuts Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon keeps adding pop-up stores in malls across U.S. as it expands physical presence 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Twitter starts using IBM’s Watson technology to help identify bullies who tweet Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks Reports point to caution signals for Amazon Go checkout-free store 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Jump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports SpaceX’s Elon Musk isn’t smiling over NASA authorization for Mars missions Adobe unveils new Microsoft HoloLens and Amazon Alexa integrations Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut The secret science of your office space: How architects are using neuroscience to make workers healthier and more productive Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Starbucks teams up with Ford and Amazon to allow in-car orders via Alexa Microsoft outage: Office 365, Xbox Live, Outlook, and more suffer account sign-in issues Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Trending: Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner by Todd Bishop on March 25, 2017 at 10:11 amMarch 27, 2017 at 4:58 am Comments  1 Share  99 Tweet Share  36 Reddit Email Early-bird tix on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Paul Gilbert with the original computer that he built for Traf-O-Data, the company that Bill Gates and Paul Allen started before they founded Microsoft. (Photo Courtesy George Sammit) Microsoft is one of the most successful and influential companies in the world, but did you know that Bill Gates and Paul Allen launched an earlier venture as high school students in Seattle? It was called Traf-O-Data, a startup in the 1970s that developed a computer system to count traffic.  If it hadn’t been for our Traf-O-Data venture … you could argue that Microsoft might not have happened. Their partner in Traf-O-Data was Paul Gilbert, who was a University of Washington electrical engineering student when Gates and Allen were using UW computer labs at night, to hone their programming skills and develop their new business. Gilbert, now 65, recalls seeing Gates and Allen walking down a University of Washington hallway. They asked him, “Can you build us a microcomputer?” After thinking about it, he agreed to join them, and he became a partner in the business. “I got access to the Intel information, and we bought the chip and built it from the ground up,” he recalled, speaking with GeekWire recently after Allen gave him a special shout-out from stage during an event at the UW’s newly christened Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering. Paul Allen speaks at the University of Washington on March 9, 2017. (GeekWire photo) Wrote Paul Allen in a LinkedIn post, “While Bill Gates and I handled the software side of (Traf-O-Data), the machine itself was built on campus by a UW student named Paul Gilbert, a partner Bill Gates and I recruited into our high school business venture. Paul did an amazing job turning the first 8-bit microprocessor in Seattle into a real computer.” Allen went on to explain why Traf-O-Data was such an important venture: Objectively speaking, Traf-O-Data was a failure as a company. Right as our business started to pick up, states began to provide their own traffic-counting services to local governments for free. As quickly as it started, our business model evaporated. But while Traf-O-Data was technically a business failure, the understanding of microprocessors we absorbed was crucial to our future success. And the emulator I wrote to program it gave us a huge head start over anyone else writing code at the time. If it hadn’t been for our Traf-O-Data venture, and if it hadn’t been for all that time spent on UW computers, you could argue that Microsoft might not have happened. As their first partner, Gilbert got lots of experience working with Allen and Gates in their early years. As he recalled, “Bill was just hyperactive, his foot was always shaking and he had short patience. Very, very limited patience. And Paul was so laid-back. … Paul would say, ‘Oh, it’s OK.’ We’ll get over it.’ He’d always be the companion. And I’d say, ‘At least I haven’t been kicked off the job.’ ” RELATED: A conversation with Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen: ‘It really is a golden age of what’s possible’ So did Gilbert ever think that Gates and Allen would go on to become some of the most successful technology entrepreneurs in the world? “No, in fact that whole concept of having a big clunky PC in your house that just used up room, I thought that was totally dumb,” he said. “I did not have any foresight into what was really going on. I just kinda fought it in my mind, and said, ‘Nah, this is not going to work.’ ” Gilbert went on to become a software engineer at Boeing, and today lives in Palm Bay, Fla. He got a chance to speak with Paul Allen and other tech luminaries at the recent UW event, and he was still beaming with enthusiasm after the presentation. “It’s impossible, I can’t really be standing here in this group,” he said. “I think it’s still sinking in.” ALSO READ: Years before giving UW millions, teenage Paul Allen was booted from school’s computer lab Todd Bishop is GeekWire's co-founder and editor, a longtime technology journalist who covers subjects including cloud tech, e-commerce, virtual reality, devices, apps and tech giants such as Amazon.com, Apple, Microsoft and Google. Follow him @toddbishop and email todd@geekwire.com. Comments 1 Share  99 Tweet Share  36 Reddit Email Previous StoryThis Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Next StoryWeek in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of March 19, 2017 Filed Under: Microsoft GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen makes landmark $40M gift for University of Washington computer science school Years before giving UW millions, teenage Paul Allen was booted from school’s computer lab Billionaire Paul Allen hopes his ‘ginormous’ Stratolaunch plane will fly this year Bill Gates Sr. at 90: A giant impact on technology, philanthropy and the Seattle region Previous StoryThis Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Next StoryWeek in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of March 19, 2017 Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Most Popular on GeekWire Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp Marketing ManagerAnswerDash Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Iran strikes back at US with ‘reciprocal’ sanctions Sun Mar 26th, 2017 4:55pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Nasser Karimi Associated Press TEHRAN, Iran — Iran on Sunday sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel’s occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren’t immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company’s assets in Iran could be seized. “The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime’s terrorist activities and Israel’s development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil,” the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a “reciprocal act,” without elaborating. Iran’s new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comment Sunday. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. and United Technologies Corp. Denver’s Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber “Desert Eagle” pistols — a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran’s Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament’s national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani’s administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Sunday’s sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election.   Most Read Aerospace blog Some at Boeing worry new work shifts will worsen traffic EVERETT — The Boeing Co. is streamlining its Everett factory shifts starting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Buoy line would keep motor craft in center of Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — People are invited to share their thoughts on a… Mar 27th, 2017 by Kari Bray Super Kid Maltby teen who’s been all over the world wonders what’s next EVERETT — Trevor Johnston is as well-rounded as he is high-achieving. The… Mar 27th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Tulalips honor longtime pastor at medicine wheel dedication TULALIP — The Tulalip Tribes marked the first day of spring last… Mar 27th, 2017 by Chris Winters Cedar Grove pushes bill that protects composting efforts OLYMPIA — A bill to shield composting operations from lawsuits is getting… Mar 27th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Others UK: Attacker Masood used WhatsApp's encrypted service to communicate Business Standard Iran strikes back at US with 'reciprocal' sanctions This comes after Trump sanctioned more than two dozen people, companies for a ballistic missile test AP | PTI  |  Tehran  March 27, 2017 Last Updated at 03:09 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUHZk5 Photo: Shutterstock ALSO READ Israel blacklists Palestinian fund as US envoy visits Iran to impose sanctions on 15 US companies for Israel ties Iran biggest state sponsor of terrorism: James Mattis Benjamin Netanyahu says he hopes to work with Donald Trump to undo Iran deal A visit from Modi to Israel will be important: Daniel Carmon Iran today sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the US The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating. Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comments today. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. And United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber "Desert Eagle" pistols, a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the US Military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the US Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. Has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the US Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Today's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. Read More On National News | International News | Iran | Israel | Terrorism | International | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Iran strikes back at US with 'reciprocal' sanctions This comes after Trump sanctioned more than two dozen people, companies for a ballistic missile test This comes after Trump sanctioned more than two dozen people, companies for a ballistic missile test Iran today sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the US The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating. Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comments today. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. And United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber "Desert Eagle" pistols, a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the US Military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the US Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. Has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the US Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Today's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. AP | PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Iran strikes back at US with 'reciprocal' sanctions This comes after Trump sanctioned more than two dozen people, companies for a ballistic missile test Iran today sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the US The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating. Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comments today. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. And United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber "Desert Eagle" pistols, a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the US Military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the US Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. Has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the US Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Today's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. AP | PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home World Iran strikes back at US with sanctions on firms By AFP  |   Published: 27th March 2017 12:34 AM  |   Last Updated: 27th March 2017 12:34 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email TEHRAN: Iran today sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S.      The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic.      A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas.      It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized.      "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said.      The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating.      Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test.      The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comments today.      They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. and United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list.      One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter.    Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel.    The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company.      Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber "Desert Eagle" pistols, a product line that previously has been made in Israel.      Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization.      Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers.      The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions.      In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes.      Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days.      Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since.      Today's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. O P E N Jobs Wisdom Jobs Sarkari Result Freejobalert Latest I-T department identifies 1,155 shell companies used for money laundering Uber pulls out of Denmark citing tougher cab standards US general says coalition probably had role in civilian casualties in Mosul Verdict in Chhota Rajan's fake passport case on Apr 12 Man detained with suspicious package outside White House Pakistan voices serious concerns over growing Indo-US partnership Supreme Court reserves order on pleas for ban on BS-III vehicles sale Pakistan man strangles teenage daughter for honour Gallery Cultural significance of Gudi Padwa: Maharashtra's New Year  'Fearless Girl' extends face-off with Wall Street's 'Charging Bull' arrow Videos Shraddha Kapoor, Arjun Kapoor romance in the rain for 'Half Girlfriend' Watch: Gudi Padwa celebrations in full swing arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
147686468041 Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 44° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Spring Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs NationNews Iran strikes back at U.S. with 'reciprocal' sanctions March 26, 2017 3:30 PM By The Associated Press Reprints + - Iranians walk through Tajrish bazaar in northern Tehran, Iran on Tuesday, July 19, 2016. Photo Credit: AP advertisement | advertise on newsday TEHRAN, Iran - Iran on Sunday sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. Most popular Nation stories Idaho woman: I crashed because I saw a sasquatch Kushner to lead government overhaul initiative Cops hunt Cincinnati nightclub shooting suspects Dems force 1-week delay on panel's Gorsuch vote 'Bathroom bill' to cost North Carolina $3.76B A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating. Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comment Sunday. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. and United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. One of the named companies, Israeli defense contractor Elbit, declined to comment on the matter. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armored products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armored vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defense Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. advertisement | advertise on newsday Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-caliber Magnum and .50-caliber "Desert Eagle" pistols — a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. @Newsday Tweets from @Newsday/newsday-staff Sunday's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage 10 things to know about Betsy DeVos See snowy scenes around the Northeast Trump jabs at conservatives after health care setback Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Spring Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
Iran strikes back at U.S. with 'reciprocal' sanctions | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Drug bust Red Bull heir Speeding Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Iran strikes back at U.S. with 'reciprocal' sanctions Nasser Karimi, The Associated Press Published Sunday, March 26, 2017 7:10AM EDT Last Updated Sunday, March 26, 2017 12:38PM EDT TEHRAN, Iran -- Iran on Sunday sanctioned what it described as 15 American companies, alleging they support terrorism, repression and Israel's occupation of land Palestinians want for a future state, likely in retaliation for sanctions earlier announced by the U.S. The wide-ranging list from an American real estate company to a major arms manufacturer appeared more symbolic than anything else as the firms weren't immediately known to be doing business anywhere in the Islamic Republic. A Foreign Ministry statement carried by the state-run IRNA news agency said the sanctions barred companies from any agreements with Iranian firms and that former and current directors would not be eligible for visas. It also said any of the company's assets in Iran could be seized. "The sanctioned companies have, directly and/or indirectly, been involved in the brutal atrocities committed by the Zionist regime in the occupied Palestinian territories, or they have supported the regime's terrorist activities and Israel's development of Zionist settlements on the Palestinian soil," the IRNA report said. The IRNA report referred to the sanctions as a "reciprocal act," without elaborating. Iran's new sanctions comes after the Trump administration in February sanctioned more than two dozen people and companies in retaliation for a recent ballistic missile test. The companies named did not immediately respond to requests for comment Sunday. They included ITT Corp., missile-maker Raytheon Co. and United Technologies Corp. Denver's Re/Max Holdings Inc., a real estate company, also made the list. Another firm on the list, truck maker Oshkosh, has worked closely with Israeli armoured products maker Plasan, including on the Sand Cat armoured vehicle that is used by several countries, including Israel. The Israeli Defence Ministry is reportedly seeking to buy some 200 tactical trucks from the Oshkosh, Wisconsin-based company. Kahr Arms and Magnum Research, two sanctioned firms which share the same parent company, advertise .44-calibre Magnum and .50-calibre "Desert Eagle" pistols -- a product line that previously has been made in Israel. Meanwhile, a senior Iranian lawmaker said Iran would consider a bill branding the U.S. military and the CIA as terrorist groups if the U.S. Congress passes a bill designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. Allaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, was quoted by Iranian state television as saying the move to further sanction the Revolutionary Guard goes against the 2015 nuclear deal Iran reached with the United States and other world powers. The nuclear deal saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions. In the time since, Chicago-based Boeing Co. has struck a $16.6 billion deal with Iran for passenger planes. Tehran and Washington have had no diplomatic relations since 1979, when militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy and took 52 Americans hostages for 444 days. Tensions eased slightly with the nuclear deal struck by moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration, though hard-liners have detained those with Western ties in the time since. Sunday's sanctions announcement also comes ahead of a May presidential election in which Rouhani is expected to seek re-election. Associated Press writers Jon Gambrell and Adam Schreck in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report. Related Stories Israel plans mass evacuation if war erupts again Iranians to resume hajj after 2016 boycott Airstrikes across rebel-held Syria kill and wound dozens Report Error MOST WATCHED false Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Little regard for science? Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Lift 'job-killing restrictions' Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Drake's Amsterdam fans furious Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Family filing lawsuit Air Date: March 28, 2017 false What dancers do when their flight's delayed Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Canada helps U.S. Coast Guard Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Horses cause highway havoc Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Canada helps U.S. Coast Guard Air Date: March 28, 2017 false Extended: Aftermath of massive cocaine seizure Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV Toronto: World record of most Einsteins Air Date: March 28, 2017 false CTV National News: Retracing a soldier's sacrifice Air Date: March 27, 2017 More news from Business North American stock indexes register gains, dollar up a nudge Outlook still uncertain despite positive data, says Bank of Canada's Poloz Elon Musk's latest venture: Brain-computer interfaces What makes a cyberattack? Experts lobby to restrict the term CEO of International Air Transport Association criticizes electronics device ban Cruise line stops port calls at Mexican resort of Acapulco Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Former Valeant CEO Pearson sues for owed shares, unpaid fees _ WATCH: Risk of stagflation in second half of 2017: Strategist _ WATCH: Home Capital business 'structurally flawed': Analyst _ WATCH: Paul Gardner - Top Picks CTV News Video Network false Trump signs order to reverse climate change policies false 'Jurassic Park:' Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast false HMCS Saskatoon helps in massive drug bust worth $560M false Scottish lawmakers vote for referendum false Family of Canadian filmmaker Rob Stewart filing lawsuit Most Popular Stories 1 Canadian ship involved in massive drug bust at sea 3 2 Red Bull heir enjoys jet-set life 4 years after hit-and-run 3 Edmonton man challenges 'predatory' photo radar ticket 1 4 Apple iOS update creates instant storage space 5 Health Canada issues warning about potent steroid in PureCare skin product 6 N.B. couple swamped with phone calls after rebuffing fraudster 1 7 U.K. attacker's wife 'saddened and shocked' 8 Hurricanes goalie Eddie Lack out of hospital 9 94-year-old woman honoured for 44 years working at McDonald's 1 10 Paris clashes over police killing of Chinese man; 3 injured Don't Miss false Drake fans furious over Amsterdam concert cancellations false Escaped horses cause havoc on highway near San Francisco false World record attempt for most Albert Einstein lookalikes You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Vets, animal activists urge Montreal politicians to cancel rodeo event Number of snow days in N.S. schools amounts to a crisis: expert First of two G20 police misconduct cases delayed after complainant axes lawyer WORLD Paris clashes over police killing of Chinese man; 3 injured Scottish MPs vote for new independence referendum U.K. attacker's wife 'saddened and shocked' ENTERTAINMENT From the studio to Lilith Fair: Sarah McLachlan's 'Surfacing' turns 20 Alec Baldwin 'stunned' at popularity of Trump impression Ken Burns making documentary film on Muhammad Ali HEALTH Tax breaks for infertility treatments broadened under new budget IQ benefits of breastfeeding questioned in new study New Brunswickers encouraged to take precautions as norovirus circulates POLITICS Federal plan to legalize marijuana could test provincial patience 'She's made a fool of herself': Senator stands by residential school comments Montreal likely to block Energy East pipeline, Rona Ambrose says SCI-TECH Apple iOS update creates instant storage space Samsung to sell refurbished recalled Note 7 phones Fake toons: Kids falling prey to adult parodies of popular children's shows BUSINESS North American stock indexes register gains, dollar up a nudge Outlook still uncertain despite positive data, says Bank of Canada's Poloz Elon Musk's latest venture: Brain-computer interfaces AUTOS Ford investing $1.2B in 3 Michigan plants, adding 130 jobs Uber pulls out of Denmark citing tougher cab standards Dubai cops' fleet of hypercars now includes fastest SPORTS Hurricanes goalie Eddie Lack out of hospital Brother of Mark McMorris shares photo of injured snowboarder Return date still unclear for Leafs' starting goaltender Andersen Lifestyle Mermaid toast is the newest breakfast trend to spread online Spring cleaning: Tips for tackling a messy garage 94-year-old woman honoured for 44 years working at McDonald's CTV News on the Go false Scottish MPs vote to seek new referendum Big dinosaur finds on Australian coast What dancers do when their flight's delayed In Pictures   Homes of the Month: $1 million across Canada Earth Hour 2017: Major landmarks dim the lights worldwide Vigil held for victims of deadly attacks in London Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe China Southern Rises on Talks to Sell Shares to American Air Bloomberg News March 26, 2017, 8:38 AM EDT March 27, 2017, 4:25 AM EDT No definitive agreement reached yet: China Southern filing Shares jump to seven-month high on trading resumption China Southern Confirms American Airlines Interest China Southern Airlines Co. advanced to a seven-month high after saying it is in negotiations to sell a stake to American Airlines Group Inc., the world’s biggest carrier. The negotiations are over “a possible major strategic cooperation with American Airlines Inc. involving, among others, proposed issue of shares of the company and other business cooperation,” Asia’s largest airline by passengers said in an exchange filing Sunday. The stock, which resumed trading Monday in Hong Kong, gained 0.7 percent to HK$5.49, the highest closing level since Aug. 16. Trading in the Guangzhou-based operator had been suspended since March 23 after Bloomberg News reported that Fort Worth, Texas-based American Airlines will likely make an investment of about $200 million in China Southern’s Hong Kong-listed shares through a private placement. American Airlines would nominate an observer without voting rights to the Chinese company’s board, according to people familiar with the matter. The companies haven’t reached a binding or definitive agreement, and the cooperation may or may not proceed, China Southern said in its statement. American Airlines spokeswoman Polly Tracey declined to comment. For American, a deal would strengthen its presence in the Chinese market after rival Delta Air Lines Inc. acquired a minority stake in China Eastern Airlines Corp. in 2015. China Southern would be the last of the nation’s top three airlines to bring in a non-mainland Chinese strategic investor. Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd., based in Hong Kong, owns about 18 percent of flag carrier Air China Ltd. Network Nature “All big U.S. carriers will be making deals of one kind or another with major airlines all over Asia and certainly within China,” Robert Crandall, former chairman of American, told Bloomberg Television on Monday. “These things are going to grow and because of the network nature of the airline industry, everybody is going to play and everybody needs to play.” The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up An agreement will help boost the expansion plans of China Southern, which indicated in January that it was considering bringing in strategic investors. The carrier has been adding routes to Australia, New Zealand and countries in Southeast Asia as it competes with China Eastern and Air China. A tie-up will increase China Southern’s visibility in the U.S., said Will Horton, a senior analyst at the CAPA Centre for Aviation in Hong Kong. “China Southern may be the largest airline in Asia but it’s relatively unknown in the U.S.,” Horton said. “U.S. consumer mindset changes if American is putting cash in: China Southern isn’t just another airline or partner, it’s a carrier American believes in.” Biggest Market Shares of China Southern will remain suspended in Shanghai until further notice, the carrier said separately. China Southern and its subsidiaries have ordered more than $15 billion of new aircraft from Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE since 2015 as more people fly in the world’s most populous nation. The International Air Transport Association predicts China will surpass the U.S. to become the world’s biggest air travel market in terms of passengers by 2024. Any stake sale by China Southern may be part of the government’s efforts to diversify ownership of state-controlled enterprises. Authorities in Beijing have urged firms in industries including power, energy, defense and aviation to take measures this year to broaden ownership. China Southern, Delta and  China Eastern are members of the SkyTeam global airline alliance. American is in the competing Oneworld group, which doesn’t have a mainland China-based partner. Such alliances make it easier for passengers to fly around the world by combining schedules through one carrier and allowing travelers to accrue and use frequent-flier miles across airlines. — With assistance by Dong Lyu Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval Risk Rout Eases as U.S. Stocks, Dollar Trim Losses: Markets Wrap Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
