Home News Featured News Columns Front-Page Flashback Out & About Garden Spot Outdoor Adventure Hand in Hand with Elayne Monday’s Warm Cocoa Clerk’s Corner Tech Guru Critter Chatter A Student’s View Museum Memories Matters of Faith Financial Focus Non-Active Columns The Hamilton Papers Movie Reviews Homefront Pioneer Prose In Good Health Blast from the Past The Chopping Block Children’s Justice Center From the Heart Over the Fence Editor’s Notebook Horse Whisperer Family Ties Obits Hometown Sports Sports Feature Articles From the Sidelines Sports Wrap Announcements Weddings Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Missionaries Military Bulletin Board Notes of Appreciation Honors, Awards & Graduations Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Send Letter to Editor Community News School News Special Sections Christmas Writing Photo Gallery Archive Events Subscribe Classifieds Browse Ads Search Ads Place Ad About Us Who We Are Our Staff Media Kit Request a Quote Contact Us Support Extras Tell Me a Story Our Picks Poetry Make One Great Dish Book Reviews Moments in Time Strange But True Short Stories Amazon Store Kindle Store Links Weather (No Ratings Yet) Loading... TTB Webmaster No comments yet Obits 322 Views Related Jon Michael Thomas Genella (Alcorn) Smith Vernal A. Andersen October 11, 2016 Kenneth Scott Sheets Kenneth Scott Sheets, age 95, died in Tooele, Utah on Oct. 4, 2016. He was born in Tooele on May 20, 1921, to Don M. Sheets and Mary Sheets. He graduated from Tooele High School, spent a year working at the local copper smelter, and in order to satisfy his love of airplanes, he attended Curtiss Wright Technical Institute in Glendale, California. Upon graduation he was hired by Boeing Airplane Company in Seattle, Washington on Aug. 11, 1941. Ken married Frances Tyler in 1942. They had one adopted son, Robert. Frances passed away in 1986 after a long debilitating bout with osteoporosis. Robert passed away in 1988. After 41 years at Boeing, 37 years in management, Ken retired in 1982 to care for his ailing wife. During his tenure at Boeing he worked on all of the Boeing airplanes of that time — A20, B17, 377, C97, B47, B52, 707, 727, 737, and 747. In addition, he was involved in the development of the Minuteman and Bomarc missiles and the Dynasoar X-20 space vehicle, which was a precursor to today’s space shuttle. Most of his time at Boeing was with the quality assurance organization. He also put in time in the engineering and manufacturing aspects of the business. Ken’s dream of working on airplanes was fulfilled. Ken’s interests were many. He spent many happy hours fishing with his son and hunting with his good friend Bert Petersen in Washington State. He loved to hike and climb mountains including the scaling of Mt. Rainier three times. He took particular pleasure in cutting large walnut trees, curing the wood and designing and producing an end product. He was a skilled woodworker, spending much of his available time on cabinetry and beautiful gun stocks. In later years, pretty much confined to the “flatlands” because of his two hip replacements, he added rock hounding to his list of interests. This fit in with his lifelong interest in early man in North America. His most recent focus was searching for the source of a rare type of agate utilized by Clovis people 12,000 years ago, and he succeeded. Ken married Vivian Elizabeth Carman, his high school sweetheart in 1987. They established a home in Tooele, Utah and had 20 beautiful years together until Vivian’s death on March 27, 2008. Vivian and Ken spent many happy times RVing the western states, enjoying the scenery and each others company. Ken is survived by his granddaughter Laurie Trepanier (Darin) of Auburn, Washington; his daughter-in-law Paula Sassell of Rail Road Flat, California; grandson Robert Sheets of St. Helens, Oregon; his brother Ed Sheets (Loris deceased) of Lincoln, Utah and many nieces and nephews. Funeral services will be held at Tate Mortuary, 110 S. Main Street, Tooele at 11 a.m. on Friday, Oct. 14, with a visitation one hour prior. Burial will be at the Tooele City Cemetery. There will be a remembrance gathering at the Benchmark Village Clubhouse in Tooele following the graveside service. Share Post Tweet 0 Comments Recommended Jon Michael Thomas Genella (Alcorn) Smith Vernal A. Andersen Rula Jane Hammond Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Events Calendar Local Weather For more weather including 7 and 10 day forecasts click HERE. Menu Featured News Hometown Sports Columns Classifieds Obits Links Amazon Store Kindle Store Who We Are Contact Us Request a Quote Send Letter to Editor Help & Support Contact Us Toll Free: (866) 721-9992 Local: (435) 882-0050 Fax: (435) 882-6123 Email: tbp@tooeletranscript.com Hours of Operation Monday – Friday: 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Closed Sat. & Sun. Who We Are At the Tooele Transcript Bulletin, we provide up-to-date news and advertising for Tooele County, Utah. Founded in 1894, our twice-weekly newspaper has been serving readers and the community for nearly 120 years. In addition to the newspaper, we provide a broad range of print, digital and strategy services. Our parent company, Transcript Bulletin Publishing, has in-house graphic designers, photographers, writers, pressmen and technicians that create cool stuff, from print pieces and websites, to signs and graphics. Want your business or organization to be seen in a fresh and exciting way — without busting your budget? We can help. Visit our website at www.tbpublishing.com ArticlesArticles Select Category A Student’s View Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Blast from the Past Book Reviews Breaking News Bulletin Board Children’s Justice Center Christmas Writing Clerk’s Corner Community News Critter Chatter Editor’s Notebook Editorials Family Ties Featured News Financial Focus From the Heart From the Sidelines Front-Page Flashback Garden Spot Hand in Hand with Elayne Homefront Hometown Honors, Awards & Graduations Horse Whisperer In Good Health Letters to the Editor Make One Great Dish Matters of Faith MIlitary Missionaries Moments in Time Monday’s Warm Cocoa Movie Reviews Museum Memories Notes of Appreciation Obits Op-Eds Our Picks Out & About Outdoor Adventure Over the Fence Photo Gallery Photos of the Month Pioneer Prose Poetry School News Short Stories Sports Sports Wrap Strange But True Tech Guru Tell Me a Story The Chopping Block The Hamilton Papers Uncategorized Weddings Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (105) October 2016  (235) September 2016  (247) August 2016  (257) July 2016  (230) June 2016  (256) May 2016  (247) April 2016  (228) March 2016  (270) February 2016  (222) January 2016  (214) December 2015  (250) November 2015  (207) October 2015  (259) September 2015  (251) August 2015  (259) July 2015  (260) June 2015  (257) May 2015  (240) April 2015  (268) March 2015  (276) February 2015  (229) January 2015  (241) December 2014  (304) November 2014  (241) October 2014  (289) September 2014  (294) August 2014  (252) July 2014  (316) June 2014  (282) May 2014  (292) April 2014  (292) March 2014  (272) February 2014  (259) January 2014  (272) December 2013  (258) November 2013  (253) October 2013  (323) September 2013  (246) August 2013  (298) July 2013  (293) June 2013  (265) May 2013  (316) April 2013  (318) March 2013  (287) February 2013  (259) January 2013  (306) December 2012  (285) November 2012  (276) October 2012  (294) September 2012  (89) August 2012  (37) July 2012  (37) June 2012  (18) May 2012  (19) April 2012  (246) March 2012  (300) February 2012  (250) January 2012  (13) December 2011  (29) November 2011  (15) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (11) August 2011  (13) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (17) May 2011  (12) April 2011  (8) March 2011  (11) February 2011  (12) January 2011  (13) December 2010  (9) November 2010  (10) October 2010  (12) September 2010  (11) August 2010  (12) July 2010  (9) June 2010  (10) May 2010  (9) April 2010  (9) March 2010  (6) February 2010  (4) January 2010  (6) December 2009  (9) November 2009  (6) October 2009  (8) September 2009  (71) August 2009  (7) July 2009  (8) June 2009  (3) May 2009  (6) April 2009  (1) March 2009  (2) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (3) December 2008  (4) November 2008  (4) October 2008  (7) September 2008  (3) August 2008  (4) July 2008  (6) June 2008  (4) May 2008  (4) April 2008  (7) March 2008  (5) February 2008  (5) January 2008  (4) December 2007  (5) November 2007  (4) October 2007  (2) September 2007  (6) August 2007  (1) May 2005  (276) April 2005  (310) March 2005  (323) February 2005  (101) Designed, constructed and managed by Transcript Bulletin Publishing, Tooele, UT ©
Coming Thursday: the 2016 Defense One Summit, Nov. 17 in DC Defense Stocks Soar on News of Trump Victory Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Will Trump Keep Obama’s Top Mideast General? Global Business Brief: Trump looks good for defense business; New faces at the Pentagon Sponsor Content Getting Reliable Care in the Highest Risk Environments Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas US Allows Qatar to Buy F-15s — and Seals a $19B Sale of Jetliners By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio October 11, 2016 Topics Industry U.S. Air Force, Senior Airman Thomas Spangler AA Font size + Print An F-15E Strike Eagle takes off. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio October 11, 2016 Officials deny linking the military and commercial deals, but insiders say otherwise. The White House’s recent decision to allow the sale of F-15 fighter jets to Qatar helped to seal the $18.6 billion purchase of 100 Boeing jetliners announced Friday by Qatar Airways, according to people with knowledge of the deal. Executives with Boeing and state-owned Qatar Airways denied links between the military and commercial sales. “The Qatar Airways has its independent policy of ordering airplanes,” CEO Akbar Al Baker said when asked whether the two sales were connected. “So nothing is attached to anything.” But the jetliner deal — which has been under negotiation for months — was finalized less than two weeks after the Obama administration approved the 36 F-15 fighter jets for Qatar on Sept. 28, people close to the agreement say. Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. The up-to-$4 billion fighter jet deal has been in the works for years, but has reportedly been on hold while the U.S. negotiated a 10-year, $38 billion security package with Israel. Israel has reportedly raised objections to Qatar buying F-15s. Last week, White House officials informally told members of Congress that the F-15 sale would get approval, but the State Department and Pentagon have yet to formally announce the deal, which reportedly has options for up to 72 fighters. Boeing builds the F-15 in St. Louis. Meanwhile, Qatar Airways and Boeing executives called the commercial airliner deal historic. “Today’s announcement really exemplifies the benefits of a global partnership and how trade and innovation go hand-in-hand in an increasingly interconnected world to make it a better and a safer place,” said Ray Conner, president and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes. The airliner deal includes the purchase of 30 787-9 Dreamliners and 10 777-ER aircraft, valued at $11.7 billion, according to Boeing. The twin-engine planes are used on long-haul, intercontinental routes. Qatar also signed a “letter of intent” for 60 737 MAX 8 aircraft, which are used for shorter regional flights, worth $6.9 billion. Finalizing that deal would be a huge score for Boeing; currently, Qatar Airways flies only European-made Airbus single-aisle planes on these regional routes. Conner said the deal would affect 104,000 jobs across America, not just in the Seattle area where Boeing builds commercial aircraft. Boeing and Qatar Airways consummated the sale Friday at a lavish signing ceremony at the Four Seasons hotel in Washington. VIPs in attendance included Anthony Blinken, the deputy secretary of state and former deputy national security adviser to President Obama; and Qatar Finance Minister Ali Shareef Al Emadi. Blinken and Al Emadi sat on the dais with Conner and Al Baker, but left before a question-and-answer session with journalists. “A critical and steadfast partner to the United States, Qatar has always played an outside diplomatic and strategic role in its own region, but also increasingly beyond,” Blinken said. “It’s an influential contributor to political, security and economic progress in the Middle East and we are proud of our deepening cooperation on a very diverse range of issues.” Blinken also touted Qatar’s participation in the U.S.-led coalition of nations fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. The deal “will bring us even closer together,” he said. Al Baker noted that Qatar is home to Al Udeid Air Base, the location of U.S. Air Forces Central Command’s combined air and space operations center, which oversees the airstrike campaign against ISIS. “Qatar is a very strong ally of the United States,” he said. “This relationship will only get stronger, but has no relation to Boeing or Qatar Airways or Qatar’s aircraft orders that we placed today.” Marcus Weisgerber is the global business editor for Defense One, where he writes about the intersection of business and national security. He has been covering defense and national security issues for more than a decade, previously as Pentagon correspondent for Defense News and chief editor of ... Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s 2 What It Would Take to Build Trump’s Border Wall with Mexico 3 Trump vs. the Generals Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Why Do Brexit and Trump Still Shock National Security Elites? Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank GM Has Built A Stealth Truck for the Army Trump vs. the Generals Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview The Worst Is Yet To Come in Mosul, US Leaders Say The Next President’s Headaches, According to America’s Top Spy This is the War Against al-Qaeda the Next US President Will Inherit Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous Bitcoin-Style Security May Soon Guard US Nukes and Satellites Next » US warship fires defenses off Yemen; ISIS debuts drone IEDs; Iraq’s Abadi vs. Turkey’s Erdogan; Army looks to cut paperwork; and just a bit more... Coming Thursday: the 2016 Defense One Summit, Nov. 17 in DC Defense Stocks Soar on News of Trump Victory Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Will Trump Keep Obama’s Top Mideast General? Global Business Brief: Trump looks good for defense business; New faces at the Pentagon Sponsor Content Getting Reliable Care in the Highest Risk Environments « Previous Bitcoin-Style Security May Soon Guard US Nukes and Satellites Next » US warship fires defenses off Yemen; ISIS debuts drone IEDs; Iraq’s Abadi vs. Turkey’s Erdogan; Army looks to cut paperwork; and just a bit more... Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Japan International Aerospace Exhibition 2016 to be held from Wednesday 12th October 11.10.2016 | 21:16 (17 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) JCN Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von JCN Newswire Japan International Aerospace Exhibition 2016 to be held from Wednesday 12th October TOKYO, Oct 11, 2016 - (ACN Newswire) - The Society of Japanese Aerospace Companies (Chairman: Yasuyuki Yoshinaga, President & CEO of Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd.) and Tokyo Big Sight Inc. (President & CEO: Yutaka Takehana) are now welcoming applications for media interviews for the Japan International Aerospace Exhibition 2016, to be finally held from Wednesday 12th October, 2016, at Tokyo Big Sight (3-11-1 Ariake, Koto-ku, Tokyo). Highlights & Topics - The biggest-ever Japan International Aerospace Exhibition in its 50-year history, with 792 Japanese and international companies and organizations exhibiting - one of the largest-scale events in Japan!* *Includes co-exhibitors - From 29 major companies among the world's top 100 companies (ranked by sales) to small- and medium-sized cluster companies from all over Japan. The event will feature 602 small, medium, and large companies and organizations from Japan, and 190 overseas exhibitors including AIRBUS GROUP, Boeing Company, and other companies and organizations - Formation of the aircraft industry's largest ever cluster zone, consisting of 349 companies and organizations - Exhibitors include Japan's Acquisition, Technology & Logistics Agency and the Japan Air Self-Defense Force. Several dignitaries have also been invited from abroad - Providing a global BtoB meeting system - More than 50 industry luminaries, conveying the latest information - Lecture by astronaut Naoko Yamazaki and video message from astronaut Takuya Onishi. Look, listen, experience, and enjoy public events that deepen our understanding of aerospace issues - An Invitational Preview Hour held for special invitees and media personnel. Press Inquiries JA2016 PR Office (Kyodo PR) Contact: Takahashi, Yamamoto, Imamizu Phone: +81 3-3571-5236 Fax: +81 3-3574-9364 Email: ja2016-pr@kyodo-pr.co.jp - The biggest-ever Japan International Aerospace Exhibition in its 50-year history, with 792 Japanese and international companies and organizations exhibiting - one of the largest-scale events in Japan!* With 792 companies and organizations exhibiting and an exhibition area of 11,186 m2, this event is Japan's largest international aerospace exhibition. Also, as befits the celebration of its 50-year milestone, this will be the largest Japan International Aerospace Exhibition in history. 61 member companies and organizations from The Society of Japanese Aerospace Companies will be exhibiting. *Includes co-exhibitors - From 29 major companies among the world's top 100 companies (ranked by sales) to small- and medium-sized cluster companies from all over Japan. The event will feature 602 small, medium, and large companies and organizations from Japan, and 190 overseas exhibitors including AIRBUS GROUP, Boeing Company, and other companies and organizations 602 leading companies and organizations from Japan to exhibit 602 companies and organizations will be exhibiting, including major Japanese companies such as IHI Corporation, IHI AEROSPACE CO., LTD., Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd., Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd., Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd., Mitsubishi Aircraft Corporation, ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD, Japan Airlines Co., Ltd., and many more. Exhibits will include actual helicopters and helicopter mock-ups, as well as introducing the latest air frames, body components, on-board equipment, aircraft engines, engine-related equipment, space equipment and services, parts, processing machines, inspection/measuring equipment, IT solutions, etc. Mitsubishi Aircraft Corporation will be exhibiting a cabin mock-up and conducting PR activities for its Japanese-made MRJ passenger aircraft. JAXA will also be presenting a space-related exhibition. 190 overseas companies and organizations to exhibit, including AIRBUS GROUP, Boeing Company 190 overseas companies and organizations from 31 countries/regions will be exhibiting, including AIRBUS GROUP, Boeing Company, Arianespace, Bell Helicopter Textron, Elbit Systems, Honeywell, Leonardo-Finmeccanica, Lockheed Martin, Thales, and many others. Lockheed Martin will be exhibiting a full-scale mock-up of the F-35 stealth fighter in the outdoor exhibition space. The event will feature many pavilions, such as the US pavilion including General Atomics, Pratt & Whitney, Raytheon, Rockwell Collins, Rolls Royce, and others, as well as exhibitions from France, UK, India, and Canada. - Formation of the aircraft industry's largest ever cluster zone, consisting of 349 companies and organizations Clusters supported by local government and organizations, including special cooperation from Tokyo Metropolitan Government, will be presenting exhibits from all over Japan. At JA2016, a Cluster Zone will be established in West Hall 2 to gather all cluster-related stands. The Aircraft Industries Cluster Forum 2016 will also be held on Tuesday October 11 and Wednesday October 12, organized by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. - Exhibitions by the Acquisition, Technology & Logistics Agency and the Japan Air Self-Defense Force. Dignitaries also invited from abroad. The Acquisition, Technology & Logistics Agency will introduce dual-use products and technologies along with 6 small- and medium-sized companies chosen through public selection. The Japan Air Self-Defense Force will exhibit the F-3 engine for the T-4 training aircraft. Several dignitaries have also been invited from abroad. On the Trade & Public Day on Saturday October 15, there will be an exhibition of the UH-60J rescue helicopter. - Providing a global BtoB meeting system BCI Aerospace, which is proven for facilitating business meetings in the aerospace field, will operate a large-scale business meeting system. This is the same business meeting system used in the world's largest events, including the Paris Air Show, with the participation of buyers from all over the world. Exhibitors will be able to use it free of charge. - More than 50 leading figures of the aerospace industry, conveying the latest information More than 50 leading figures of the aerospace and defense fields have been invited to conduct 20 sessions. Mr. Omiya, Chairman of the Board of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries will take the podium to present the first day's special speech. On October 13 and 14, special seminars will be held by Mr. Morimoto, President & CEO of Mitsubishi Aircraft Corporation and Mr. Fujino, President & CEO of Honda Aircraft Company. Presenters from leading overseas companies including AIRBUS GROUP and Boeing Company will also hold overseas aviation seminars. In addition to this, defense-related seminars (including former Defense Minister Mr. Satoshi Morimoto) and space-related seminars (including JAXA Senior Vice President Mr. Mamoru Endo) will also be conducted. Japan International Aerospace Exhibition 2016 Opening Day Program: Wednesday October 12 Japan International Aerospace Exhibition 2016 Opening Ceremony Time: Starts 9:30 am Venue: Tokyo Big Sight, West Exhibition Hall Atrium Schedule: 1. Greetings from the organizer (Mr. Yasuyuki Yoshinaga, Chairman of the Society of Japanese Aerospace Companies) 2. Congratulatory addresses by guests of honor 3. Tape cutting 4. Musical performance by Japan Air Self-Defense Force Central Band Opening Reception Time: From 11:30 am to 12:45 pm Venue: Tokyo Big Sight Reception Hall Program: 1. Greetings from the organizer (Yasuyuki Yoshinaga, Chairman of the Society of Japanese Aerospace Companies) 2. Congratulatory remarks by guests of honor 3. Kagamibiraki (sake barrel-opening) ceremony 4. Toast (led by Yutaka Takehana, Tokyo Big Sight Inc. President & CEO) Invitational Preview Hour Time: 10 am - 12 pm Venue: Tokyo Big Sight, whole building of West Exhibition Hall Eligibility to attend: Media personnel, special invitees Opening Reception Interviews We have decided to accept applications for interviews at the Opening Reception. Prospective applicants should complete the application process at the Press Center from 8:30 am to 10:30 am on Wednesday 12th October. *Please be aware that the interview area will be limited. *Depending on the number of applications, the number of interviewers may be limited. *For more information and guidelines about interviews, we will be happy to offer guidance at time of application. Request for visits during Invitational Preview Hour At JA2016, an Invitational Preview Hour will be held for special invitees on the first day (Wednesday, October 12) from 10 am until 12 pm. This will permit viewing of the venue and exhibits prior to the entry of general public, and the organizers strongly encourage media personnel to attend this program and proactively carry out media interviews. Some points to keep in mind about media interviews - Before conducting interviews, please obtain a press pass at the Press Center. Please refer to the map below to confirm its location. - Please note that there is no press reception area aside from the general reception area. - If conducting interviews over multiple days, we ask that you please obtain a press pass each day. - When conducting interviews with general public and exhibitors, please ensure you have undertaken negotiations and gained approval of each interviewee. - When interviewing, please be aware of visitors and take care. - The Press Center will provide an Internet environment for your use. - If you have any requests, please contact the PR office staff. Venue Access Tokyo Big Sight (West Hall, outdoor exhibition venue) 3-11-1 Ariake, Koto-ku, Tokyo, Japan 135-0063 *Get off at Kokusai-Tenjijo station on the Rinkai line. The Japan International Aerospace Exhibition (JA2016) is approximately a 7-minute walk away. Press Center West Hall, Floor 2, West 1 Conference Room (2) *Open 9:30 am to 5:30 pm For more information, please see: http://bit.ly/2dUit08 Source: Tokyo Big Sight, Inc. Copyright 2016 ACN Newswire . All rights reserved. © 2016 JCN Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
null
null


← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Scientific Method / Science & Exploration Boeing delays Starliner again, casting doubt on commercial flights in 2018 SpaceX likely to see schedule slips, too, but hasn't formally announced delays. by Eric Berger - Oct 11, 2016 4:28 pm UTC Login to bookmark 69 Boeing's Starliner spacecraft is facing more delays. Boeing After an initial delay from late 2017 into early 2018, Boeing has acknowledged a second slippage of its schedule for the first commercial crew flights of its Starliner spacecraft. According to a report in Aviation Week, the company now says it will not be ready to begin operational flights until December 2018, a full year after NASA had originally hoped its commercial crew providers would be ready. The admission by Boeing confirms a report by NASA's Inspector General, which found significant delays with both the Boeing and SpaceX efforts to develop private spacecraft to ferry US astronauts to and from the International Space Station. The delay also explains why, as Ars has previously reported, senior managers with the International Space Station program are likely to press ahead with the politically painful decision to purchase Soyuz seats for the calendar year 2019. Boeing's second delay appears to have been caused by supply chain issues and other factors, which Boeing Program Manager for Commercial Crew John Mulholland said have been largely resolved. "When we were faced with these issues it was time for us to step back and say: ‘Hey listen, we have to readdress [this] and say what’s real and lay in where we are going forward,'” he told Aviation Week. With the revised schedule, Boeing now anticipates completing an initial test crew flight in August 2018. Under this plan, the company could still receive certification from NASA in late 2018 and fly its first operational mission to the station by the end of the year. NASA's other commercial crew provider, SpaceX, has had two issues with its Falcon 9 rocket, which will launch its crewed Dragon spacecraft into orbit. Despite this the company said flights in 2017 remain possible. “We continue to review and analyze data from the anomaly," a spokesman told Ars. "We expect to stay on track with our commercial crew milestones with NASA, but we'll better know how our schedule will be impacted once the investigation is complete and we get back to flying." Nevertheless, the inspector general's report said SpaceX, too, had experienced issues with its spacecraft, particularly adjusting to water-based landings upon returning to Earth. Sources familiar with the commercial crew program have indicated to Ars that the race between SpaceX and Boeing to launch the first NASA astronauts from US soil remains too close to call. Expand full story Reader comments 69 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Eric Berger / Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 04:02 GMT, Nov 14, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica US will send humans to Mars by 2030s – Obama Published time: 11 Oct, 2016 16:19Edited time: 12 Oct, 2016 12:33 Get short URL © NASA / MSFC / Reuters Humans will walk on the surface of Mars within the next 15 years with the help of private companies, US President Barack Obama pledged on Tuesday. The US government will work with entrepreneurs “to build new habitats that can sustain and transport astronauts on long-duration missions in deep space,” Obama said in an opinion piece posted on the CNN website.  “We have set a clear goal vital to the next chapter of America’s story in space: sending humans to Mars by the 2030s and returning them safely to Earth, with the ultimate ambition to one day remain there for an extended time. Read more Boeing harbors grand ambition to reach Mars before SpaceX rocket “The next step is to reach beyond the bounds of Earth’s orbit. I’m excited to announce that we are working with our commercial partners to build new habitats that can sustain and transport astronauts on long-duration missions in deep space. These missions will teach us how humans can live far from Earth – something we’ll need for the long journey to Mars.” Obama will be in Pittsburgh on Thursday for the White House-organized Frontiers Conference, which has been arranged to highlight the latest scientific and technological advances. One session, Interplanetary Frontiers, will examine the next stage of space exploration. Billed speakers include NASA Chief Scientist Ellen Stofan, the chief executive officer of Virgin Galactic, and officials from NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory and Carnegie Mellon. US companies are already battling it out to be the first to offer commercially viable space travel and tourism. Earlier in October, Boeing said it plans to beat Tesla CEO Elon Musk in the race to send humans to Mars. “I’m convinced the first person to step foot on Mars will arrive there riding a Boeing rocket,” Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing’s CEO, said at a Chicago conference on innovation, Bloomberg reported. Boeing has already made a name for itself in space technology, building the first stage for the most powerful US launch vehicle ever flown, the Saturn V – which took astronauts to the Moon. Read more EU-Russia ExoMars mission all set to enter planetary orbit in October – Roscosmos head Tesla won’t be easy to beat, however. Musk told participants of the International Astronautical Congress in Guadalajara, Mexico, in September his SpaceX program will allow humans to become “a multi-planetary species.” “What I want to do here is to make Mars seem possible, to make it seem that is something we can do in our lifetime, and that you can go,” the SpaceX CEO and lead designer said. “Is there a way for anyone to go if they wanted to?” Musk wondered. He said trips to Mars could occur every two years, with spaceships returned to Earth powered by methane mined on Mars and rockets refueling in orbit from rocket boosters. A million people would be required to start a colony on Mars, according to Musk, who added that it would be a real challenge to fund the endeavour. He said some financing could come from servicing the space station and launching satellites, as well as from the government and private investment. The race to launch a manned mission to Mars comes as a joint EU-Russia project designed to search for signs of past and present life on the red planet is due to enter the Martian orbit on October 19 to begin mapping sources of methane gas. The ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter launched on March 14 is set to take the Schiaparelli lander to Mars. It will then proceed to look for sources of methane and other gases on the planet while the lander will work on landing techniques for another mission. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: November 14, 2016 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram Business Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Football Rugby Union Tennis AFL NRL Golf Cycling Motorsport Turf & Thoroughbreds The Times Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property Aviation Emirates’ Tim Clark backs A380s for all Australian flights MITCHELL BINGEMANN The Australian 12:00AM October 12, 2016 Emirates Airline president Tim Clark in Sydney. Picture: Renee Nowytarger Emirates Airline president Tim Clark wants the Middle East carrier to fly nothing but A380 superjumbos to Australia as part of a ramp-up of its partnership with Qantas to fend off competition from other airlines. Mr Clark — who was in Sydney after a weekend pow-wow with Qantas boss Alan Joyce at the $2300-a-night Wolgan Valley spa resort in the Blue Mountains — has doubled-down on his bet that the Airbus A380 will be the future of global aviation, saying the world’s largest passenger aircraft will continue to play an important role in connecting Australians with the rest of the world. “We are growing capacity simply by up-gauging to the A380 and we will continue to gradually bring more and more of those in,” Mr Clark told The Australian. “I really want to consolidate the whole product on to 380s eventually.” Emirates has 77 flights per week to Australia from its Dubai hub and by the end of this month 49 of those will be flown with the A380 as the airline rationalises its fleet and puts more superjumbos into service. The airline will retire its remaining Airbus A330s, A340s and Boeing 777-200ERs by the end of this month, which will leave it with a fleet consisting of A380s and Boeing 777s. Mr Clark said Emirates had ambitions to extend its reach in Australia by establishing new routes to secondary airports such as Darwin or Cairns, but said he first wanted all of the airline’s Australian routes to be operating with A380s. “At the moment it is about up-gauging. There are other points that could be of interest to us later on with perhaps a twin (engine plane) but we are not there yet,” he said. “Once we have consolidated that we can then start looking at other points. But at the moment a lot of things are in flatline. The European economy flatlined, the Asian economies have slowed and a lot of capacity has come into market which was purchased years ago. So we have to wait and see where things go and then we’ll look at other places.” Emirates’ commitment to the A380 is at odds with most of the global airline community which is increasingly moving away from the 500-seater plane and on to smaller, more fuel-efficient and longer range twin-engine jets like Boeing’s Dreamliner and Airbus’s A350. In August Qantas said it didn’t want the remaining eight A380s it still had on order as they didn’t fit into its strategy to focus on direct routes between smaller cities rather than larger hubs with more passengers to fill bigger planes. But Mr Clark believes the future remains bright for the superjumbo. “It’s absolutely critical to do what we do,” he said. “We want them (A380s) but others for reasons best known to themselves can’t seem to make it work. I’m not saying Qantas is wrong but if it was me, I would be saying I’d like to keep them, but I’m not going to comment on how they go about their fleet planning.” The jitters infecting global economies, threats of terror and the continued volatility of the oil price had concocted a tough operating environment for airlines, Mr Clark said. “It’s tough at the moment, there’s no question about it and that’s not just in Australia, that’s everywhere,” he said. “So we are resetting a lot of our program design and looking at routes that are not growing at the rate we would like. So we are realigning a lot of things and the industry as a whole is going through this.” Mr Clark said the airline was committed to strengthening its alliance with Qantas to help the airlines overcome the competitive threats in the Australian market. “We both want to extract more value out of this partnership, to develop and grow it and look at new ways to engage with the consumer to improve the way this partnership operates,” Mr Clark said. “Australia has become an incredibly competitive market with more and more players coming in with high-end products and very low prices. So we were talking about how the partnership can go forward in that kind of situation and improve the way it does things and bringing in new aircraft and products into the market. If you look at the things we are doing in Emirates anyway, whether it be the product or the frequent flyer program, and then look at the Qantas frequent flyer program which is huge, how we can merge all of that and extract value, that in itself is a major development for us.” Faced with increased competition into Australia from rivals Etihad and Qatar Airways, Mr Clark said only “time would tell” if the Australian market could sustain three Gulf carriers. “I think it will be a little bit worrying if unlimited capacity, unconstrained, was brought into the market. I’m a free marketeer, I’m a great believer in competition but there are access issues in Australia in terms of what you can take into airports like Mascot and we all have 380s that we want to bring in,” he said. “So if you overcook capacity and oversaturate it then everybody goes south. Already we are seeing prices come right down, well below what we’ve seen in the past.” Follow us More Stories Scoot gives boot to TigerairSUSAN KUROSAWA Scoot will take over the routes of short-haul airline Tigerair Singapore in the second half of next year. Wellcamp venture is takeoff readyMITCHELL BINGEMANN Brisbane West Wellcamp Airport got a boost to its ­aspirations yesterday, winning approval for more overseas flights. Jetstar repairs GE enginesMitchell Bingemann Jetstar has modified the last of its Boeing Dreamliner jets to fix a problem with the planes’ engines. Flights freed up at ToowoombaMitchell Bingemann International flight restrictions have lifted at Brisbane West Wellcamp Airport, in a move set to boost tourism and business. AMSA rescue jets still groundedMITCHELL BINGEMANN A $640 million contract to use four jets for maritime search-and-rescue operations is running three months late. MH370 review faces lengthy waitEAN HIGGINS A report by experts reviewing the strategy to find MH370 may not be produced until after a current search is complete. Space programs face squeezeANDY PASZTOR US space exploration programs face a potentially major reset, as Donald Trump’s team studies ways to revamp spending. Trump may widen US-Gulf riftMITCHELL BINGEMANN A new rift between US and Middle Eastern airlines could open after Donald Trump’s stunning win. Runway delays new serviceMITCHELL BINGEMANN Singapore Airlines has postponed its planned Sydney-Jakarta-Singapore service because of Jakarta Airport’s runways. Webjet lands $56m in Zuji saleLISA ALLEN Online travel agency Webjet has pocketed $56 million from the surprise sale of its Asia Pacific operation, Zuji. Features Podcast series: The betrayal of a generation Podcasts from The Australian, including the award-winning Bowraville Feature: Authorities are handling Auburn’s Salim Mehajer with kid gloves See what the latest Newspoll would mean if an election was held today Australian coastal property sales snapshot, data by CoreLogic Join us as we discuss why STEM is so vital to Australia's economic future. Tickets on sale now A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here theaustralian subscribe newsletters Send Stories search News Top Stories Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer In-Depth Investigations Health & Science Weekend Australian Magazine Mind Games Weather Video Photos Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Cartoons Editorials Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Wall Street Journal Wealth Mining & Energy Property Aviation Economics Financial Services Legal Affairs Businessnow National Affairs Politics News Opinion Blogs State Politics Policy Treasury Immigration Industrial Relations Defence Newspoll Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Rugby Union AFL NRL Football Tennis Turf & Thoroughbreds Golf Motorsports Cycling The Times Sport Technology Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Arts Arts news Opinion Books Film Visual Arts Stage Music Television Review Magazine Life Fashion Food & Wine Home & Design Health & Wellbeing Motoring Personal-tech Wish Magazine Magazine Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion University Rankings International Students Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Digital Marketing Follow Us Find us on Twitter Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Subscribe Subscriber Rewards About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Our journalists Photo Sales News Archive Help Accessibility Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Terms & Conditions Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now

Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Science First Look Did Boeing's CEO just kick off a billionaires' space race? Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Why a third of Clinton supporters say Trump's victory is illegitimate KKK rally planned: Can Trump and the GOP disown the Klan? Dogs sniff out invasive species of mussel in Montana How crisis hotlines are helping people cope with the election results Boeing chief executive officer Dennis Muilenburg and SpaceX founder Elon Musk both have Mars dreams. But who will get there first? By Ben Rosen, Staff October 10, 2016 Save for later Saved Mars is seen 54 million miles from Earth as captured in 1999 by the Hubble telescope. Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg has vowed to beat SpaceX and Elon Musk to Mars. NASA/Reuters View Caption About video ads View Caption of The space race that first brought humans to the moon was propelled by a tense international rivalry between the United States and the Soviet Union. A half-century later, Boeing’s chief executive envisions a competition between the aeronautics manufacturer and SpaceX having the same result, minus the cold war. Except, this time, the destination is the Red Planet. “I’m convinced the first person to step on Mars will arrive there riding a Boeing rocket,” Dennis Muilenburg said at an event hosted by The Atlantic Magazine in Chicago on Oct. 4. Recommended: How much do you know about the space race? Take our quiz The Boeing Company is already in partnership with NASA to develop the Space Launch System, a heavy-lift rocket for deep space exploration. But Mr. Muilenburg’s comments indicate an increasing rivalry between Boeing and SpaceX to be the first to reach Mars and, perhaps, colonize it. This competition could push progress, as SpaceX founder and chief Elon Musk welcomed challengers when he laid out his plans just a week before for a  Mars colony. Test your knowledge How much do you know about the space race? Take our quiz Infographic Space Race, The Sequel: Who is exploring the cosmos today? Photos of the Day Photos of the Weekend “The goal of SpaceX really is to build the transport system.  It’s like building the Union Pacific railroads,” Mr. Musk told the International Astronautical Congress (IAC) in Guadalajara, Mexico, on Sept. 27. Muilenburg indicated a growing competition between Boeing and SpaceX when he spoke of his vision for a commercial space-travel market, according to Bloomberg. He imagined hotels in orbit, hypersonic jets traveling between continents in two minutes, and a Boeing rocket bringing the first human to Mars. Boeing has been working with NASA to make that a reality. The public-private partners have been developing a Space Launch System rocket, which NASA hopes will  bring the first humans to Mars by 2030. The aerospace company has long partnered with NASA. It built the first stage for the Saturn V, the most powerful US rocket built to date, which took men to the moon. SpaceX’s Mars timeline is a bit more ambitious. Musk has said his company plans to bring the first humans to the Red Planet five years sooner, in 2025, with the eventual goal of human colonization of Mars. The two companies have been in competition ever since SpaceX started developing technology to reach space. In 2012, NASA chose Boeing, SpaceX, and Sierra Nevada Corp. to taxi astronauts to the International Space Station (ISS) orbiting Earth. NASA had the three companies share $1.1 billion in funding, with Boeing receiving the most money at the time. But SpaceX was the first of the three companies to deliver cargo to the ISS. Just like Russia charges NASA a fee to shuttle astronauts to the ISS now, the companies will have NASA pay them per seat. But corporate ventures to Mars and deep space has some scientists, lawyers, philosophers, and science fiction writers worried. “I personally would hate that: turning the cosmos into a kind of billionaires’ playground,” Kim Stanley Robinson, an acclaimed science fiction writer, told The Christian Science Monitor’s Lonnie Shekhtman last month. Others have raised concerns about the reign a corporation or extra-planetary power could hold over resources on the Red Planet.   “If somebody gets control of oxygen, they could very well have control over the whole population and could threaten dire consequences in return for extraordinary levels of power,” Charles Cockell, an astrobiologist at the University of Edinburgh, pointed out to the BBC in 2014. But other countries are also aiming for Mars. The space programs that have already sent uncrewed missions to the fourth planet include the US, Russia, the European Space Agency, and India, with China having plans to follow. With the price of putting an astronaut on Mars in the billions of dollars, Musk envisions funding the project through some type of public-private partnership, writes Ms. Shekhtman. SpaceX, for instance, would generate income from launching satellites and doing work on ISS.  This report contains material from the Associated Press. Next up Test your knowledge How much do you know about the space race? Take our quiz How Elon Musk plans to bring humanity to Mars (+video) Was the birth of our moon more violent than we thought? Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 How Americans are handling post-election hate GOP-controlled Congress will still need Democrats Cover Story Why climate change divides us The president is commander in chief? Yes, but it's complicated What Democrats can learn from Hillary's loss Popular Now Hillary Clinton widens lead in popular vote: Does it matter? First Look KKK rally planned: Can Trump and the GOP disown the Klan? First Look Dogs sniff out invasive species of mussel in Montana Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? First Look How crisis hotlines are helping people cope with the election results   take the quiz Test your scientific literacy!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Weekend Latest News Trump tweets dig at New York Times: Will he quit Twitter as president? Doing Good Difference Maker A Denver native brings the vast outdoors to at-risk youths Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK

HOME  |  NEWS  |  BLOGS  |  MESSAGES  |  FEATURES  |  VIDEOS  |  WEBINARS  |  INDUSTRIES  |  FOCUS ON FUNDAMENTALS   |  REGISTER  |  LOGIN  |  HELP Automation & Motion Control Design Hardware & Software Electronics & Test Materials & Assembly Design News Direct Product Showcase DIGI-KEY CONTINUING EDUCATION CENTER Earn IEEE Professional Development Hours  |   Next class:   November 14 - Day 1: Introduction to Version ... MORE > News Materials & Assembly ORNL, Boeing Win World Record For Biggest 3D-Printed Piece Bio Email This Print Comment Google+ Ann R. Thryft, Senior Technical Editor, Materials & Assembly 10/11/2016   Post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet The number of techniques for making large-scale parts with 3D printing and additive manufacturing (AM) is growing along with part size. We've reported on several, including Sciaky's, the Stratasys Infinite Build demonstrator, and the Big Area Additive Manufacturing (BAAM) machine developed by Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL), used to 3D print the composite Strati car at IMTS 2014. The biggest of all, according to Guinness World Records, is a 3D-printed trim and drill tool that measures 17.5 ft x 5.5 ft x 1.5 ft. It now holds the world record for the largest solid 3D-printed item. Researchers at ORNL built the tool to be evaluated by Boeing for use in constructing the aircraft leader's 777X passenger jet. Boeing's flagship 777X twin-engine passenger jet builds on the success of the company's 777 and 787 Dreamliner, but it will be even bigger. Its newly designed longer composite wings will maximize fuel efficiency. (Source: Boeing) Boeing's flagship 777X builds on the success of the company's 777 and 787 Dreamliner, but it will be even bigger than either of those. Boeing says this aircraft will be the biggest and most efficient twin-engine jet in the world, as well as one of the most comfortable. Compared to the interior of the Dreamliner, the cabin of the 777X will be wider, with bigger windows and newly designed lighting. It will also feature touchscreens in the flight deck for pilots, a first in air transportation. The 777X jet will have newly designed, completely optimized, longer wings. The design of the plane's high-efficiency, high-span composite wing enables a 23 ft (7m) greater span for maximizing fuel efficiency. In flight, the plane's wingspan will measure 235 ft, 5 inch (71.8m), and on the ground, 212 ft, 8 inch (64.8m). Production of the plane is scheduled to begin in 2017 and first delivery is targeted for 2020. Guinness World Records judge measures the 3D-printed trim tool, co-developed by Oak Ridge National Laboratory and Boeing to be evaluated for use in constructing the wingskin of Boeing's new 777X passenger jet. (Source: Oak Ridge National Laboratory) The Guinness World Record-winning trim and drill tool will be used to secure the composite wing skin of the 777X during drilling and machining, before it is assembled. The tool itself was 3D printed at ORNL of carbon fiber and ABS thermoplastic composite materials. The research team at ORNL says the tool's length is similar to that of a large sport utility vehicle, and that it weighs 1,650 lb (748.43 kg). READ MORE ARTICLES ON 3D & 4D PRINTING: NAVAIR Flies First 3D-Printed Safety-Critical Part Stratasys Unveils New Technologies for Large-Scale Additive Manufacturing Tooling & Fixtures: The Unsung Application for 3D Printing Changing the tools' materials and 3D printing it is saving a bundle in both time and money compared to traditional metallic tooling. ORNL printed the lower-cost trim tool in only 30 hours. "The existing, more expensive metallic tooling option we currently use comes from a supplier and typically takes three months to manufacture using conventional techniques," said Boeing's director of structures and materials, Leo Christodoulou. "Additively manufactured tools, such as the 777X wing trim tool, will save energy, time, labor, and production cost and are part of our overall strategy to apply 3D-printing technology in key production areas." A 3D-printed trim and drill tool developed by ORNL and Boeing to be used in building Boeings 777X passenger jet has received the title of largest solid 3D-printed item by Guinness World Records. In the background is the Big Area Additive Manufacturing (BAAM) machine researchers used to build the tool. (Source: Oak Ridge National Laboratory) Guinness World Records judge Michael Empric measured the trim and drill tool to prove it exceeded the minimum dimensions of 0.3 cubic meters, or about 10.6 cubic feet, to qualify for the record title. The measurement was performed at an awards ceremony held at ORNL's Manufacturing Demonstration Facility, which houses the BAAM machine used to 3D print the tool. After verification testing is completed by ORNL, Boeing plans to use the additively manufactured tool in the companys new production facility in St. Louis. It will then be able to give the lab feedback on the tools performance. Ann R. Thryft is senior technical editor, materials & assembly, for Design News. She's been writing about manufacturing- and electronics-related technologies for 29 years, covering manufacturing materials & processes, alternative energy, and robotics. In the past, she's also written about machine vision and all kinds of communications. Email This Print Comment Comments View Comments: Newest First|Oldest First|Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Partner Zone Latest Analysis Tarantula Inspires New Textile Colorant and Screen Technology  0 The unique reason for the greenbottle blue tarantula's color has inspired researchers to develop new material that can be used to develop fade-resistant colorant or new screen technology. Embedded Softwares Future: Platform-Based Development  3 An embedded system platform contains all the building blocks that a developer needs to quickly get a microcontroller up and running in a short time period and direct their focus on the product. Research Breakthrough in Carbon Nanotube Transistors  0 The superiority of semiconducting single-walled carbon nanotubes (CNTs) as field effect transistors (FET) was demonstrated over a decade ago. However, difficulties in production have kept this material out of reach all this time  until now. Trump Win Could Mean Big Questions for Manufacturing  51 Donald Trump wins the US presidential election, leaving questions about industrial and manufacturing policies. The Internet of Things is Too Thingy  5 Cees Links, a pioneer of the wireless data industry, doesnt see the connection between the IoT and the things themselves, but all the focus on the actual devices, he says, is missing the point and making everyone confused about what the business opportunity and actual potential for the industry is. More:Blogs|News Design News Webinar Series 11/17/2016 11:00 AM PST | 2:00 PM EST Automotive Lightweighting More Information 10/27/2016 11:00 AM PDT | 2:00 PM EDT Engineering Motion and Actuation More Information 10/4/2016 11:00 AM PDT | 2:00 PM EDT Selecting the Appropriate Tape or Adhesive for Durable Assembly Applications More Information 9/29/2016 11:00 AM PDT | 2:00 PM EDT Overcoming the Challenges of Motors and Drives Operating in Demanding Wet Environments More Information MORE WEBINARS  |  WEBINAR ARCHIVES Quick Poll POLL ARCHIVE OPEN O CLOSE X The Continuing Education Center offers engineers an entirely new way to get the education they need to formulate next-generation solutions. Join interactive classes, earn IEEE Professional Development Hours, Chat with peers This Semester: November 1 - November 30 Learn More Login Nov 1 - 4, SoC FPGA Devices using the Microsemi SmartFusion2 Device Tue:  November 1 - Day 2: Planning the Application Wed:  November 2 - Day 3: Microcontroller Programming Thu:  November 3 - Day 4: FPGA Programming - Part 1 Fri:  November 4 - Day 5: FPGA Programming - Part 2 ... Mon:  November 14 - Day 1: Introduction to Version ... Tue:  November 15 - Day 2: Basic Git Concepts Wed:  November 16 - Day 3: GitHub Hands-On, Part 1 Thu:  November 17 - Day 4: GitHub Hands-On, Part 2 Fri:  November 18 - Day 5: Local Clients and Other ... 8 Courses Over Six Months: November - November SoC FPGA Devices using the Microsemi SmartFusion2 Device LECTURER: Louis Giokas, Editor, DesignNews Code Sharing, Collaboration, and Version Control: An Hands-on Introduction to Git and Github LECTURER: Charles J. Lord, Embedded Systems Consultant, Trainer Learn More Login SEMESTERS: 1  |  2  |  3  |  4  |  5  |  6 |  7 | 8 | 9 | 10 Focus on Fundamentals consists of 45-minute on-line classes that cover a host of technologies. You learn without leaving the comfort of your desk. All classes are taught by subject-matter experts and all are archived. So if you can't attend live, attend at your convenience. Learn More   |   Login   |   Archived Classes Twitter Feed follow us Tweets by @DesignNews Like Us on Facebook Technology Marketplace About Design News Advertise with Design News Contact Us Magazine Subscription eNewsletter Subscription RSS Copyright © 2016 UBM Canon, A UBM company, All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite Design News content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Automotive Aerospace Alternative Energy Consumer Electronics Government/Defense Industrial Machinery Mechatronics Medical
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 14 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's Air Arabia Q3 net profit rises UAE's ENBD bank expects retail lending growth to fall in 2017 Dubai's Alabbar to launch Middle East online shopping platform Dubai mulls a new law for affordable housing Dubai Marina was top pick in Q3 Dubai industrial realty is running hot, says DIP CEO Aluminium Bahrain Q3 net income rises 65.1% Hyperloop between Dubai, Abu Dhabi in full swing Dubai mulls a new law for affordable housing Algeria Tiguentourine gas plant back at capacity before year's end - Iran opens three new oilfields as it boosts output Saudi energy minister in Algiers for talks UAE's ENBD bank expects retail lending growth to fall in 2017 India cenbank asks banks to furnish daily data on cash withdrawals Dubai ruler issues law on free zones Al Baraka Banking Group's third-quarter net profit drops 3.75% Islamic stocks in Qatar surge about 2% Islamic finance nears final standard for gold-based products Dubai's Alabbar to launch Middle East online shopping platform Omani telecom provider to roll out Internet of Things network Zain Saudi told to pay rival millions in arbitration Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE consumer confidence down on job worries Egypt targets budget deficit of 8.5-9.5% of GDP Strong earthquake strikes near Christchurch, New Zealand UAE consumer confidence down on job worries UAE's Fujairah seeks partnerships with all investors- Ruler Saudi tourism sector creates 1.3 million jobs Saudi clinics treat over 3,000 Syrians a week in Jordan Syrian army and allies advance in Aleppo Jordan's ICT initiative designed to create 150,000 jobs Egypt targets budget deficit of 8.5-9.5% of GDP Algeria Tiguentourine gas plant back at capacity before year's end - Tunisian trade deficit worsens to $4.76 bln in Oct Strong earthquake strikes near Christchurch, New Zealand Iraq troops vow to tighten noose on Islamic State in Mosul Emirates NBD updates of what Trump economy could look like Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities India raises cap on cash withdrawals to ease public anger Oil prices extend declines on oversupply worries Gold broadly steady on short covering after global commodity sell-off Egyptian stocks rise further following IMF loan approval Shares exposed to emerging market funds sag but Saudi index climbs Emerging market weakness, lower oil may hit regional shares India raises cap on cash withdrawals to ease public anger India cenbank asks banks to furnish daily data on cash withdrawals UAE Exchange President explains how Indians can exchange currency Oil prices extend declines on oversupply worries Gold broadly steady on short covering after global commodity sell-off Egypt tender draws few offers on day of planned protests Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Qatar Airways fined in U.S. for using prohibited airspace Dubai ruler issues law on free zones Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring Dubai ruler issues law on free zones Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring Kuwait's court confirms royal can run in polls Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Illegal drone users to face prosecution in UAE Qatar Airways fined in U.S. for using prohibited airspace Dubai ruler issues law on free zones Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring No backing off on Umrah fee, says Saudi Ministry of Haj Absent Kuwaiti employee receives salary for 10 years Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE, China popular for millennials seeking to advance career Emirates passengers can now get UAE visa using app Five decades & 200 films later, Jackie Chan finally wins Oscar Qatar Charity signs partnership pact with Almaha Medical Tips for coping with post-election shock Cosmetic surgery on the rise in Oman Dubai Canal sets off ripple of excitement Asserting a Muslim fashion identity Russia upholds LinkedIn ban over data protection fears Emirates passengers can now get UAE visa using app No backing off on Umrah fee, says Saudi Ministry of Haj Emiratis in U.S. warned of rising aggression Five decades & 200 films later, Jackie Chan finally wins Oscar Sting reopens Paris music hall on attack anniversary Filmmaker Michael Moore visits Trump Tower British swimmer to brave sharks in Atlantic crossing Rugby- England a step closer to top after beating Springboks Cricket- England pick up two wickets after setting India 310 for win Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Qatar Airways orders for 30 B787-9 Dreamliners, 10 Boeing 777-300ers 11 October, 2016 11 October 2016 WASHINGTON – Boeing and Qatar Airways have announced an order for 30 B787-9 Dreamliners and 10 B777-300ERs, valued at $11.7 billion at list prices, validating the value, reliability and performance of Boeing’s twin-aisle airplanes. The airline also signed a Letter of Intent for up to 60 737 MAX 8s, valued at $6.9 billion at list prices. Today’s announcement builds on Qatar Airways’ current fleet of 84 Boeing aircraft, a combination of 787s and 777s, all delivered over the last nine years. With this new order, Qatar Airways increases its firm order backlog of Boeing wide-body airplanes from 65 to 105, including 60 777Xs. The announcement was attended by the State of Qatar’s Minister of Finance Ali Shareef Al Emadi, US Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken and the Ambassador of Qatar Mohammed Jaham Al-Kuwari. Advertisement “Qatar Airways, already one of the fastest growing airlines in the history of aviation, today announces a significant and historic aircraft order that will power our future growth for the years and the decades ahead,” said Qatar Airways Group Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker. “Boeing has proven to be a valuable partner, and today’s announcement is testament to our appreciation of the quality of their product and their dedication to providing world class customer service.” © The Saudi Gazette 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 UAE's Emaar appoints Veresh Sita as Chief Digital Officer to drive tech strategy for next era of growth 01 Nov 2016 New Independent Director Appointed to AUB Board Ahli United Bank B.S.C. has announced the appointment of Mr. David Hodgkinson, a highly experienced and qualified international banker, as an Independent Director on the Bank’s Board of Directors. 01 Nov 2016  from Action Group Former CEO Naji Skaf Joins Heidrick & Struggles as Partner In Industrial Services Practice to Expand Presence in Middle East "Naji brings with him extensive leadership and management experience in the Chemical 01 Nov 2016 CGC names new General Manager 31 Oct 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 14/11/2016 10:55:31 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   business Last update 09:03 | 11/10/2016    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Aviation industry gets a boost from cutting edge technologies GE Aviation is providing the newest technologies to Vietnamese airlines, treating Vietnam as a focal point as the country grows into a regional hub of business and tourism. Offering revolutionary technologies Two new technologies, 3D printing and ceramic matrix composites,  have revolutionized the aviation industry in the past year. Starting in 2015, the fist-sized piece of silver metal – which houses the compressor inlet temperature sensor inside a jet engine – became a symbol of one of the biggest changes in modern jet engine design. The housing for the sensor, known as T25, became the first 3D-printed part certified by the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to fly inside GE commercial jet engines. GE Aviation then worked with Boeing to retrofit more than 400 GE90-94B jet engines – some of the world’s largest and most powerful engines used in aviation – with the 3D-printed part. The GE90 family of engines powers 777 Boeing planes. GE also started test flights with the next-generation LEAP jet engine, which holds 19 3D-printed fuel nozzles. The engine, which powers new narrow-body planes like the Boeing 737MAX and the Airbus A320neo, was developed by CFM International, a 50/50 joint venture between GE Aviation and French Safran (Snecma). GE is also developing 3D-printed fuel nozzles and other parts for the GE9X engine for Boeing’s new 777X aircraft, the largest jet engine ever built. Besides innovations in 3D printing, which have enabled the company to design and print parts that could not be made otherwise, GE is also pioneering the use of ceramic matrix composites (CMCs) in airplane parts production. These “super ceramics” are as tough as metals, but only one-third as heavy. They can operate at 2,400 degrees Fahrenheit (1,315.5 degrees Celsius) – 500 degrees Fahrenheit (295.5 degrees Celsius) higher than the most advanced alloys. This combination allows engineers to design lighter components for engines that don’t need as much cooling, generating more power and burning less fuel. GE Aviation first used CMC shrouds in the hot section of its F136 fighter jet engine, but their application quickly spread. Static CMC parts are already flying inside the LEAP on Boeing 737 MAX, Airbus A320neo, and Airbus A321neo jets. The LEAP’s manufacturer, CFM International, has received more than 10,800 orders for the engines – which, according to list price, amount to more than $150 billion. 3D-printed parts and components made from advanced ceramics help make the LEAP engine quieter, easier to maintain, and 15 per cent more fuel-efficient than CFM’s current engines. Flying in tandem with Vietnam LEAP-1B jet engines, which use 3D-printed components and CMC parts, are now used in the fleet of Vietnam’s only private airline, VietJet Air. During US President Barack Obama’s first visit to the country in May of this year, GE signed a $3 billion order for 215 LEAP-1B jet engines, which will power a brand-new fleet of 100 next-generation Boeing 737 MAX aircrafts operated by VietJet Air. The airplanes will be delivered to VietJet Air from 2019 until 2023, supporting the company as it extends its domestic and international networks. According to VietJet Air, the investment in a fleet of Boeing 737 MAXs will help it to grow its planned international route network, which will include long-haul flights.  GE, the world’s leading airline engine manufacturer, has also been co-operating with state-owned carrier Vietnam Airlines for a long time. Much of Vietnam Airlines’ fleet runs on GE’s CFM56-5B, GE90, and GEnx jet engines. The CFM56-5B is the engine of choice for the Airbus A320 family, having been selected to power the Airbus Corporate Jet (ACJ) and nearly 60 per cent of the A318/A319/A320/A321 aircrafts ordered. Vietnam Airlines, as one of GE’s earliest customers in the region, has used the CFM56-5B engine since the mid-1990s to power 10 of its Airbus A320 aircrafts. The engines have logged over 129,000 flight hours with no in-flight shutdowns, and have a 99.9 per cent dispatch reliability rate. The GE90, originally certified in 1995 at 84,700 pounds of thrust (38,419 kilogrammes-force), today powers five different types of Boeing 777 aircraft. At 127,000 pounds of thrust (57,606 kilogrammes-force), the GE90-115B is one of the world’s most powerful jet engines. Most recently, 14 GE90 engines were selected by Vietnam Airlines for regional use. The GE90-94B-powered Boeing 777 aircraft is the first long-range aircraft utilised by Vietnam Airlines. The engines’ unmatched flexibility and reliability allows for non-stop flights from Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City straight to Paris, France. Meanwhile, the GEnx aircraft engine uses the latest generation materials and design processes to reduce weight, improve fuel efficiency, and lower maintenance costs for mid-size, long-range aircrafts, such as the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. In October 2013, GE provided 40 GEnx jet engines for Vietnam Airlines’ Boeing 787 Dreamliner fleet. The new engines brought a 15 per cent reduction in the fleet’s fuel usage.  In addition to providing equipment, GE offers its customers flexible, customised services and solutions that can meet unique needs. Along with a global network of technical resources to support their operations at the local level, GE offers its customers the means to implement goals associated with flight operations’ quality assurance, including significant fuel efficiency, reduced emissions, and lower noise, as well as improved access to airports. “GE’s engines have been ensuring that flying in Vietnam is safe and comfortable for passengers, but just as importantly, its technology ensures that air travel remains gentle on the environment. That is how we are working with Vietnam’s airlines to meet the increasing demand for domestic air travel,” said Pham Hong Son, CEO of GE Vietnam. Clear skies ahead As Vietnam finds its voice as a prominent global actor, the demand for air travel is rising. According to data published by Civil Aviation Authority of Vietnam, in the first half of this year, Vietnamese airlines transported 25 million passengers, up 30 per cent on-year, and the number of domestic passengers grew by 33 per cent. This is phenomenal growth compared to the previous years’ 15-20 per cent. The International Air Transport Association has named Vietnam as one of the seven fastest growing air travel markets in the world from 2014 to 2017, both in terms of the number of international passengers and cargo. Meanwhile, the number of domestic passengers is expected to grow at an annual average of 15 per cent in the next few years. Currently, ASEAN Open Sky – established on January 1, 2016 – is creating a level playing field for all airlines in the region, providing opportunities for Vietnamese airlines to soar. In this context, GE Aviation is looking to make significant investments in Vietnam, betting on its coming role as a hub in the open skies. The key, as the company sees it, lies in helping its airline partners serve the growing population of business and leisure travelers, primarily relying on the company’s advanced jet engines, which are both easy to maintain and cost-effective. “GE hopes to foster a strong alliance with Vietnam’s growing airlines as the nation grows into one of the Pacific region’s leading business and tourism destinations,” added Son. VIR Aviation industry gets a boost from cutting edge technologies, vietnam economy, business news, vn news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, vn news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, Vietnam breaking news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Gold trading center proposed Budget deficit at $7.14bn China becomes Vietnam’s second biggest tra fish market Vietnam's economic restructuring plan for 2016-2020 ADB promises additional $500 million for Metro 2 project Minister points to bottlenecks in agricultural restructuring SCIC seeks one investor for Maritime Bank shares Japanese property companies continue to flock to Vietnam Real estate market heats up thanks to remittance flow Police called on to investigate loss-making firm     Top Stories Once-famous brands struggle to survive The market of Chuong conical hat village Gov’t to stop acting as guarantor for state-owned enterprise loans Bao Loc tourism destination dreamy in autumn Experts warn about Hoang Anh Gia Lai’s plan to sell land Hydropower plants causing more accidents Head transplant operation in Vietnam planned Tourism industry to make more use of general aviation Should Vietnam take pride in low labor costs? Online ad rate in Vietnam lowest in the world Latest News Vietnam incinerates tonnes of illegal elephant ivory and rhino horn One more metro line to be built in HCM City Foreigners may be barred from being tour guides New bird flu outbreaks reported in Germany and Switzerland Trump uncertainty hits VN stocks Starbucks opens new stores in Viet Nam Aftershocks rattle New Zealand after powerful quake kills two Dollar climbs along with U.S. yields but Asia shares divided EU braces for 'more businesslike' ties with Trump's America TPP or not, Vietnam will continue integration     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Monday, November 14, 2016 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Sting reopens Paris Bataclan amid tears, cheers and controversy Italian, US artists to create works for Louvre Abu Dhabi Egyptian actor Mahmoud Abdel Aziz dies aged 70 Hollywood worries about Trump as stars honor Jackie Chan Zuckerberg among Facebook users mistakenly declared ‘dead’ AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business Qatar Airways orders for 30 B787-9 Dreamliners, 10 Boeing 777-300ers Business Qatar Airways orders for 30 B787-9 Dreamliners, 10 Boeing 777-300ers Oct 11, 2016 405 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter Qatar Airways Group Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker (front, left) and Boeing Commercial Airplanes President and Chief Executive Officer Ray Conner (front, right) celebrate a significant and historic aircraft agreement with Qatar Minister of Finance Ali Sharif Al Emadi (left) and US Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken (back, right) WASHINGTON – Boeing and Qatar Airways have announced an order for 30 B787-9 Dreamliners and 10 B777-300ERs, valued at $11.7 billion at list prices, validating the value, reliability and performance of Boeing’s twin-aisle airplanes. The airline also signed a Letter of Intent for up to 60 737 MAX 8s, valued at $6.9 billion at list prices. Today’s announcement builds on Qatar Airways’ current fleet of 84 Boeing aircraft, a combination of 787s and 777s, all delivered over the last nine years. With this new order, Qatar Airways increases its firm order backlog of Boeing wide-body airplanes from 65 to 105, including 60 777Xs. The announcement was attended by the State of Qatar’s Minister of Finance Ali Shareef Al Emadi, US Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken and the Ambassador of Qatar Mohammed Jaham Al-Kuwari. “Qatar Airways, already one of the fastest growing airlines in the history of aviation, today announces a significant and historic aircraft order that will power our future growth for the years and the decades ahead,” said Qatar Airways Group Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker. “Boeing has proven to be a valuable partner, and today’s announcement is testament to our appreciation of the quality of their product and their dedication to providing world class customer service.” SOURCESaudi Gazette TAGS Boeing 777 Dreamliners SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleTribal incompatibility: Judge grants divorce to couple Next articleThailand on edge as king ‘not stable’ Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Saudia set to receive its first B777-300ER plane New Boeing 777 freighter joins Etihad Cargo fleet British Boeing captain says MH370 can be found soon NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   STAY CONNECTED 1,482,701FansLike 41,038FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts Qatari emir, Bahraini king in Riyadh to offer condolences to King Salman Nov 14, 2016 Deputy Crown Prince meets Malaysian counterpart Nov 14, 2016 80 hours per life wasted on streets annually Nov 14, 2016 Run away workers won’t be allowed to enter KSA Nov 14, 2016 Al-Falih: OPEC production cut imperative Nov 14, 2016 Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / October 10 Market Close: GovCon Index Lifted on Boeing & Services Gains as US Stocks Ride Oil Bounce October 10 Market Close: GovCon Index Lifted on Boeing & Services Gains as US Stocks Ride Oil Bounce Ross Wilkers October 10, 2016 Financial Report, News 1,614 Views Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index returned above the 80-point barrier Monday on strong gains by Boeing (NYSE: BA) and services-oriented companies as energy shares led U.S. stocks higher in conjunction with a rise in crude oil prices. GovCon Index gainers outnumbered laggers at a 6-to-1 ratio but five of its 11 S&P 500 components rose with Boeing the top net performer in both the GCI overall and for co-listed stocks. Services contractors Maximus (NYSE: MMS), Science Applications International Corp. (NYSE: SAIC) and CACI International (NYSE: CACI) helped lift the GCI along with Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC). Huntington Ingalls Industries (NYSE: HII) and Rockwell Collins (NYSE: COL) both posted gains of at least $1.00 to join the GCI’s top five net performers listed above as advancers by at least one full point. Honeywell International (NYSE: HON) ended fifth-lowest on both net and percentage as the stock posted a second consecutive session with high volatility since the conglomerate on Friday issued revised third quarter earnings guidance below Wall Street forecasts. Shares in Honeywell are down 7.62 percent over two days and the stock traded at a Monday volume three-fold over the three-month average at 8.38 million shares. All of the GCI’s five worst net performers are S&P 500-listed companies with General Dynamics (NYSE: GD) also a decliner. Energy shares led nine out of 11 S&P 500 sectors higher as crude futures in New York settled up 3.1 percent to $51.35 per barrel after Russian President Vladmir Putin said it was ready to join OPEC countries in an output cut, according to Reuters. Market Summary Index Value Net Change % Change GovCon Index 80.265 +0.406 +0.508% S&P 500 2,163.66 +9.92 +0.46% Dow Jones Industrial Average 18,329.04 +88.55 +0.49% NASDAQ 5,328.67 +36.27 +0.69% Advancing GovCon Index Issues 21 Declining GovCon Index Issues 8 Unchanged GovCon Index Issues 1 Top GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▴ % Change BA Boeing * 135.84 +1.99 +1.49% MMS Maximus 56.14 +1.54 +2.82% SAIC SAIC 70.10 +1.39 +2.02% CACI CACI International 102.56 +1.19 +1.17% NOC Northrop Grumman * 216.62 +1.19 +0.55% Top GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▴ NAV Navistar International 23.28 +0.65 +2.87% MMS Maximus 56.14 +1.54 +2.82% MANT ManTech International 39.55 +0.90 +2.33% SAIC SAIC 70.10 +1.39 +2.02% BA Boeing * 135.84 +1.99 +1.49% Lowest GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▾ % Change LLL L-3 Communications * 151.05 -0.55 -0.36% MCK McKesson Corp. * 165.33 -0.49 -0.30% LMT Lockheed Martin * 233.29 -0.24 -0.10% HRS Harris Corp. * 92.45 -0.17 -0.18% HON Honeywell International * 106.80 -0.14 -0.13% Lowest GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▾ LLL L-3 Communications * 151.05 -0.55 -0.36% MCK McKesson Corp. * 165.33 -0.49 -0.30% LDOS Leidos Holdings 41.96 -0.11 -0.26% HRS Harris Corp. * 92.45 -0.17 -0.18% HON Honeywell International * 106.80 -0.14 -0.13% Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ba Boeing CACI col earnings energy featured financial report GD General Dynamics govcon GovCon Index hon Honeywell Maximus mms noc Northrop oil Rockwell Collins Russia S&P 500 SAIC stocks Vladmir Putin wall street Related Articles November 11 Market Close: GovCon Index Adds 11.2 % on the Week to Close at a Record High November 11, 2016 Weekly Roundup November 7 – November 11, 2016: Election Results Significantly Impact Markets November 11, 2016 NASA Selects 9 Companies to Support Johnson Space Center’s Flight Operations Directorate November 11, 2016 Check Also Federal Market Vet LaMont Wells Joins AECOM as Business Devt EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments LaMont Wells, formerly president and chairman of the board of directors at Technology Management Associates, … Motorola Solutions Closes Spillman Technologies Buy; Bruce Brda Comments Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI) has completed its purchase of Spillman Technologies, which will be part … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags November 11 Market Close: GovCon Index Adds 11.2 % on the Week to Close at a Record High November 11, 2016 Weekly Roundup November 7 – November 11, 2016: Election Results Significantly Impact Markets November 11, 2016 Lockheed’s Marillyn Hewson: Sustained Investment, Interoperability & Talent Key to NATO’s Tech Edge November 11, 2016 Boeing, DISA Collaborate on Confidential Military Communications Device November 11, 2016 Jacobs to Provide Infrastructure Services for Australia’s Transportation Network Project November 11, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 8,879 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,382 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,196 IBM to Build Army Private Cloud Facility Under $62M Task Order October 17, 2016 2,524 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,283 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news General Dynamics financial report SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force press release DOD U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments SAIC Appoints Charles Mathis as EVP, CFO; Tony Moraco Comments Amazon Web Services’ Teresa Carlson Receives 2016 Greater Washington GovCon Executive of the Year Award Boeing to Develop, Manufacture F-15 Electronic Warfare System Under $479M USAF Contract ManTech International CFO Kevin Phillips Promoted to President, COO @Follow Me November 11 Market Close: GovCon Index Adds 11.2 % on the Week to Close at a Record High https://t.co/pQrAjhdLVR #GovConIndex #MantechInc.2016/11/11 Weekly Roundup November 7 – November 11, 2016: Election Results Significantly Impact Markets https://t.co/UgvCPL8tBq #aecom #BCPartners2016/11/11 Lockheed’s Marillyn Hewson: Sustained Investment, Interoperability & Talent Key to NA https://t.co/TBGITlJ0KP #ExecutiveMosaic #ExecutiveBiz2016/11/11 Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Home Earnings Finance Global Markets About Us Privacy Policy Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Yankee Analysts Home Earnings Finance Global Markets About Us Privacy Policy European Commission Seeks Clarification on Yahoo! Email Scanning Kristina Carr - November 11, 2016 0 Catabasis Pharmaceuticals Reports Narrower Q3 Loss Vs. Street Greg Mitchell - November 11, 2016 0 Bonds Add to Losses Following Final Poor Auction Greg Mitchell - November 10, 2016 0 USD/JPY Tests 105.00 on Stock Market Gains Brian Maguire - November 8, 2016 0 Dollar Maintains Gains on Clinton-Bump Brian Maguire - November 7, 2016 0 Micro Cap European Commission Seeks Clarification on Yahoo! Email Scanning Kristina Carr - November 11, 2016 0 Yahoo! shares were inching higher Friday as Reuters cited European Commission spokesman Christian Wigand as saying regulators are asking U.S. authorities for clarifications on... Catabasis Pharmaceuticals Reports Narrower Q3 Loss Vs. Street November 11, 2016 Bonds Add to Losses Following Final Poor Auction November 10, 2016 USD/JPY Tests 105.00 on Stock Market Gains November 8, 2016 Dollar Maintains Gains on Clinton-Bump November 7, 2016 Latest Stories Sanofi Says Study With Toujeo Diabetes Drug Shows Advantages Over Insulin... Nick Reardon - November 11, 2016 0 Sanofi said Friday that a pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (PK/PD) study with its Toujeo drug for type 1 diabetes showed a more stable profile compared with insulin... J P Morgan Chase Hits Record High on Banking Rally Nick Reardon - November 10, 2016 0 Shares of J P Morgan set a record high on Wednesday with recent gains in the entire banking sector attributed to widespread speculation Donald... Equity Benchmarks Close Higher as Banks, Mining Stocks Continue to Rally November 8, 2016 Consumer Stocks Enjoying Outsized Rebound November 7, 2016 Moderate Gains for Financial Stocks Today November 3, 2016 Latest Netflix Up More Than 3% October 5, 2016 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Closes Fast-Casual Prototypes as Part of “Strategic... October 5, 2016 Oil Prices Surge on Fifth Straight Week of Falling Inventories October 5, 2016 Deutsche Bank Needs to Show Business Model Is Viable in Low... October 5, 2016 Tenax Therapeutics Slumps 8% October 5, 2016 © All Rights Reserved YankeeAnalysts.com
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing's Rising Cash Flow Story Is Intact A handful of Wall Street analysts think that Boeing's cash flow has peaked -- but they're almost certainly wrong. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Oct 10, 2016 at 1:10PM In recent years, Boeing (NYSE:BA) has touted its rising cash flow to investors as a key factor that will drive its stock price higher over time. Most Wall Street analysts seem to buy into that story -- at least somewhat. A majority of the analysts following Boeing stock give it a buy rating (or the equivalent), while the average price target is more than 10% ahead of the current stock price. However, a vocal minority of Boeing analysts are skeptical. For example, analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, and RBC Capital Markets have all theorized that Boeing's cash flow is headed down, not up. Boeing does face significant challenges on the horizon. Nevertheless, these dour forecasts are too pessimistic. Rising production of the stalwart 737 and the improving profitability of the 787 Dreamliner will drive cash flow higher over the next several years. Steady growth for the 737 Boeing has a massive backlog of more than 4,300 orders for its 737 jet. Today, it is building 42 per month -- about 500 per year -- but Boeing plans to accelerate production to 47 per month in 2017, 52 per month in 2018, and 57 per month in 2019. Even at that increased rate, Boeing would have enough orders to support more than six years of production. Boeing is boosting 737 production to meet strong demand. Image source: Boeing. Increasing 737 production should drive steady cash flow growth over the next few years. During this period, Boeing will also transition from building the current-generation 737 to producing the more fuel-efficient 737 MAX. That should also be positive for profitability and cash flow. All told, cash flow from the 737 program (before taxes) could rise by about $2 billion from 2016 to 2020. The 787 will become a cash cow An even bigger source of cash flow growth is the 787. Cash flow for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner program is likely to be slightly better than breakeven for 2016. However, annual Dreamliner program profitability has been rising by nearly $2 billion a year recently. Program profitability will continue increasing, driven by improved pricing, a mix shift toward more profitable models, step-downs in supplier pricing, and Boeing's own cost-cutting efforts. Most of the projected improvements are covered by firm contracts -- they aren't just the product of unrealistic assumptions by Boeing managers. Boeing expects to recover more than $31 billion of deferred costs for the 787 program over the next six years. That means producing more than $31 billion of pre-tax cash flow during that period. Most Boeing bears doubt that that Dreamliner profitability will improve so dramatically. But even if Boeing's targets are too aggressive, the 787 program should be able to churn out at least $5 billion of pre-tax cash flow annually by 2020, up from less than $1 billion in 2016. Looking across the rest of Boeing Aside from the 737 and 787 programs, it's likely that Boeing's cash flow will decline over the next few years. The defense business is relatively stable, particularly now that new orders from the Middle East will allow Boeing to keep producing fighter jets into the 2020s. However, the defense business isn't likely to post meaningful growth in the foreseeable future. As for Boeing's other commercial programs, rising production of the venerable 767 -- largely to supply airframes for the KC-46 Pegasus military tanker -- will offset the financial drag from the 747 jumbo-jet program, which faces plummeting demand. On the other hand, the upcoming 777 model transition does represent a significant cash flow headwind. Falling 777 production represents a major cash flow headwind for Boeing. Image source: Boeing. Right now, the 777 is a huge cash cow, driving a disproportionate amount of Boeing's profit. On a pre-tax basis, the 777 could produce as much as $4 billion in cash flow this year. Boeing will slash 777 production by more than 15% next year. By 2018, actual delivery rates will fall by a third, as Boeing starts building the upgraded 777X on the same assembly line. Those 777Xs aren't scheduled for delivery until 2020 and beyond. Between the slowdown in deliveries and the costs of introducing the 777X, the 777 program's cash flow will fall by more than half by 2018. It will start to recover in 2020, though, with the pace of improvement depending largely on whether Boeing runs into unexpected trouble with building the 777X. Plenty of room for cash flow growth Even though the 777 program's cash flow is going to plummet over the next two years, Boeing is still on pace for significant cash flow growth between now and 2019. Simply put, rising cash flow from the 737 and 787 programs will more than offset the headwind from the 777. Looking to 2020 and beyond, Boeing's cash flow could rise further, as the 737 and 787 will continue to churn out strong cash flow while 777 cash profitability will start to recover. Boeing intends to return virtually all of its free cash flow to its shareholders. As investors reap the reward of Boeing's rising cash flow, Boeing shares are likely to move much higher. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool recommends Bank of America. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Oct 10, 2016 at 1:10PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $148.52 up $0.83 (0.56%) Read More Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet 5 Highlights From Boeing Co.'s Q2 Earnings Call 5 Things Boeing Co. Management Wants You to Know Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News Boeing, Qatar Airways strike potential $18.6 billion plane sale The airline bought 30 787-9 Dreamliners and other aircraft from Boeing. By Ed Adamczyk   |   Oct. 10, 2016 at 12:20 PM Follow @upi Comments SEATTLE, Oct. 10 (UPI) -- Boeing Corp. announced Qatar Airways will purchase up to $18.6 billion of its wide-body aircraft, among the largest orders in the manufacturer's history. In the largest order ever placed by Qatar Airways, it agreed to purchase 30 787-9 Dreamliners and 10 777-300 ER planes, the long-fuselage version of the 777, with total list prices of $11.7 billion; it also arranged an option to buy 60 737 MAX 8 planes, the long-fuselage variant of the Boeing 737 readied for service in 2017, for $6.9 billion at list prices. The sale comes at a time when orders for wide-body planes have decreased, and Qatar Airways, Qatar's state-owned carrier, has been frustrated by delivery and engine problems of Airbus, Boeing's major competitor. Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker has described his company's relationship as "strained." Al Baker said the deal had no connection to the approval of the sale of Boeing-made F-15 fighter planes to Qatar. It was suggested the passenger aircraft deal was delayed until there were assurances Congress would approve the sale of the F-15s, the BBC reported. "We don't relate anything to anything," Al Baker said Friday in reference to the connection. "Nothing is attached to anything." Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories BAE, Boeing receive Trident missile contracts Boeing rolls out first P-8A Poseidon for Australia Boeing gets $81 million Harpoon missile contract modification Comments Latest Headlines New emissions scandal linked to Audi gasoline models 8 hours ago NEW YORK, Nov. 13 (UPI) -- A new class action suit claims Audi used emission defeat devices in at least six of its V6 gasoline engines, expanding Volkswagen's emissions fraud woes. Toyota to pay $3.4 billion to settle premature rusting lawsuits 1 day ago LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12 (UPI) -- Japanese automaker Toyota agreed to a $3.4 billion settlement after metal body frames on its pickups and SUVs were found to lack sufficient rust protection. Depth of Trump empire poses unprecedented conflicts of interest, experts say 2 days ago NEW YORK, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- Having a billionaire in the White House may have economic advantages, but a president with so many diverse business dealings also raises its share of red flags. Renewed optimism for Trump pushes Dow to new record, best week since 2011 2 days ago NEW YORK, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- Wall Street continued its Trump-inspired rally Friday by posting another record for the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which fueled its best week in five years. GrubHub CEO backtracks after anti-Donald Trump email 2 days ago CHICAGO, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- The CEO of online food-ordering service GrubHub Inc. clarified comments in which he objected to comments by President-elect Donald Trump. Zuckerberg: Idea that 'fake news' on Facebook turned the election is 'crazy' 2 days ago HALF MOON BAY , Calif., Nov. 11 (UPI) -- Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg rejected the idea that "fake" news stories on Facebook my have contributed to the election of Donald Trump as president. Oil prices sharply lower on OPEC production 2 days ago NEW YORK, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- A reported increase in production from OPEC and an assessment of a standstill global economy sent crude oil prices sharply lower in early Friday trading. Mixed support for Trump's potential energy policies 2 days ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- Greenpeace said it was concerned climate policy under President-elect Donald Trump will have a 'drill, baby, drill' mentality, but an energy group sang praises. Russia's third-generation Ratnik combat gear to feature exoskeleton 2 days ago Russian designers are to present the third-generation Ratnik ("Warrior") combat gear to the world in seven years. Israel's Delek examines offshore Canada 2 days ago TEL AVIV, Israel, Nov. 11 (UPI) -- Israeli conglomerate Delek Group confirmed it secured the rights to explore for reserves in the deep waters off the coast of Newfoundland. Trending Stories Toyota to pay $3.4 billion to settle premature rusting lawsuits Russia's third-generation Ratnik combat gear to feature exoskeleton New emissions scandal linked to Audi gasoline models UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Coverage of Disruptive Science and Technology Forum About Contact Facebook twitter Google October 09, 2016 Carnival of Space 478 astronomy, carnival of space, launch, science, space, spacex Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit 1. Brown Spaceman - How direct fusion drive will revolutionize space travel Direct Fusion Drive (DFD) has made lots of headway recently as it’s demonstrated huge benefits for spaceflight and exploration. This is the Princeton Satellite systems work and not the John Slough direct drive fusion work. Princeton satellite system DFD is a fusion reactor that is 2 meter in diameter and a 10 meter long device. It’s heated by a novel radio frequency (RF) plasma-heating system, enabling high plasma temperatures for D-³He fusion reactions². Travel 70 km/s vs. typical spacecraft travels between 20-40 km/s Get to Mars in 3-4 months vs. 9 or Pluto in 4.5 years vs. 9 Help reduce risks for astronauts by less exposure to radiation during as a result of longer time spent in space traveling. Instead of using plutonium-238 as fuel (more risk / controversial) using D-³He or deuterium and helium 3 instead. Much safer. Ability to carry more payload and still fit on existing launch vehicles DFD can transmit data rates of 1 million kbit/s vs. spacecraft like New Horizon’s 1 kbit/s. Power supply is impressive with a 2 million W as a DFD spacecraft arrives to Pluto. 2. Universe Today - What are Cepheid Variables? 3. Universe Today - New Shepard Defies The Odds And Sticks Landing 4. Universe Today - Seeing Double: Jupiter Returns at Dawn 5. Cosmoquest - Citizen Science: What Attracts You? The CosmoQuest blog is requesting assistance in doing some research for NASA. We'd like people who engage in citizen science projects to fill out our short survey discussing what types of projects they'd like to do and what resources they most often use. Please spread the word and help us gather this useful information! Added another 10 NASA press release images to the Lunar nad Planetary Institute Flickr page. Enjoy images of Mars, Ceres, Comet 67P, Titan, and Rhea 6. Blasting News - Boeing challenges Elon Musk's SpaceX to a space race to Mars 7. Blasting News - Iran Space Agency is seeking cooperation agreements with NASA 8. Blasting News - Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin successfully tests New Shepard launch escape system 9. Blasting News - No matter who is elected president, America may be going back to the moon 10. Blasting News - How Barack Obama midwifed the birth of the Space Launch System by accident 11. Blasting News - NASA developing robot miner to help astronauts survive on Mars 12. Blasting News - Elon Musk should colonize the moon instead of Mars 13. Chandra xray space telescope - X-ray Telescopes Find Evidence for Wandering Black Hole 14. Digital Science - Women in Astronomy & Computer Science: There's Still Work to do 15. Planetaria - Goodbye, Murray Buttes: Curiosity rover continues journey in next phase of extended mission 16. Nextbigfuture - The Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope (WFIRST) is a future infrared space observatory. On February 17, 2016, WFIRST was formally designated as a mission by NASA. In fiscal year 2014, Congress provided $56 million for WFIRST, and in 2015 Congress provided $50 million.The fiscal year 2016 spending bill provided $90 million for WFIRST. The WFIRST mission entered the ""formulation phase"" in February 2016. WFIRST is on a plan for a mid-2020s launch. The total cost of WFIRST is expected at more than $2 billion; NASA's latest estimate is around $2.0 billion in 2010 dollars, which corresponds to around $2.7 billion in real year (inflation-adjusted) dollars. WFIRST will use gravitational microlensing to find exoplanets down to a mass ten times less than the Earth 17. Most of the stars and planets in the universe are outside solar systems and in between galaxies. Many galaxies, stars, planets and objects have remained unseen. As many as half of all stars in the universe lie in the vast gulfs of space between galaxies, an unexpected discovery made in a new study using NASA rockets. These stars could help solve mysteries regarding missing light and particles that theory had suggested should exist, scientists say. The stars were ejected from their birthplaces by galaxy collisions or mergers. Some estimations suggest up to 100,000 times more rogue planets than stars in the Milky Way. 18. Boeing fears Spacex Raptor engine - CEO vows to put humans on Mars before Spacex but needs over $60 billion for Space Launch System. Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg sees a commercial space-travel market with dozens of destinations orbiting the Earth and hypersonic aircraft shuttling travelers between continents in two hours or less. And Boeing intends to be a key player in the initial push to send humans to Mars, maybe even beating Musk to his long-time goal. “I’m convinced the first person to step foot on Mars will arrive there riding a Boeing rocket,” Muilenburg said at the Chicago event on innovation, which was sponsored by the Atlantic magazine. 19. Nextbigfuture - Spacex and Elon Musk are developing the Interplanetary Transport System, the Raptor engine and the Falcon Heavy on spec. Spacex is mostly self-funding the initial development of those systems. Elon Musk is spending tens of millions per year on developing his Mars colonization plans and the hardware for it. This will scale up to $200-300 million per year by 2018 or so. Space Launch System received $2 billion in the latest fiscal year 2016 annual budget. Raptor-engined Spacex Heavy will crush the Space Launch System The SLS has gotten US$9.8 billion (2011-16) and will get over $40 billion until 2025) The Block 1 SLS which hopes to have a first mission in 2018 can lift 70 tons to low earth orbit. A Block 1B SLS plans to be able to launch about 100 tons to low earth orbit around 2022. A Falcon Heavy has 27 Merlin 1D engines and lift 54.4 tons into low earth orbit. A Raptor Heavy that used 12 Raptor engines would have three times the lifting capacity of a Falcon Heavy. 20. Nextbigfuture - A star known by the unassuming name of KIC 8462852 in the constellation Cygnus has been raising eyebrows both in and outside of the scientific community for the past year. In 2015 a team of astronomers announced that the star underwent a series of very brief, non-periodic dimming events while it was being monitored by NASA’s Kepler space telescope, and no one could quite figure out what caused them. A new study from Carnegie’s Josh Simon and Caltech’s Ben Montet has deepened the mystery. These observations have gotten intense interest because one possibility is that it could be evidence of a mega-advanced alien civilization 21. Here at Links through Space we introduce a series of 7 articles on the Age of Astronomy. This series focuses on tangible evidence such as relics, artifacts, astronomical alignments and star maps that establishes the age of Astronomy. Follow our Ancient Astronomy Series: THE AGE OF ASTRONOMY. Read the posts and find out the true age of astronomy. 5/7: Astronomical References: The Scarab and the Dung Beetle. 1813BC. 22. Nextbigfuture - Drum rolled Carbon fiber tethers five times stronger than Kevlar and a Mach 8 spaceplane can place payloads into orbit at super low cost Author: brian wang on 10/09/2016 Facebook Twitter linkedin google Reddit Newer Post Older Post Home Форма для связи Name Email * Message * Archive ▼  2016 (1970) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (6) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (60) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (64) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (52) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (60) ▼  10/09 - 10/16 (42) Virgin Galactic's sub-orbital tourism is a step to... F-35s will have faulty insulation fixed but still ... Perhaps a trillion trillion stars Tesla Could Double the Size of Fremont Factory and... Hyperloop One in talks to connect Russia and China... First two generation 3+ nuclear reactors will be o... US Army testing self driving supply trucks Orbital Antares rocket on launch pad and ready for... Structured light and quantum dot film let flying d... CRISPR gene editing corrects sickle cells in a mou... Low energy terahertz radiation could reset compute... Great Wall trailer Third trailer for Star Wars Rogue One Foxconn reaches 40,000 robots of original 1 millio... The Observable Universe has 2 trillion galaxies wh... US Navy Secretary says Ford aircraft carrier is a ... Next week the Philippines could basically give up ... Yemen is another new war for the USA which brings ... Injectable Wires can prod individual brain cells a... Tennessee develop mach 4 wind tunnel and then upgr... John Wick 2 trailer and Doctor Strange Universes W... Soybean nitrogen breakthrough could nearly double ... US sending THAAD anti-missiles to South Korea and ... Japan making progress with domestic stealth fighte... Flyt Aerospace seeks to use multiple drone engines... Beyond Exaflop supercomputers will require new mat... China stabilizes GDP growth at about 6.5-7% Dwarf planet detected three times farther than Plu... Carnival of Nuclear Energy 329 President Obama declares goal of sending humans to... Possible extraterrestrial intelligence evidence - ... Pulse-radio technology design for 1-terabit wirele... Update on the Liquid Fluoride Thorium Reactor proj... Spherical shell laser sail would simplify interste... Vertical takeoff and landing boxwing planes capabl... Bitcoin like security will soon guard US nuclear w... Private Space telescope seeks to directly image ea... World Energy Scenarios to 2060 Editing the Epigenome in Mammals Race to Quantum Computing Supremacy should see def... OPEC will reduce output and Russia will cap oil ou... Carnival of Space 478 ►  10/02 - 10/09 (48) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (49) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (58) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (34) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (44) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (73) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (59) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (55) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (35) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (43) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (65) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (65) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (61) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (46) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (58) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (58) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (50) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (42) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (37) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (37) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (35) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (36) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (28) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (33) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (29) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (53) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (20) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (40) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (23) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (32) ►  02/28 - 03/06 (27) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (26) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (37) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (42) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (32) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (28) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (36) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (33) ►  2015 (1921) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (51) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (33) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (26) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (37) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (38) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (49) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (33) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (40) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (43) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (48) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (40) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (42) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (39) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (28) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (38) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (31) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (38) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (41) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (42) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (41) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (39) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (35) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (35) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (42) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (43) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (46) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (21) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (42) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (29) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (29) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (33) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (51) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (44) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (28) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (34) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (33) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (32) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (24) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (34) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (28) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (42) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (38) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (33) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (28) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (36) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (25) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (34) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (49) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (45) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (43) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (43) ►  2014 (1818) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (27) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (32) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (39) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (46) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (44) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (21) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (42) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (40) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (35) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (49) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (37) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (38) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (34) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (37) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (37) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (39) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (34) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (34) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (30) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (44) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (44) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (34) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (34) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (23) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (21) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (37) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (17) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (38) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (32) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (34) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (43) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (32) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (34) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (34) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (28) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (30) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (40) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (32) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (41) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (41) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (18) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (32) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (32) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (35) ►  02/23 - 03/02 (32) ►  02/16 - 02/23 (26) ►  02/09 - 02/16 (36) ►  02/02 - 02/09 (29) ►  01/26 - 02/02 (35) ►  01/19 - 01/26 (43) ►  01/12 - 01/19 (46) ►  01/05 - 01/12 (46) ►  2013 (2117) ►  12/29 - 01/05 (50) ►  12/22 - 12/29 (31) ►  12/15 - 12/22 (47) ►  12/08 - 12/15 (44) ►  12/01 - 12/08 (57) ►  11/24 - 12/01 (51) ►  11/17 - 11/24 (46) ►  11/10 - 11/17 (39) ►  11/03 - 11/10 (48) ►  10/27 - 11/03 (53) ►  10/20 - 10/27 (48) ►  10/13 - 10/20 (37) ►  10/06 - 10/13 (52) ►  09/29 - 10/06 (51) ►  09/22 - 09/29 (39) ►  09/15 - 09/22 (44) ►  09/08 - 09/15 (38) ►  09/01 - 09/08 (38) ►  08/25 - 09/01 (56) ►  08/18 - 08/25 (43) ►  08/11 - 08/18 (40) ►  08/04 - 08/11 (54) ►  07/28 - 08/04 (52) ►  07/21 - 07/28 (25) ►  07/14 - 07/21 (28) ►  07/07 - 07/14 (31) ►  06/30 - 07/07 (29) ►  06/23 - 06/30 (29) ►  06/16 - 06/23 (35) ►  06/09 - 06/16 (41) ►  06/02 - 06/09 (39) ►  05/26 - 06/02 (34) ►  05/19 - 05/26 (49) ►  05/12 - 05/19 (37) ►  05/05 - 05/12 (48) ►  04/28 - 05/05 (37) ►  04/21 - 04/28 (44) ►  04/14 - 04/21 (39) ►  04/07 - 04/14 (33) ►  03/31 - 04/07 (37) ►  03/24 - 03/31 (37) ►  03/17 - 03/24 (36) ►  03/10 - 03/17 (37) ►  03/03 - 03/10 (52) ►  02/24 - 03/03 (40) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (35) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (27) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (34) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (36) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (32) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (27) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (51) ►  2012 (2728) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (29) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (34) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (45) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (41) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (51) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (39) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (63) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (50) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (60) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (40) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (39) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (51) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (50) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (37) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (44) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (38) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (41) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (52) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (45) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (44) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (52) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (53) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (53) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (46) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (39) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (53) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (48) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (51) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (57) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (54) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (48) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (51) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (62) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (45) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (54) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (59) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (68) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (54) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (54) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (70) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (74) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (65) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (63) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (71) ►  02/26 - 03/04 (57) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (58) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (38) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (54) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (50) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (60) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (62) ►  01/08 - 01/15 (52) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (60) ►  2011 (3141) ►  12/25 - 01/01 (35) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (53) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (58) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (77) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (78) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (67) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (76) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (70) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (44) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (62) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (54) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (58) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (65) ►  09/25 - 10/02 (63) ►  09/18 - 09/25 (57) ►  09/11 - 09/18 (57) ►  09/04 - 09/11 (60) ►  08/28 - 09/04 (70) ►  08/21 - 08/28 (47) ►  08/14 - 08/21 (46) ►  08/07 - 08/14 (42) ►  07/31 - 08/07 (51) ►  07/24 - 07/31 (46) ►  07/17 - 07/24 (45) ►  07/10 - 07/17 (54) ►  07/03 - 07/10 (71) ►  06/26 - 07/03 (54) ►  06/19 - 06/26 (70) ►  06/12 - 06/19 (51) ►  06/05 - 06/12 (57) ►  05/29 - 06/05 (32) ►  05/22 - 05/29 (60) ►  05/15 - 05/22 (69) ►  05/08 - 05/15 (52) ►  05/01 - 05/08 (71) ►  04/24 - 05/01 (52) ►  04/17 - 04/24 (58) ►  04/10 - 04/17 (67) ►  04/03 - 04/10 (69) ►  03/27 - 04/03 (75) ►  03/20 - 03/27 (70) ►  03/13 - 03/20 (89) ►  03/06 - 03/13 (65) ►  02/27 - 03/06 (68) ►  02/20 - 02/27 (55) ►  02/13 - 02/20 (57) ►  02/06 - 02/13 (50) ►  01/30 - 02/06 (79) ►  01/23 - 01/30 (73) ►  01/16 - 01/23 (65) ►  01/09 - 01/16 (70) ►  01/02 - 01/09 (57) ►  2010 (2288) ►  12/26 - 01/02 (24) ►  12/19 - 12/26 (41) ►  12/12 - 12/19 (59) ►  12/05 - 12/12 (53) ►  11/28 - 12/05 (61) ►  11/21 - 11/28 (55) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (46) ►  11/07 - 11/14 (54) ►  10/31 - 11/07 (48) ►  10/24 - 10/31 (60) ►  10/17 - 10/24 (38) ►  10/10 - 10/17 (40) ►  10/03 - 10/10 (39) ►  09/26 - 10/03 (47) ►  09/19 - 09/26 (45) ►  09/12 - 09/19 (39) ►  09/05 - 09/12 (50) ►  08/29 - 09/05 (61) ►  08/22 - 08/29 (50) ►  08/15 - 08/22 (44) ►  08/08 - 08/15 (56) ►  08/01 - 08/08 (57) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (42) ►  07/18 - 07/25 (37) ►  07/11 - 07/18 (29) ►  07/04 - 07/11 (40) ►  06/27 - 07/04 (33) ►  06/20 - 06/27 (44) ►  06/13 - 06/20 (45) ►  06/06 - 06/13 (48) ►  05/30 - 06/06 (30) ►  05/23 - 05/30 (40) ►  05/16 - 05/23 (43) ►  05/09 - 05/16 (43) ►  05/02 - 05/09 (38) ►  04/25 - 05/02 (44) ►  04/18 - 04/25 (40) ►  04/11 - 04/18 (34) ►  04/04 - 04/11 (43) ►  03/28 - 04/04 (40) ►  03/21 - 03/28 (40) ►  03/14 - 03/21 (44) ►  03/07 - 03/14 (36) ►  02/28 - 03/07 (46) ►  02/21 - 02/28 (43) ►  02/14 - 02/21 (38) ►  02/07 - 02/14 (53) ►  01/31 - 02/07 (42) ►  01/24 - 01/31 (33) ►  01/17 - 01/24 (41) ►  01/10 - 01/17 (41) ►  01/03 - 01/10 (51) ►  2009 (1346) ►  12/27 - 01/03 (22) ►  12/20 - 12/27 (32) ►  12/13 - 12/20 (33) ►  12/06 - 12/13 (39) ►  11/29 - 12/06 (42) ►  11/22 - 11/29 (29) ►  11/15 - 11/22 (42) ►  11/08 - 11/15 (35) ►  11/01 - 11/08 (30) ►  10/25 - 11/01 (34) ►  10/18 - 10/25 (36) ►  10/11 - 10/18 (38) ►  10/04 - 10/11 (38) ►  09/27 - 10/04 (36) ►  09/20 - 09/27 (31) ►  09/13 - 09/20 (28) ►  09/06 - 09/13 (27) ►  08/30 - 09/06 (25) ►  08/23 - 08/30 (18) ►  08/16 - 08/23 (24) ►  08/09 - 08/16 (26) ►  08/02 - 08/09 (28) ►  07/26 - 08/02 (33) ►  07/19 - 07/26 (21) ►  07/12 - 07/19 (14) ►  07/05 - 07/12 (15) ►  06/28 - 07/05 (14) ►  06/21 - 06/28 (25) ►  06/14 - 06/21 (33) ►  06/07 - 06/14 (19) ►  05/31 - 06/07 (28) ►  05/24 - 05/31 (18) ►  05/17 - 05/24 (14) ►  05/10 - 05/17 (20) ►  05/03 - 05/10 (15) ►  04/26 - 05/03 (24) ►  04/19 - 04/26 (18) ►  04/12 - 04/19 (26) ►  04/05 - 04/12 (19) ►  03/29 - 04/05 (16) ►  03/22 - 03/29 (17) ►  03/15 - 03/22 (25) ►  03/08 - 03/15 (30) ►  03/01 - 03/08 (21) ►  02/22 - 03/01 (21) ►  02/15 - 02/22 (24) ►  02/08 - 02/15 (30) ►  02/01 - 02/08 (29) ►  01/25 - 02/01 (18) ►  01/18 - 01/25 (21) ►  01/11 - 01/18 (27) ►  01/04 - 01/11 (18) ►  2008 (857) ►  12/28 - 01/04 (6) ►  12/21 - 12/28 (6) ►  12/14 - 12/21 (17) ►  12/07 - 12/14 (12) ►  11/30 - 12/07 (12) ►  11/23 - 11/30 (4) ►  11/16 - 11/23 (14) ►  11/09 - 11/16 (16) ►  11/02 - 11/09 (15) ►  10/26 - 11/02 (12) ►  10/19 - 10/26 (15) ►  10/12 - 10/19 (13) ►  10/05 - 10/12 (12) ►  09/28 - 10/05 (23) ►  09/21 - 09/28 (12) ►  09/14 - 09/21 (18) ►  09/07 - 09/14 (21) ►  08/31 - 09/07 (22) ►  08/24 - 08/31 (27) ►  08/17 - 08/24 (19) ►  08/10 - 08/17 (26) ►  08/03 - 08/10 (22) ►  07/27 - 08/03 (24) ►  07/20 - 07/27 (18) ►  07/13 - 07/20 (14) ►  07/06 - 07/13 (28) ►  06/29 - 07/06 (14) ►  06/22 - 06/29 (24) ►  06/15 - 06/22 (14) ►  06/08 - 06/15 (18) ►  06/01 - 06/08 (22) ►  05/25 - 06/01 (9) ►  05/18 - 05/25 (15) ►  05/11 - 05/18 (7) ►  05/04 - 05/11 (10) ►  04/27 - 05/04 (12) ►  04/20 - 04/27 (19) ►  04/13 - 04/20 (19) ►  04/06 - 04/13 (20) ►  03/30 - 04/06 (13) ►  03/23 - 03/30 (14) ►  03/16 - 03/23 (25) ►  03/09 - 03/16 (13) ►  03/02 - 03/09 (19) ►  02/24 - 03/02 (12) ►  02/17 - 02/24 (10) ►  02/10 - 02/17 (20) ►  02/03 - 02/10 (16) ►  01/27 - 02/03 (20) ►  01/20 - 01/27 (21) ►  01/13 - 01/20 (21) ►  01/06 - 01/13 (22) ►  2007 (954) ►  12/30 - 01/06 (10) ►  12/23 - 12/30 (12) ►  12/16 - 12/23 (21) ►  12/09 - 12/16 (16) ►  12/02 - 12/09 (12) ►  11/25 - 12/02 (24) ►  11/18 - 11/25 (17) ►  11/11 - 11/18 (29) ►  11/04 - 11/11 (20) ►  10/28 - 11/04 (14) ►  10/21 - 10/28 (20) ►  10/14 - 10/21 (26) ►  10/07 - 10/14 (27) ►  09/30 - 10/07 (18) ►  09/23 - 09/30 (14) ►  09/16 - 09/23 (26) ►  09/09 - 09/16 (14) ►  09/02 - 09/09 (1) ►  08/26 - 09/02 (12) ►  08/19 - 08/26 (13) ►  08/12 - 08/19 (11) ►  08/05 - 08/12 (6) ►  07/29 - 08/05 (10) ►  07/22 - 07/29 (32) ►  07/15 - 07/22 (11) ►  07/08 - 07/15 (19) ►  07/01 - 07/08 (9) ►  06/24 - 07/01 (29) ►  06/17 - 06/24 (23) ►  06/10 - 06/17 (21) ►  06/03 - 06/10 (15) ►  05/27 - 06/03 (15) ►  05/20 - 05/27 (24) ►  05/13 - 05/20 (21) ►  05/06 - 05/13 (21) ►  04/29 - 05/06 (33) ►  04/22 - 04/29 (20) ►  04/15 - 04/22 (24) ►  04/08 - 04/15 (15) ►  04/01 - 04/08 (17) ►  03/25 - 04/01 (19) ►  03/18 - 03/25 (18) ►  03/11 - 03/18 (14) ►  03/04 - 03/11 (12) ►  02/25 - 03/04 (26) ►  02/18 - 02/25 (20) ►  02/11 - 02/18 (21) ►  02/04 - 02/11 (19) ►  01/28 - 02/04 (15) ►  01/21 - 01/28 (19) ►  01/14 - 01/21 (30) ►  01/07 - 01/14 (19) ►  2006 (824) ►  12/31 - 01/07 (23) ►  12/24 - 12/31 (2) ►  12/17 - 12/24 (12) ►  12/10 - 12/17 (15) ►  12/03 - 12/10 (21) ►  11/26 - 12/03 (11) ►  11/19 - 11/26 (25) ►  11/12 - 11/19 (20) ►  11/05 - 11/12 (9) ►  10/29 - 11/05 (19) ►  10/22 - 10/29 (16) ►  10/15 - 10/22 (21) ►  10/08 - 10/15 (13) ►  10/01 - 10/08 (17) ►  09/24 - 10/01 (27) ►  09/17 - 09/24 (15) ►  09/10 - 09/17 (20) ►  09/03 - 09/10 (9) ►  08/27 - 09/03 (24) ►  08/20 - 08/27 (15) ►  08/13 - 08/20 (37) ►  08/06 - 08/13 (25) ►  07/30 - 08/06 (20) ►  07/23 - 07/30 (24) ►  07/16 - 07/23 (28) ►  07/02 - 07/09 (4) ►  06/25 - 07/02 (36) ►  06/18 - 06/25 (49) ►  06/11 - 06/18 (44) ►  06/04 - 06/11 (28) ►  05/28 - 06/04 (16) ►  05/21 - 05/28 (12) ►  05/14 - 05/21 (7) ►  05/07 - 05/14 (11) ►  04/23 - 04/30 (6) ►  04/16 - 04/23 (9) ►  04/09 - 04/16 (8) ►  04/02 - 04/09 (19) ►  03/26 - 04/02 (11) ►  03/19 - 03/26 (14) ►  03/12 - 03/19 (21) ►  03/05 - 03/12 (20) ►  02/26 - 03/05 (17) ►  02/19 - 02/26 (6) ►  02/12 - 02/19 (2) ►  02/05 - 02/12 (5) ►  01/29 - 02/05 (4) ►  01/22 - 01/29 (1) ►  01/15 - 01/22 (2) ►  01/01 - 01/08 (4) ►  2005 (59) ►  12/18 - 12/25 (3) ►  12/11 - 12/18 (4) ►  12/04 - 12/11 (5) ►  11/27 - 12/04 (6) ►  11/20 - 11/27 (6) ►  11/13 - 11/20 (6) ►  11/06 - 11/13 (6) ►  10/30 - 11/06 (6) ►  10/23 - 10/30 (1) ►  10/16 - 10/23 (3) ►  10/09 - 10/16 (8) ►  10/02 - 10/09 (5) ►  1999 (2) ►  11/14 - 11/21 (1) ►  07/25 - 08/01 (1) Top sites Oil Price Best of NextbigFuture in 2009 to Week 45 Biosingularity Brian's bio page at the Lifeboat Foundation Build new worlds = Go for Greatness Centauri Dreams Center for Responsible Nanotech Blog Coal is really bad Diamond semiconductors, MNT could break the improvement economic logjam Foresight nanodot Future Pundit Instapundit Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines book online Melanie Swan Futurememes Methuselah foundation blog Molecular nanotechnology search engine Nanotechnology Now Nextbigfuture Flipcard View No nukes means more coal Nuclear Cannon summary Nuclear Green - Charles Barton Quantum computer summary Space and nanotechnology Synthetic biology, DNA/RNA/Protein/self assembly pathway Thorium Energy Thorium, mass produced clean nuclear power Universe Today Blog~nano: Nanoscale Materials Lifeboat foundation blog Nanoparticle drug delivery Community Follow by Email Popular labels future (10397) science (5017) technology (3782) energy (3719) united states (2718) china (2659) world (2629) space (2601) nuclear (2196) physics (2017) economic impact (1928) medicine (1742) materials (1398) military (1374) japan (909) predictions (903) europe (872) robotics (729) russia (700) astronomy (690) nasa (687) oil (661) gadgets (655) gdp (652) environment (620) solar (600) cars (583) economy (577) future weapons (574) disease (573) google (568) launch (567) lasers (553) india (528) fusion (520) airplanes (516) batteries (496) canada (495) life extension (493) darpa (492) propulsion (485) artificial intelligence (482) computers (477) internet (466) public health (464) risks (464) longevity (452) UK (441) policy (440) spacex (432) politics (425) population (425) brain (415) carbon nanotubes (407) navy (399) carnival of space (391) graphene (385) electric cars (378) quantum computer (377) Economics (357) controversial (354) cancer (352) sensors (352) telescope (352) deaths (347) DNA (337) nanotechnology (337) gene therapy (326) smartphone (322) cities (320) qubits (318) uranium (317) enabling technology (315) communication (314) singularity (313) commercialization (309) electronics (305) War (303) transhuman (301) air force (298) stem cells (296) coal (290) antiaging (288) elon musk (282) molecular nanotechnology (280) Mars (273) nanoscale (271) climate change (262) metamaterials (261) carnival of nuclear energy (260) fission (259) wireless (258) superconductor (251) water (242) computer memory (236) poverty (235) UAV (221) asia (219) regeneration (218) air pollution (215) magnets (214) movies (214) dwave (213) geopolitical (213) mit (212) supercomputer (210) hypersonic (209) apple (208) gadget (208) wind (203) moon (194) tissue engineering (192) imaging (191) SENS (190) africa (189) ibm (188) cold fusion (186) food (186) 3d (185) quantum effects (185) intel (183) adiabatic quantum computer (182) army (181) public transportation (181) television (181) additive manufacturing (180) peak oil (180) ships (178) buildings (176) synthetic biology (173) business (172) agriculture (169) wealth (169) cellphone (168) germany (168) displays (166) drones (165) south korea (165) colonization (160) nanoparticles (159) broadband (157) satellites (153) gene sequencing (152) engineering (151) israel (150) DNA nanotechnology (149) lithography (148) thorium (146) natural gas (143) bootstrapping nanotechnology (142) genetic engineering (140) australia (138) personalized medicine (137) computer architecture (135) taiwan (135) education (130) low energy nuclear reactions (130) NIAC (129) superconductors (127) bakken (124) iran (124) korea (123) nvidia (123) weapons (122) north dakota (121) computer (120) exoskeleton (120) aging (119) fiction (119) self assembly (119) dense plasma focus (118) samsung (118) cameras (116) transportation (116) hybrid (115) iphone (115) quantum dots (114) nanowires (112) android (111) france (108) mind computer interface (108) focus fusion (107) machine learning (107) spintronics (107) optical networking (106) sander olson (106) skyscrapers (106) brain emulation (105) thermoelectric (105) microscopes (104) asteroids (103) geopolitics (102) microsoft (101) oceans (101) rossi (101) interviews (100) optical computing (100) proteins (100) room temperature superconductor (100) telescopes (100) futurist (98) singapore (98) cyborg (97) invisible (97) vaccines (97) aircraft (96) mathematics (96) airplane (95) diamond (95) printable electronics (95) tablets (92) exaflop (91) high speed rail (91) biofuels (90) ultracapacitors (90) petaflop (88) terahertz (88) intelligence (87) future weapons (86) molten salt (86) petaflops (86) RNA (85) cognitive enhancement (85) engines (85) iec fusion (84) concentrated solar power (83) manufacturing (82) nanomedicine (81) tablet (81) supercomputers (80) faster than Moore's Law (79) oilsands (79) italy (77) nanomaterials (77) MEMS (76) direct energy weapons (75) quantum annealing (74) virus (74) finance (73) memristors (73) neurons (73) performance enhancement (73) GPGPU (71) cloud computing (71) railgun (71) alzheimer's (70) iraq (70) california (68) rapid manufacturing (68) smartphones (68) plasmonics (67) regenerative medicine (67) saudi arabia (67) global warming (66) silicon photonics (66) submarine (66) nanostructured (65) submarines (64) nanoparticle drug delivery (63) security (63) solar sail (63) speculation (63) tesla (63) transhumanist (61) brazil (60) economies (60) electric planes (60) guided self assembly (60) robots (60) DNA origami (59) deepwater oil (59) mach effect (59) wearable electronics (59) crispr (58) facebook (58) jobs (58) molecular electronics (58) alberta (57) nextbigfuture (57) planetary resources (57) flexible electronics (56) entertainment (55) lab on a chip (55) ocean (55) HP (54) algorithms (54) oil shale (54) ukraine (54) hydro (53) rapid prototyping (53) biomarkers (51) deep learning (51) emdrive (50) lifeboat foundation (50) photonic propulsion (49) radiation (49) gpu (48) quantum computers (48) laser (47) myostatin inhibitors (47) fuel cells (46) mechanical nanotechnology (46) memristor (46) active cloak (45) drexler (45) AMD (44) neuromorphic (44) general fusion (43) mundane singularity (43) Friedlander (42) euv lithography (42) genomics (42) pre-singularity (42) teraflop (42) amazon (41) broad group (41) electric bikes (41) space elevator (41) superlenses (41) wealthy (41) video games (40) holograms (39) mexico (39) nanophotonics (39) star wars (39) exoplanets (38) femtosecond laser (38) genome engineering (38) precursor technology (38) programmable molecular nanotechnology (38) atomically precise manufacturing (37) fish (37) high resolution (37) spaceplane (37) texas (37) zettaflop (37) desalination (36) flash (36) millimeter wireless (36) surveillance (36) 3d. materials (35) blacklight power (35) policies (35) saskatchewan (35) flu (34) indonesia (34) quantum (34) terrorism (34) augmented reality (33) camera (33) gigapixel (33) self driving cars (33) DNA synthesis (32) nanopatterning (32) Project Orion (31) gigabit (31) mitochondria (31) nanoelectronics (31) plasmons (31) fabber (30) xprize (30) diamondoid mechanosynthesis (29) exaflops (29) pollution (29) robot (29) social media (29) MRI (28) diabetes (28) hyperion power generation (28) hyperloop (28) silicon (28) challenges (27) construction (27) drone (27) hunger (27) ocean mining (27) winterberg (27) RNA interference (26) bloodstream robots (26) carbon capture (26) flying car (26) freitas (26) gene synthesis (26) geoengineering (26) gps (26) OLED (25) big data (25) pathway (25) teraflops (25) virtual reality (25) casimir force (24) crowdfunding (24) heartland robotics (24) open source (24) prediction (24) helion energy (23) internet of things (23) nanoimprint (23) robotic (23) roll to roll (23) semiconductor (23) FPGAs (22) computational chemistry (22) electric sail (22) kickstarter (22) superconducting (22) communications (21) cubesat (21) kitegen (21) nanomembranes (21) quantum encryption (21) satellite (21) skyscraper (21) smart grid (21) antimatter (20) lighting (20) parkinson's disease (20) planes (20) sports (20) star trek (20) techonomy (20) brillouin energy (19) contour crafting (19) hong kong (19) medical (19) mobile (19) nanolaser (19) pakistan (19) south america (19) atomic layer deposition (18) biofuel (18) city (18) genetics (18) nanocomposites (18) nanodiamond (18) vietnam (18) zyvex (18) car (17) dna manufacturing (17) ebeam lithography (17) exascale (17) genes (17) nanoribbons (17) syria (17) terabit ethernet (17) urbanization (17) verizon (17) AGI (16) algae (16) electric (16) futurists (16) graphite (16) nems (16) nuclear fusion (16) privacy (16) rapamycin (16) spain (16) spiderfab (16) synthetic life (16) tourism (16) transformation optics (16) transgenic (16) LIDAR (15) antenna (15) defkalion (15) led (15) nanomagnet (15) nanotechnology business (15) nanowire (15) safety (15) seastead (15) solve for x (15) tensilica (15) LPP fusion (14) attosecond laser (14) chemistry (14) commercial (14) cryonics (14) display (14) domes (14) eestor (14) genome (14) liquid fluoride (14) nanoplasmonic (14) power beaming (14) resveratrol (14) sound (14) DNA computers (13) building (13) deep reinforcement learning (13) double lithography (13) epigenetics (13) genescient (13) magnet (13) nanofactory (13) nervous system (13) petrobank (13) telomeres (13) wimax (13) adaptive clinical trials (12) bitcoin (12) cloning (12) cvd (12) nanofibers (12) north korea (12) rejuvenation (12) society (12) south africa (12) space based solar power (12) vaccine (12) video (12) 5g (11) Claytronics (11) UK Ideas Factory (11) bacteria (11) bolonkin (11) crowdsourcing (11) electric car (11) farming (11) gsummit (11) metformin (11) mram (11) nanobots (11) nanorobotics (11) new state of matter (11) phase change material (11) pluto (11) railguns (11) reusable rocket (11) software (11) sony (11) wars (11) RFID (10) femtotech (10) gas (10) geothermal (10) googlex (10) harvesting (10) hyperlenses (10) innovation (10) law enforcement (10) matter (10) moons (10) nanoantenna (10) nanolithography (10) petabyte (10) plasma (10) thermo-photovoltaic cells (10) vision (10) Cnano Technology (9) artificial organs (9) asteroid (9) concrete (9) deep mind (9) egypt (9) ereader (9) graphane (9) lenr (9) movie (9) nanopores (9) ovonic (9) petawatt (9) petrobakken (9) philippines (9) photonics (9) port security (9) renewable (9) sensor (9) terrestrial energy (9) toyota (9) turkey (9) vertical farming (9) DNA nanoarray (8) baidu (8) bigelow (8) bioprinting (8) brains (8) crime (8) electron beam (8) fpga (8) fullerenes (8) funding (8) gbps (8) honda (8) infrastructure (8) kurzweil (8) laptops (8) leap motion (8) nanocomp technologies (8) obesity (8) optogenetics (8) political (8) programmable matter (8) rethink robotics (8) scramjet (8) ASICS (7) ILEMM (7) atomtronics (7) biotechnology (7) cloud (7) computational lithography (7) cryocooling (7) databases (7) ebola (7) ecat (7) electricity (7) engine (7) exoplanet (7) exosuit (7) google loon (7) history (7) hypertelescope (7) meat factories (7) nanoparticle (7) nanosensors (7) red camera (7) room temperature spintronics (7) scooters (7) smart dust (7) soft exoskeleton (7) superintelligence (7) taxes (7) trialpha energy (7) work (7) Rotaxane (6) aerogel (6) antennas (6) atomic swiches (6) battery (6) calico (6) cement (6) computational government (6) conservation (6) dip pen lithography (6) exawatt (6) gene drive (6) genomic engineering (6) high temperature reactor (6) hybrids (6) illusion (6) interstellar (6) interview (6) magnetic (6) marines (6) material (6) mind reading (6) nanodots (6) nanorod (6) nanotubes (6) poor (6) self replication (6) synapse (6) three forks (6) tilera (6) top-down nanotechnology (6) ultrasound (6) MicroRNA (5) algorithm (5) atom circuit (5) brain uploading (5) cleantech (5) cloaking (5) corruption (5) cray (5) cyberwar (5) disruption (5) dubai (5) exponential manufacturing (5) ftl (5) futurism (5) greece (5) h1n1 (5) hoverboard (5) iRNA (5) industry (5) internet of everything (5) magnetic monopoles (5) microscope (5) motorcycles (5) nanodevices (5) nanorods (5) nuclear energy (5) productivity (5) protein (5) quantum well (5) risk (5) silicon valley (5) skylon (5) solar energy (5) stratolaunch (5) sun microsystems (5) terapixel (5) tools (5) trapped ion (5) venezuela (5) Nigel B. Cook (4) abundance (4) annealing (4) automation (4) beyond cmos (4) bikes (4) boron nanotubes (4) bubbles (4) death (4) diesel (4) emc2 (4) employment (4) entrepreneur (4) ethics (4) flibe energy (4) follistatin (4) george church (4) google glass (4) ipad (4) jetpack (4) malaysia (4) medicine. (4) memcapacitors (4) meminductors (4) merkle (4) microbiome (4) microscale (4) monopoles (4) nanomagnet logic (4) nanomanufacturing (4) nanomembrane (4) nanometals (4) nanomotors (4) nanotip (4) nantero (4) optical tweezers (4) personal transport (4) quantum biology (4) rna nanotechnology (4) sensing (4) smartwatch (4) sport (4) super high vision (4) synthetic fuel (4) tanks (4) techology (4) terabit (4) terabyte (4) transparent (4) venus (4) wolfram alpha (4) world war (4) Amazon ec2 (3) aids (3) antilaser (3) artificial life (3) avagadro scale computing (3) baldness (3) bioengineering (3) carbon (3) carbyne (3) chromebook (3) diblock copolymer (3) dna brick (3) ebook (3) energy. united states (3) esail (3) exabyte (3) extinction (3) extraterrestrial (3) fast boat (3) faster than light (3) fat (3) fat loss (3) genomes (3) haptic interface (3) health (3) highlights (3) ido bachelet (3) low power (3) magnetics (3) malnutrition (3) megacities (3) metagenomics (3) metallic hydrogen (3) methuselarity (3) mice (3) micronutrient (3) middle class (3) montana (3) nano-ionic memory (3) nanopore (3) nanotechnology IPO (3) nuclear fission (3) nutrigenomics (3) parallel (3) petahertz (3) petapixel (3) plasmonic lithography (3) poll results (3) ppp (3) precision medicine (3) programmable metallization cell (3) quantum computing (3) qubit (3) recombineering (3) services science (3) ship (3) silicene (3) smart cities (3) spaser (3) spinplasmonics (3) stm (3) straintronics (3) tech (3) twitter (3) uber (3) waters (3) wifi (3) wikileaks (3) wireless power (3) xray (3) zero point energy (3) zettawatt (3) Baxter (2) Ben Goertzel (2) FGPA (2) Freeman Dyson (2) PACER (2) USV (2) alphabet (2) beam pen lithography (2) biochar (2) buidings (2) cannae (2) capri (2) carbon atomic chains (2) cella energy (2) cells (2) chipsat (2) climate (2) cluster state quantum computer (2) computing (2) data mining (2) data science (2) dell (2) detection (2) device (2) devices (2) et energy (2) et3 (2) excitons (2) existential risk (2) field effect transistors (2) fighters (2) finFET (2) flywheel (2) free-piston engine (2) future energy (2) gagdets (2) gbit/s (2) gdp. economic impact (2) gecko (2) gigaflop (2) google future (2) graphics (2) graphyne (2) gravity (2) green (2) head mounted display (2) hoverbike (2) iarpa (2) jovion corporation (2) laser sintering (2) liposuction (2) magnetricity (2) maker (2) mapping (2) medicines (2) metamaterial (2) metmaterials (2) microtechnology (2) miltary (2) mining (2) nanocrystalline cellulose (2) nanocubes (2) nanodiamonds (2) nanodisks (2) nanoenergetics (2) nanoglue (2) nanolattice (2) nanometer (2) nanooptics (2) nanopillars (2) nanoprobe (2) nanosand (2) nanosheets (2) nanostore (2) nanosurgery (2) nanothread (2) nanowelding (2) neural dust (2) neurorobotics (2) nram (2) pandemic (2) personal aviation (2) picometer (2) picoprojectors (2) popululation (2) printable robots (2) quantum cellular automata (2) quantum dot (2) rail (2) ribosome (2) russian (2) rydberg matter (2) science future (2) space tower (2) spinal cord (2) subatomic (2) supersonic (2) synthetic bactera (2) telecopes (2) telsa (2) thinfilm (2) transmutation (2) tricorder (2) triple lithography (2) utility fog (2) uuv (2) venter (2) videos (2) wang bullet (2) wave disc engine (2) wet nanotechnology (2) yottabytes (2) yottaflop (2) youtube (2) z-pinch (2) zettabyte (2) 3rd tsunami (1) Bandung (1) British Columbia (1) Chin (1) Cycle Computing (1) Euclideon (1) GNA nanotechnology (1) Grant Norton (1) H2CAR (1) Herman Kahn (1) I am Legend (1) IEDM (1) James Miller (1) Jason Stowe (1) John Mankins (1) Juan Enriquez (1) Kardashev (1) Keith Lofstrom (1) Lower Montney (1) Montney (1) NENS (1) Peter Glaser (1) R2R production (1) R2RNIL (1) Red Whittaker (1) Rodney Brooks (1) Upper Montney (1) VTOL (1) WW3 (1) acer (1) aerographite (1) afghanistan (1) agricultur (1) alaska (1) aliens (1) alphago (1) analytics (1) anodization nanolithography (1) architecture (1) art (1) astronomgy (1) aubrey de grey (1) aurope (1) aviation (1) batteries ibm (1) betteries (1) bio-syntrolysis (1) biocomputers (1) biofab (1) bionano (1) blockchain (1) blue origin (1) boltzmann machine (1) bottom up nanotechnology (1) brian ahern (1) brontobytes (1) buckypaper (1) buckywire (1) cardiovascular (1) carmera (1) chemputer (1) chiha (1) china. energy (1) china. nuclear (1) chiplets (1) cholesterol (1) cold war history (1) colloidal quantum dots (1) comcast (1) computes (1) conditional deep belief network (1) connectomics (1) convergence (1) copper nanowelding (1) cornocopia (1) cortical computing (1) cosmology (1) countries (1) crescent point (1) cryosleep (1) cryptocurrency (1) cyborg camera (1) dark knight (1) dendrimers (1) diamandis (1) diamonds (1) dielectrophoresis (1) drone swarm (1) drug delivery (1) drug dlelivery (1) dry nanotechnology (1) eagle ford (1) econ (1) economices (1) ecoskeleton (1) electrohydrodynamic (1) elevators (1) enterprise (1) eor (1) et (1) exalfop (1) exponential (1) ferropaper (1) flops (1) free space optics (1) free-piston linear alternator (1) fure (1) future physics (1) future technology (1) future. wireless (1) futute (1) gadgetes (1) gadgets future (1) gadgets sensors (1) gallium nitride (1) gate all around (1) geo (1) geocosmo (1) gigawatt (1) glycerol nucleic acid (1) golden spike (1) googlke (1) graphen (1) graphene monoxide (1) guaranteed income (1) halophytes (1) handheld (1) head transplant (1) helium (1) helphookup.com (1) humor (1) hypersound (1) idaho national lab (1) ieee (1) implantable electronics (1) india science (1) intel future (1) intracellular machines (1) ion beam (1) ivf (1) launch loop (1) launcher (1) lifi (1) litecoin (1) lithium sulfur (1) lunar (1) lysosome (1) mRNA (1) magnetic resonance force microscopy (1) magnetic superatoms (1) magnets. future (1) malaria (1) marvel (1) masdar (1) maser (1) materias (1) mcam (1) media equivalence (1) mediciine (1) memcomputing (1) memflector (1) metabolic engineering (1) metalens (1) metananocircuitry (1) methane (1) methylome (1) microassembly (1) microcontact printing (1) miiltary (1) miitary (1) military geopolitical (1) millimeter scale computing (1) mlitary (1) music (1) nabsys (1) naic (1) nano-origami (1) nanoarches (1) nanobrain (1) nanobubbles (1) nanobuds (1) nanocable (1) nanocar (1) nanoceramic (1) nanochannels (1) nanocones (1) nanodomes (1) nanofluid (1) nanofoam (1) nanogravure (1) nanoionic (1) nanokites (1) nanolipogel (1) nanopantography (1) nanopaper (1) nanoposts (1) nanoscalpels (1) nanoshell (1) nanoshields (1) nanosolder (1) nanostars (1) nanoweave (1) nasa future (1) nasa science (1) nasa. niac (1) neural network (1) neural turing machine (1) neuroprosthesis (1) nias (1) nokia (1) nuclea (1) numenta (1) obama (1) oilsand (1) optalysys (1) optical metamaterial assembly (1) optoelectronic (1) optomec (1) paintable batteries (1) paperphone (1) paralysis (1) peptoid nanotechnology (1) perfect lens (1) petabits (1) phablet (1) phycsics (1) physics science (1) picoscale (1) picosecond (1) plasmene (1) pokemon go (1) polariton superfluid (1) polaritons (1) polaritronics (1) political future (1) poltics (1) popup mems (1) positron dynamics (1) probabilistic CMOS (1) propulsion launch (1) protection (1) protocell (1) quad lithography (1) quantum learning (1) quantum machine learning (1) quantum simulation (1) quantum spin liquid (1) qudits (1) radar future (1) rb2015 (1) regenerative dentistry (1) regulation (1) remote (1) rf-stm (1) scanning beam interference lithography (1) scarcity (1) sceince (1) science fiction calculations (1) science. materials (1) science. quantum communication (1) sciencee (1) sciene (1) senses (1) server sky (1) servers (1) sharing economy (1) skyhook (1) smart dew (1) smokefree cooker (1) solitons (1) sprayon solar power (1) stanene (1) startram (1) statite (1) ste (1) stratosphere (1) stumbleupon (1) supercavitation (1) superinsulator (1) superlattice (1) supply chain (1) sweden (1) synthetic chemistry (1) tcarbon (1) technogy (1) technology energy (1) technology future (1) technology gagdets (1) technolology (1) techonology (1) tegra (1) teleccopes (1) telemedicine (1) terawatt (1) the Hobbit (1) time (1) timing (1) tokomak (1) topological quantum computer (1) tpv cells (1) trains (1) transplant (1) tri-alpha energy (1) tristar (1) tropic thunder (1) turbines (1) tyler formation (1) ultra-short pulse (1) ultravector (1) united (1) universal memory (1) upu (1) user interface (1) vietname (1) voice recognition (1) weapon (1) wearable (1) wearables (1) willow garage (1) wind. solar (1) wnd (1) word (1) x labs (1) zeolites (1) zeptojoules (1) zram (1) Facebook plugin Energy Space Science Technology World Medicine Robotics Quantum Computers Artificial intelligence About Copyright © 2014 New big future Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. About UsContact Facebook twitter Google RSS
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Science First Look Did Boeing's CEO just kick off a billionaires' space race? Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Why a third of Clinton supporters say Trump's victory is illegitimate KKK rally planned: Can Trump and the GOP disown the Klan? Dogs sniff out invasive species of mussel in Montana How crisis hotlines are helping people cope with the election results Boeing chief executive officer Dennis Muilenburg and SpaceX founder Elon Musk both have Mars dreams. But who will get there first? By Ben Rosen, Staff October 10, 2016 Save for later Saved Mars is seen 54 million miles from Earth as captured in 1999 by the Hubble telescope. Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg has vowed to beat SpaceX and Elon Musk to Mars. NASA/Reuters View Caption About video ads View Caption of The space race that first brought humans to the moon was propelled by a tense international rivalry between the United States and the Soviet Union. A half-century later, Boeing’s chief executive envisions a competition between the aeronautics manufacturer and SpaceX having the same result, minus the cold war. Except, this time, the destination is the Red Planet. “I’m convinced the first person to step on Mars will arrive there riding a Boeing rocket,” Dennis Muilenburg said at an event hosted by The Atlantic Magazine in Chicago on Oct. 4. Recommended: How much do you know about the space race? Take our quiz The Boeing Company is already in partnership with NASA to develop the Space Launch System, a heavy-lift rocket for deep space exploration. But Mr. Muilenburg’s comments indicate an increasing rivalry between Boeing and SpaceX to be the first to reach Mars and, perhaps, colonize it. This competition could push progress, as SpaceX founder and chief Elon Musk welcomed challengers when he laid out his plans just a week before for a  Mars colony. Test your knowledge How much do you know about the space race? Take our quiz Infographic Space Race, The Sequel: Who is exploring the cosmos today? Photos of the Day Photos of the Weekend “The goal of SpaceX really is to build the transport system.  It’s like building the Union Pacific railroads,” Mr. Musk told the International Astronautical Congress (IAC) in Guadalajara, Mexico, on Sept. 27. Muilenburg indicated a growing competition between Boeing and SpaceX when he spoke of his vision for a commercial space-travel market, according to Bloomberg. He imagined hotels in orbit, hypersonic jets traveling between continents in two minutes, and a Boeing rocket bringing the first human to Mars. Boeing has been working with NASA to make that a reality. The public-private partners have been developing a Space Launch System rocket, which NASA hopes will  bring the first humans to Mars by 2030. The aerospace company has long partnered with NASA. It built the first stage for the Saturn V, the most powerful US rocket built to date, which took men to the moon. SpaceX’s Mars timeline is a bit more ambitious. Musk has said his company plans to bring the first humans to the Red Planet five years sooner, in 2025, with the eventual goal of human colonization of Mars. The two companies have been in competition ever since SpaceX started developing technology to reach space. In 2012, NASA chose Boeing, SpaceX, and Sierra Nevada Corp. to taxi astronauts to the International Space Station (ISS) orbiting Earth. NASA had the three companies share $1.1 billion in funding, with Boeing receiving the most money at the time. But SpaceX was the first of the three companies to deliver cargo to the ISS. Just like Russia charges NASA a fee to shuttle astronauts to the ISS now, the companies will have NASA pay them per seat. But corporate ventures to Mars and deep space has some scientists, lawyers, philosophers, and science fiction writers worried. “I personally would hate that: turning the cosmos into a kind of billionaires’ playground,” Kim Stanley Robinson, an acclaimed science fiction writer, told The Christian Science Monitor’s Lonnie Shekhtman last month. Others have raised concerns about the reign a corporation or extra-planetary power could hold over resources on the Red Planet.   “If somebody gets control of oxygen, they could very well have control over the whole population and could threaten dire consequences in return for extraordinary levels of power,” Charles Cockell, an astrobiologist at the University of Edinburgh, pointed out to the BBC in 2014. But other countries are also aiming for Mars. The space programs that have already sent uncrewed missions to the fourth planet include the US, Russia, the European Space Agency, and India, with China having plans to follow. With the price of putting an astronaut on Mars in the billions of dollars, Musk envisions funding the project through some type of public-private partnership, writes Ms. Shekhtman. SpaceX, for instance, would generate income from launching satellites and doing work on ISS.  This report contains material from the Associated Press. Next up Test your knowledge How much do you know about the space race? Take our quiz How Elon Musk plans to bring humanity to Mars (+video) Was the birth of our moon more violent than we thought? Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 How Americans are handling post-election hate GOP-controlled Congress will still need Democrats Cover Story Why climate change divides us The president is commander in chief? Yes, but it's complicated What Democrats can learn from Hillary's loss Popular Now Hillary Clinton widens lead in popular vote: Does it matter? First Look KKK rally planned: Can Trump and the GOP disown the Klan? First Look Dogs sniff out invasive species of mussel in Montana Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? First Look How crisis hotlines are helping people cope with the election results   take the quiz Test your scientific literacy!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Weekend Latest News Trump tweets dig at New York Times: Will he quit Twitter as president? Doing Good Difference Maker A Denver native brings the vast outdoors to at-risk youths Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Revolutionizing Manufacturing with Virtual Reality And Augmented Reality   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Manufacturing Excellence * Digital Manufacturing * Manufacturing Technology By Industry: * ManufacturingDUBAI, UAE - Oct. 10, 2016 - PRLog -- The manufacturing sector has undergone dynamic change, with global manufacturers encouraging innovation. In the integration of digitalization and adoption of new technologies lies the future of manufacturing. In this context, Dr. Rab Scott, Head of Virtual Reality and Modelling Group, Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre (AMRC) with Boeing will deliver a case study presentation at the GCC Manufacturing Excellence and Technology Summit 2016 that will be held on 14-15 November 2016 at Sofitel Dubai The Palm Resort & Spa. His presentation will focus on exploring the potential of virtual reality and augmented reality in manufacturing. Before his session at the summit, Dr. Rab Scott discusses the importance of integrating virtual reality and augmented reality in manufacturing processes. 1. Could you please elaborate a bit on your work within AMRC with Boeing? The AMRC with Boeing is a research centre which is part of the University of Sheffield and which has nearly 100 industrial partners ranging from Boeing and Rolls-Royce to local SMEs. It was established in 2001 with 8 people - I was one of those 8! Currently I am Head of Virtual Reality and Simulation and also Digital Theme Lead. As such, I work with companies on projects using Virtual and Augments Reality and incorporating the "digital thread". By this I mean the integration of cyber-physical systems into what is known as a "digital twin"002E. 2. According to you, what would be the key advantage of incorporating virtual reality in manufacturing processes? The advantage of using virtual reality in manufacturing is the ability to firstly "try before you buy" - the ability to test scenarios, designs and factory or facility layouts before implementing them physically means that you can "fail faster" but fail virtually - therefore reducing risk, cost and time. 3. Modeling, Simulation, and Visualization are critical technologies. Please share briefly about a project where visualization tools/ technologies has provided increased value An example of where the use of advanced visualization has increased value has been in the area of new facility design and layout. One company with whom we have worked, wanted to build a new facility for manufacturing. By using a combination of simulation linked to virtual reality, the company was able to engage multiple stakeholder groups in the same audience. By doing this, it created discussion which identified a number of design issues that were resolved in the virtual world before the construction had started. Another example is where a company had designed a product but wanted to evaluate the design for manufacturability. They were able to get immersed in the digital mockup of the product, identify areas which would have been very challenging to manufacture and change the assembly process to aid access. 4. What will you be presenting at the GCC Manufacturing Excellence & Technology Summit 2016 I will be presenting an overview of the history and culture behind one of the UK's leading manufacturing research centres and a few case studies on how VR and AR have provided value for our partners. 5. What will be the key takeaway for attendees from your presentation? The key takeaway will be that the digital world can provide value throughout a product's lifecycle and that failure *is* an option, as long as it is done virtually! Hear Dr. Rab Scott speak at length at the GCC Manufacturing Excellence and Technology Summit 2016. The summit is scheduled to take place on 14-15 November 2016 at Sofitel Dubai The Palm Resort & Spa. More information on the summit is available at http://www.gccmanufacturing.com/. Follow the Summit on social media with the hashtag # GMETS2016. About Expotrade Expotrade is a global conference and event organizer with its head office based in Melbourne, Australia and a regional office in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Expotrade has delivered some of the largest, most successful B2B industry conferences and events. For almost 15 years, our unique blend of knowledge, experience and flexibility has accomplished an array of consistently top quality events. Today, Expotrade events enjoy such a distinctive edge, they are amongst the best patronized in the calendar. For more information, visit www.expotradeglobal.com Contact Lakshmi Ramarajan ***@expotrade-me.com End Source : Expotrade » Follow Email : ***@expotrade-me.com Listed Under- Tags : Manufacturing Excellence, Digital Manufacturing, Manufacturing Technology Industry : Manufacturing Location : Dubai - Dubai - United Arab Emirates A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Expotrade News Arab Future Cities Summit Qatar 2017 Dates Announced 4th Annual Smart Skyscrapers Summit 2017 Dates Have Been Announced Dubai's Smart Data Summit Is Back for its Fourth Edition Sustainable Lighting Techniques Discussed at the Middle East Smart Lighting and Energy Summit 2016 Smart Lighting Strategies and Innovations Explored at Middle East Smart Lighting and Energy Summit Trending Hudson Terrace Nyc Thanksgiving Eve Party 2016 PB Poetry Festival Adds Poet Laure-Anne Bosselaar to Faculty of 13th Annual Festival in Delray Beach 41 Local Restaurants Sign-Up for First DINE FOR VETERANS WEEK, November 6-11, 2016 Hake's Nov. 15-17 Auction Features 2,000 Comic Books, 500 lots of Early Political Memorabilia Sunday Night Party At 1 Oak Nyc Daily News B.Bandz & 2 Crucial Come Together To Record "Turnt" - 190 views The Most Divisive Election In American History Is Behind Us - 176 views Council of Residential Specialists Announces New Board of Directors - 153 views Council of Residential Specialists Names 2016 President's Award Winners - 146 views Hudson Terrace Nyc Thanksgiving Eve Party 2016 - 57 views Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 52747 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3640 views Security First International Holdings, Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire 49% of Gentec LLC - 1421 views Dog Behavior Seminar at Laughing Dog Inn, Inc - 916 views MooreCo Inc Completes the Acquisition of VanerumStelter LLC - 585 views PTC News Security First International Holdings, Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire 49% of Gentec LLC - 1421 views Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 266 views Lennar Debuts All-New Model at Herzog Farm This Weekend - 249 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 168 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 146 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About


Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: 1nm transistor created, Comcast's 1TB cap rolls out, Boeing sets sight on Mars By Matthew DeCarlo on October 9, 2016, 11:13 AM TechSpot Smallest. Transistor. Ever. For more than a decade, engineers have been eyeing the finish line in the race to shrink the size of components in integrated circuits. They knew that the laws of physics had set a 5-nanometer threshold on the size of transistor gates among conventional semiconductors, about one-quarter the size of high-end 20-nanometer-gate transistors now on the market. A research team led by faculty scientist Ali Javey at the Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) has done just that by creating a transistor with a working 1-nanometer gate. Berkeley Lab Boeing CEO vows to beat Musk to Mars Boeing Co. once helped the U.S. beat the Soviet Union in the race to the moon. Now the company intends to go toe-to-toe with newcomers such as billionaire Elon Musk in the next era of space exploration and commerce. Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg sketched out a Jetsons-like future at a conference Tuesday, envisioning a commercial space-travel market with dozens of destinations orbiting the Earth and hypersonic aircraft shuttling travelers between continents in two hours or less. Bloomberg Sam Altman's manifest destiny One balmy May evening, thirty of Silicon Valley’s top entrepreneurs gathered in a private room at the Berlinetta Lounge, in San Francisco. Paul Graham considered the founders of Instacart, DoorDash, Docker, and Stripe, in their hoodies and black jeans, and said, "This is Silicon Valley, right here." All the founders were graduates of Y Combinator, the startup "accelerator" that Graham co-founded: a three-month boot camp, run twice a year, in how to become a "unicorn" -- Valleyspeak for a billion-dollar company. The New Yorker Comcast's 1TB data caps start to roll out nationwide Comcast's data restrictions are going from testing to reality for most of its customers. Its 'Xfinity Terabyte Internet Data Usage Plan' is already in place in a number of places, and will roll out to 18 new markets (including California, Michigan, Florida and others listed on its FAQ) beginning November 1st. For its part, the ISP claims 99 percent of customers use less than 1TB of data per month, and that median use is just 75GB. Engadget Samsung knew a third replacement Note 7 caught fire on Tuesday and said nothing Another replacement Samsung Galaxy Note 7 has caught fire, bringing the total to three this week alone. This one was owned by Michael Klering of Nicholasville, Kentucky. He told WKYT that he woke up at 4AM to find his bedroom filled with smoke and his phone on fire. Later in the day, he went to the hospital with acute bronchitis caused by smoke inhalation. The Verge Linus Torvalds admits 'buggy crap' made it into Linux 4.8 Linus Torvalds gave the world Linux 4.8 earlier this week, but now appears to wish he didn't after spotting some code he says can "kill the kernel." When Torvalds announced Linux 4.8 on Sunday he said the final version added “a few stragging fixes since rc8." But by Tuesday he was back on the Linux Kernel Mailing list apologizing for a bug fix gone bad. The Register 53% of DDoS attacks result in additional compromise DDoS attack volume has remained consistently high and these attacks cause real damage to organizations, according to Neustar. The global response also affirms the prevalent use of DDoS attacks to distract as “smokescreens” in concert with other malicious activities that result in additional compromise, such as viruses and ransomware. Help Net Security A fascinating film about the last day of hot metal typesetting at the New York Times On July 2, 1978 the New York Times made a significant technological leap when they scuttled the last of 60 manually-operated linotype machines to usher in the era of digital and photographic typesetting. When working at 100% efficiency with an experienced operator the Linotype machines could produce 14 lines per minute cast on the spot from hot lead. That number would increase to 1,000 lines per minute the very next day using an array of computers and digital storage. This Is Colossal Designing the Elusive Targets system in 2016's Hitman One of our mandates for the first season was to present Agent 47 as the apex predator, traveling the world, meeting interesting people, and killing them. Part of this mandate was a challenge to the design team: create a moment in time, "a snipe where your one shot matters" -- the purest possible experience of being the assassin. Another objective was to create an ongoing pulse of experiences throughout the first season of Hitman, with tense assassination missions at the heart of those experiences. Gamasutra USA Freedom Act requires government to declassify any order to Yahoo In the wake of reports this week that the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC)ordered Yahoo to scan all of its users’ email in 2015, there are many unanswered legal and technical questions about the mass surveillance. But before we can even begin to answer them, there is a more fundamental question: what does the court order say? EFF It came from Redmond: Windows Server 2016 could rattle the competition A couple of decades ago, Microsoft was the kaiju of network computing. First came MS-DOS, and Windows soon followed. Each simply took over business desktops. Before Novell knew what hit it, Windows was then infused with the DNA of OS/2 and became Windows NT and in turn NT Server. Novell had dominated the early PC networking market, but by the end of the 1990s the company was a shadow of its former self. Ars Technica The cost of forsaking C The C programming language is not trendy. The most recent edition of the canonical C text (the excitingly named The C Programming Language) was published in 1988; C is so unfashionable that the authors have neglected to update it in light of 30 years of progress in software engineering. Everyone “has been meaning to” learn Rust or Go or Clojure over a weekend, not C. There isn’t even a cute C animal in C’s non-logo on a C decal not stuck to your laptop. Medium Tech giants race for edge in artificial intelligence Major technology firms are racing to infuse smartphones and other internet-linked devices with software smarts that help them think like people. The effort is seen as an evolution in computing that allows users to interact with machines in natural conversation style, telling devices to tend to tasks such as ordering goods, checking traffic, making restaurant reservations or searching for information. Phys.org (also, MIT AI lectures) 'Nano-machines' win European trio chemistry Nobel prize A European trio of chemists have won the Nobel prize in chemistry for developing “nano-machines”, an advance that paved the way for the world’s first smart materials. Sir Fraser Stoddart, from Scotland, Bernard Feringa, from the Netherlands, and Jean-Pierre Sauvage, from France, will share the 8m Swedish kronor (£718,000) prize announced by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in Stockholm today. The Guardian Baltimore police took 1 million surveillance photos of city Baltimore Police on Friday released data showing that a surveillance plane secretly flew over the city roughly 100 times, taking more than 1 million snapshots of the streets below. Police held a news conference where they released logs tracking flights of the plane owned and operated by Persistent Surveillance Systems, which is promoting the aerial technology as a cutting-edge crime-fighting tool. ABC We made a Doom level and got id designers to critique it I've played, and reviewed, a lot of first-person shooters. So when id Software announced SnapMap—an accessible map editor bundled with their superb Doom reboot -- I decided to try to apply that experience to creating my own level. Without having to worry about coding and all the other stuff actual game developers have to deal with, I’ll be free to focus purely on the design. PC Gamer What SMART stats tell us about hard drives What if a hard drive could tell you it was going to fail before it actually did? Is that possible? Each day Backblaze records the SMART stats that are reported by the 67,814 hard drives we have spinning in our Sacramento data center. SMART stands for Self-Monitoring, Analysis and Reporting Technology and is a monitoring system included in hard drives that reports on various attributes of the state of a given drive. Backblaze Netflix CEO: Movie theaters are "strangling the movie business" It's no surprise that Netflix would disagree with the traditional release schedule movie theaters stick to -- premiering new movies in theaters and delaying their release to TV or on-demand services months later -- and today the company’s CEO Reed Hastings took that a step further, saying theater chains are discouraging innovation in the industry. The Consumerist We need to save the internet from the internet of things Brian Krebs is a popular reporter on the cybersecurity beat. He regularly exposes cybercriminals and their tactics, and consequently is regularly a target of their ire. Last month, he wrote about an online attack-for-hire service that resulted in the arrest of the two proprietors. In the aftermath, his site was taken down by a massive DDoS attack. Vice Why AI makes it hard to prove that self-driving cars are safe Car manufacturers will have difficulty demonstrating just how safe self-driving vehicles are because of what's at the core of their smarts: machine learning. "You can’t just assume this stuff is going to work," says Phillip Koopman, a computer scientist at Carnegie Mellon University who works in the automotive industry. Spectrum IEEE Chip card lawsuit to move forward against Visa, Mastercard, others A federal judge has ruled it is plausible that four national credit-card companies improperly conspired "in lockstep" to set a deadline of Oct. 1, 2015 for requiring retailers to upgrade their technology to accept embedded chip cards for credit and debit card purchases. Computerworld Related Reads Weekend tech reading: Carmack's VR keynote, why Microsoft wants Minecraft, India's Mars orbiter pics Weekend tech reading: An update on 3D NAND, building your own NAS, 1Tb satellite broadband due 2019 Weekend tech reading: AMD sued over Bulldozer core count, Comcast caps not about congestion 6 comments 119 interactions Now Read This… AT&T to buy Time Warner; Hacked DVRs, cameras behind massive DDoS Unreal 4 version of C&C: Red Alert 2, played using a Vive VR headset Valve redesigns Steam Popular 192 comments How Much RAM Should You Get? 4GB vs. 8GB vs. 16GB Tested 11 comments Hands-On with Google Daydream and Daydream View 54 comments Woman facing jail for selling ceviche through Facebook group is overreacting, says prosecutor 24 comments Bethesda says 'turn down the settings' to fix Dishonored 2 performance issues 26 comments IMDb sues California to invalidate law that prohibits site from showing actors' ages Load Comments 6 ... User Comments: 6 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 63 What do you do for work? 26 IMDb sues California to invalidate law that prohibits site from showing actors' ages 16 Nvidia's revenue grew 54% last quarter driven by strong Pascal GPU sales 13 PSA: Spotify app could be killing your hard drive by filling it with gigabytes of junk data 54 Woman facing jail for selling ceviche through Facebook group is overreacting, says prosecutor Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
   English | Malay | Mandarin | | Español ABOUT BERNAMA Organisation Management Committee Who's who BERNAMA Services Client's Charter Helpdesk Organisation Chart Map to BERNAMA GENERAL General Main News List State News 1Malaysia Perspectives On Current Issues POLITICS Politic Main News List BUSINESS Business Main News List Markets SPORTS Sports Main News List FEATURES Features Main News List WORLD World Main NAM News Network (NNN) News List E-NEWSLETTER WEB TV ARCHIVED INFOGRAPHICS Microsite ›› Banking & Finance   • Auto   • Aviation   • Maritime   • Education   • Property   • Youth   • eBiz  S News Who's Who BUSINESS › NEWS Boeing, Qatar Airways Announce Order For 30 787-9 Dreamliners, 10 777-300ERs Boeing and Qatar Airways announced last Friday, Oct 7 an order for 30 787-9 Dreamliners and 10 777-300ERs, valued at US$11.7 billion at list prices, validating the value, reliability and performance of Boeing's twin-aisle airplanes. Pictured here is the Boeing 737 MAX 8 in Qatar Airways' livery. Pic: Courtesy of BoeingKUALA LUMPUR, Oct 10 (Bernama) -- Boeing and Qatar Airways announced last Friday, Oct 7 an order for 30 787-9 Dreamliners and 10 777-300ERs, valued at US11.7 billion at list prices, validating the value, reliability and performance of Boeing's twin-aisle airplanes. The airline also signed a Letter of Intent for up to 60 737 MAX 8s, valued at US$6.9 billion at list prices. This announcement builds on Qatar Airways' current fleet of 84 Boeing aircraft, a combination of 787s and 777s, all delivered over the last nine years. With this new order, Qatar Airways increases its firm order backlog of Boeing widebody airplanes from 65 to 105, including 60 777Xs. The announcement was attended by the State of Qatar's Minister of Finance, His Excellency Ali Shareef Al Emadi, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken and the Ambassador of Qatar, His Excellency Mohammed Jaham Al-Kuwari. "Qatar Airways, already one of the fastest growing airlines in the history of aviation, today announces a significant and historic aircraft order that will power our future growth for the years and the decades ahead," said Qatar Airways Group Chief Executive, His Excellency Mr. Akbar Al Baker in a statement today. "Boeing has proven to be a valuable partner, and today's announcement is testament to our appreciation of the quality of their product and their dedication to providing world class customer service." Qatar Airways' relationship with Boeing was renewed in 2006. Since then, there have been many milestones in the partnership. The airline was the first to operate the 787 in the Middle East and is a launch customer for the 777X. With the commitment for the 737 MAX 8, it would be the first Boeing single-aisle airplane model to join Qatar Airways' fleet in more than 15 years. "Congratulations to The Boeing Company and Qatar Airways on the remarkable milestone they've reached, which will significantly grow the number of Boeing aircraft in the Qatar Airways fleet," said U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker. "Beyond its importance for these two companies, this agreement demonstrates the importance of global commercial partnerships in strengthening our bilateral ties. This deal will strengthen economic opportunity and job creation, and highlights the importance of strong global trading relationships." "We are so very proud that a discerning and market-leading customer like Qatar Airways not only continues to endorse our current products, but also has confidence in Boeing's new technology that will soon be evident on the 777X and 737 MAX," said Boeing Commercial Airplanes President and CEO Ray Conner. "Our partnership with Qatar Airways has grown and strengthened tremendously over the years and I look forward to the time when its fleet will feature an increasing number of both our single and twin-aisle airplanes." The 777-300ER is the most reliable twin-aisle airplane flying today and is considered to be the flagship of the world's elite airlines. It has the highest schedule reliability of any twin-aisle airplane at 99.5 percent - the airplane is on time, nearly all the time. The 787-9 Dreamliner is the second member of the super-efficient, passenger-pleasing 787 family. The 787-9, a stretch of the 787-8, can fly 290 passengers 7,635 nautical miles (14,140 km) in addition to more cargo, allowing airlines the ability to grow routes first opened by the 787-8. Boeing's newest family of single-aisle airplanes - 737 MAX 7, 737 MAX 8, 737 MAX 9 and 737 MAX 200 - builds on the Next-Generation 737's popularity and reliability while delivering customers unsurpassed fuel efficiency in the single-aisle market, with deliveries scheduled to begin in 2017. --BERNAMA >> Newslist Previous Top Stories Earthquake: Stay Vigilant, Najib Advises Malaysians In New Zealand BNM Tightens NDF Trading Rules Country's Future Cannot Depend On Hypocritical Political Pact - Najib Other News Headlines PPBM-Pakatan Harapan Collaboration Will Not Work - Ismail Sabri- politic Labuan To Agressively Promote Itself As An Attractive Tourism Destination- business Annuar Musa Stays Put With Decision To Resign From Kafa- sports The Best And Freshest Produce At Maha 2016- features 25 More Attackers Killed In Continued Clashes In Western Myanmar State- world Most Read News Earthquake: Stay Vigilant, Najib Advises Malaysians In New Zealand Agong, Permaisuri Attend Wedding Reception Of MSU President's Daughter Seven Districts In Perak At Risk Of High Tide Flooding Home | Sitemap | Contact Us | General | Politics | Business | Sports | Features | World | Full News List | Archived News | RSS Feeds © 2016 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| Security Policy This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 35.0.1 & Internet Explorer 8.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution Contact us 03-26939933 | E-mail helpdesk@bernama.com
Skip to main content (Press Enter). Toggle navigation U.S. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE U.S. DOD Search Search Search Home Secretary Carter Secretary Carter's Page Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travel Today in DoD About DoD Leaders Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Top Issues Targeted Operations Against ISIL Terrorists Force of the Future Science and Technology FY 2017 Budget Proposal Asia-Pacific Rebalance Operation Atlantic Resolve News Press Advisories News Releases News Articles Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts Special Reports Badges and Passes RSS Other News Sources Media Lead Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos Videos DVIDS DoD Live Blog Trademarks Military Service Seals Imagery Archive DoD Flickr Secretary of Defense Flickr Deputy Secretary of Defense Flickr Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Flickr Military Services Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands A-Z List Resources Popular DoD Resources Contact DoD Frequently Asked Questions Available Jobs Within DoD Website Feedback Developer Info Apps Gallery DoD Information Quality Guidelines Principles of Information Register A Site HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-195-16 Oct. 11, 2016 PRINT  |  E-MAIL   CONTRACTS   NAVY   The Boeing Co., Seattle, Washington, is being awarded a $31,070,335 modification to a previously awarded cost-plus-fixed-fee contract (N00019-14-C-0067) for non-recurring engineering efforts on the Liquid Air Palletized System (LAPS), including delivery of instrument unit for testing of the LAPS, in support of the P-8A Multi-mission Maritime Aircraft.  Work will be performed in Seattle, Washington (59 percent); Irvine, California (31 percent); Dallas, Texas (5 percent); Gunnison, Utah (2 percent); Niagara Falls, New York (2 percent); and St. Louis, Missouri (1 percent), and is expected to be completed in March 2019.   Fiscal 2015 aircraft procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $31,070,335 will be obligated at time of award, all of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.   ARMY   Fred L. Hawkins Company Inc.,* Havre de Grace, Maryland (W91CRB-17-D-0001); M2 Electric LLC,* Mine Hill, New Jersey (W91CRB-17-D-0002); and Relyant Global LLC,* Maryville, Tennessee (W91CRB-17-D-0003), will share a $9,999,999 firm-fixed-price contract for range maintenance support services for the U.S. Army Aberdeen Test Center.  Bids were solicited via the Internet with five received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order, with an estimated completion date of Oct. 10, 2018.  Army Contracting Command, Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, is the contracting activity.   *Small business News News Articles Posted 07/24/2015 Casualty Releases Posted 07/24/2015 Press Advisories Posted 07/24/2015 News Transcripts Posted 07/24/2015 Publications Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Contracts Posted 07/24/2015 Testimony Posted 07/24/2015 Messages Posted 07/24/2015 Special Reports Posted 07/24/2015 Secretary of Defense Biography Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Testimony Posted 07/24/2015 Photos Posted 07/24/2015 Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Photos Posted 07/24/2015 Photos/Videos Photo Essays Posted 07/24/2015 Week in Photos Posted 07/24/2015 DoD Video News Posted 07/24/2015 Other Pentagon Press Badges Posted 07/24/2015 Press/Media Queries Posted 07/24/2015 Military Commissions Posted 07/24/2015 Other News Sources Posted 07/24/2015 Recent Contracts Contracts for 11/04/2016 Contracts for 11/03/2016 Contracts for 11/02/2016 Contracts for 11/01/2016 Contracts for 10/31/2016 Contracts for 10/28/2016 Contracts for 10/27/2016 Contracts for 10/26/2016 Contracts for 10/25/2016 Contracts for 10/24/2016 Quick Links Quick Links DoD Sites Contact Us DVIDS Available Jobs within DoD Privacy and Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Recovery Act DoD Section 508 Join the Military Web Policy No FEAR Act Resources FOIA Site Map Plain Writing Act Limitations of Visual Information MILITARY SERVICES UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Stay Connected
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy The Investigators Mental Health Maze Manhunt Monday Vote 2016 Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Footbal RoadWAAY Warrior RoadWAAY Main Traffic Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN Events Apps Contact Us About Us WATCH LIVE 4:30-7 am 11 am 5 pm 6 pm 7 pm 10 pm Weather Nation 47° Huntsville, AL (35801) Today Mainly clear. Tonight Clear skies. Areas of smoke and haze are possible, reducing visibility at times. Low 39F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy The Investigators Mental Health Maze Manhunt Monday Vote 2016 Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Footbal RoadWAAY Warrior RoadWAAY Main Traffic Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close Jeff Martin Courtesy: DVIDS Boeing inches forward on Chinook Block II Jeff Martin Jeff Martin Oct 10, 2016 0 Jeff Martin Courtesy: DVIDS Boeing continues to work on the next generation of the iconic CH-47 Chinook. The current model, the CH-47F is the latest in a line stretching back to the 1960s. The next model would be the Block II, which is intended to fly faster and farther, while carrying more. The F-model would be modified to have the Max TakeOff Weight (MTOW) of 54,000 lbs that the special operations model MH-47G has. It would also have composite rotor blades, which could save weight and fuel costs, with the possibility of increased speed.   "The plan is for this aircraft to fly into the 2060s " said Richard Sneed with Boeing's Huntsville office.  He went on to add "a hundred gears that's 5 generations of pilots".   A decision by the Army is expected next year on whether or not the Block II program will be done a full fledged program or just a series of upgrades.  Jeff Martin Follow Jeff Martin Close Get email notifications on Jeff Martin daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jeff Martin posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jeff Martin Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Latest News 10 Things to Know for Monday Burglar dressed as ninja takes katana sword from card shop The Latest: Deputy killed while checking suspicious car Good Samaritan killed, 2 injured helping stranded drivers The Latest: Protests continue in Philadelphia, LA, more Friday Night Football Hometown Heroes Nominate someone you think is deserving to be called a Hometown Hero! Star99 App download Stream Today's Best Music Anywhere with The Star 99 streaming app. One Million Dollar Community Investment Non-profits can apply for a portion of the $1 million dollars in the form of “media grants” that we will award on a regular basis. Traffic Center For traffic news and updates follow us at the traffic center.  Connect with Us Join our many social media apps. Connect with our talent and follow for news updates.  Weather Nation 24 hour live streaming weather service.  Email Newsletter Sign-up for our newsletters and stay informed.  RoadWAAY Warrior For local traffic updates and road way information.  TN Valley Pros Tennessee Valley Pros where you'll find access to the leading experts in the Huntsville, AL area. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Lookout Mountain fire grows larger, families prepare for the worst Missing woman found alive after her car crashed into a 30 foot ravine Child present during drug raid in Red Bay; seven people arrested Shooting suspects on the loose, considered armed and dangerous Marine Corps identifies recruit found dead as Zachary Boland, 18, of Madison Neighbors react to man found shot on road in Madison Huntsville man arrested for 2006 Florida murder Man killed in morning wreck on Memorial Parkway Polaris releases video inside Huntsville manufacturing facility Former CMT reality show star killed in murder-suicide Images Videos Commented SCOTUS denies inmate's appeal after 29 years on death row (3) Donald Trump 'victory bus' in Huntsville Tuesday (3) The Huntsville Times will no longer be printed in Alabama (3) Trump vows to unify a deeply divided nation (2) Here are all the ways you can watch the last presidential debate (2) Residents react to alleged political propaganda by the KKK in Madison (2) A breakdown of 14 Alabama Amendments (2) Thousands march in Oakland to protest Trump (2) North Carolina Republican Party office burned; no injuries (2) Trump says he'll honor election results - if he wins (1) Events Nov 13 Hometown Heroes Sun, Nov 13, 2016 — all day Free Nov 13 Kids To Love Foundation Registration for the KTECH program Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 8:00 am Nov 13 Gaylord Opryland's Country Christmas Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 9:00 am Nov 13 ICE!® featuring Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 10:00 am Nov 13 Gallery Walk and Opening Reception for Connections: Karen Graffeo & Jim Neel Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 2:00 pm Nov 13 Independent Musical Productions presents Inspecting Carol Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 2:30 pm $16-$20 Nov 13 Cabaret Upstairs: RENT Revisited Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 3:30 pm $27-$37 Nov 13 Cabaret Upstairs: RENT Revisited Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 6:00 pm $27-$37 Nov 13 Out Loud HSV Poetry Slam Sundays Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 7:00 pm Free Nov 14 Kids To Love Foundation Registration for the KTECH program Mon, Nov 14, 2016 @ 8:00 am Nov 14 Gaylord Opryland's Country Christmas Mon, Nov 14, 2016 @ 9:00 am Nov 14 ICE!® featuring Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer Mon, Nov 14, 2016 @ 10:00 am Nov 15 Kids To Love Foundation Registration for the KTECH program Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 8:00 am Nov 15 Gaylord Opryland's Country Christmas Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 9:00 am Nov 15 Josie's Open House Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 10:00 am Free Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Real-time Stocks Sections News Weather Sports Trending Contests Videos Redstone Space Tech Million Dollar Community Investment Online Features Services Full TV Episodes Team About Contact Employment Contact Information waaytv.com 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-3131 Email: newsroom@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / October 11 Market Close: GovCon Index Plummets 1%, Earnings & Inflation Worries Loom Over Markets October 11 Market Close: GovCon Index Plummets 1%, Earnings & Inflation Worries Loom Over Markets Ross Wilkers October 11, 2016 Financial Report, News 1,351 Views Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index plunged 1 percent Tuesday to post its worst one-day performance in two months with all 30 companies in red at the close as U.S. financial markets entered sell-off mode on investor worries over dim third quarter corporate earnings and the fast pace of inflation. Six of the GovCon Index’s 10 lowest net performers came from the S&P 500 as the latter U.S. bellwether index registered its biggest loss in one month with healthcare and financial stocks the largest laggers. Eighteen GovCon Index companies shed at least $1.00 with three down by at least $2.00. General Dynamics (NYSE: GD) contributed the biggest loss to the GovCon Index and Boeing (NYSE: BA) tumbled after the airplane maker said it could take a charge on its commercial space transportation program for NASA as early as the third quarter. Boeing has delayed the first flight of its CST-100 Starliner capsule by six months to mid-2018 due to cost-related issues, according to the Wall Street Journal. NASA awarded a pair of contracts to Boeing and Elon Musk’s SpaceX in September 2014 for the program. KBR (NYSE: KBR) ended as the GCI’s worst percentage performer after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stock to a “Sell” rating from “Neutral” with a $15 price target on concerns about earnings growth prospects due to “outsized exposure” in the core liquified natural gas and greenfield ammonia sectors. Goldman Sach issued its new rating on KBR nearly a week after the Houston-based engineering services provider received dual upgrades from Johnson & Rice and Deutsche Bank on moves to diversify the business mix through two acquisitions of two government services contractors this year. Non-GovCon Index company DigitalGlobe (NYSE: DGI) declined 17 cents to $26.69 on a day when the satellite imagery provider said it agreed to purchase geospatial intelligence services contractor The Radiant Group for $140 million. Third quarter earnings reports from Alcoa and Illumina missed Wall Street’s expectations and the U.S. dollar rose as traders heightened their expectations that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates in December. Futures markets have the odds of a December move at 68 percent versus 50 percent two weeks ago, Bloomberg reported. Market Summary Index Value Net Change % Change GovCon Index 79.164 -1.102 -1.372% S&P 500 2,136.73 -26.93 -1.24% Dow Jones Industrial Average 18,128.66 -200.38 -1.09% NASDAQ 5,246.79 -81.89 -1.54% Advancing GovCon Index Issues 0 Declining GovCon Index Issues 30 Unchanged GovCon Index Issues 0 Lowest GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▾ % Change GD General Dynamics * 149.60 -3.29 -2.15% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 154.14 -2.15 -1.38% BA Boeing * 133.74 -2.10 -1.55% CACI CACI International 100.85 -1.71 -1.67% MCK McKesson Corp. * 163.63 -1.70 -1.03% Lowest GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▾ KBR KBR 15.01 -1.25 -7.69% ACM AECOM 27.82 -1.03 -3.57% CUB Cubic Corp. 44.64 -1.60 -3.46% BAESY BAE Systems 26.325 -0.735 -2.716% TXT Textron * 37.90 -0.96 -2.47% Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ACM aecom alcoa ba BAE BAESY Boeing CACI CST-100 Starliner CUB cubic deutsche bank digitalglobe dollar earnings featured Federal Reserve financial report GD General Dynamics Goldman Sachs govcon GovCon Index hii Huntington Ingalls Illumina inflation interest rates Johnson & Rice KBR MCK McKesson NASA S&P 500 spacex textron The Radiant Group TXT wall street Related Articles November 11 Market Close: GovCon Index Adds 11.2 % on the Week to Close at a Record High November 11, 2016 Weekly Roundup November 7 – November 11, 2016: Election Results Significantly Impact Markets November 11, 2016 NASA Selects 9 Companies to Support Johnson Space Center’s Flight Operations Directorate November 11, 2016 Check Also Federal Market Vet LaMont Wells Joins AECOM as Business Devt EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments LaMont Wells, formerly president and chairman of the board of directors at Technology Management Associates, … Motorola Solutions Closes Spillman Technologies Buy; Bruce Brda Comments Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI) has completed its purchase of Spillman Technologies, which will be part … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags November 11 Market Close: GovCon Index Adds 11.2 % on the Week to Close at a Record High November 11, 2016 Weekly Roundup November 7 – November 11, 2016: Election Results Significantly Impact Markets November 11, 2016 Lockheed’s Marillyn Hewson: Sustained Investment, Interoperability & Talent Key to NATO’s Tech Edge November 11, 2016 Boeing, DISA Collaborate on Confidential Military Communications Device November 11, 2016 Jacobs to Provide Infrastructure Services for Australia’s Transportation Network Project November 11, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 8,879 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,382 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,196 IBM to Build Army Private Cloud Facility Under $62M Task Order October 17, 2016 2,524 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,283 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news General Dynamics financial report SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force press release DOD U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments SAIC Appoints Charles Mathis as EVP, CFO; Tony Moraco Comments Amazon Web Services’ Teresa Carlson Receives 2016 Greater Washington GovCon Executive of the Year Award Boeing to Develop, Manufacture F-15 Electronic Warfare System Under $479M USAF Contract ManTech International CFO Kevin Phillips Promoted to President, COO @Follow Me November 11 Market Close: GovCon Index Adds 11.2 % on the Week to Close at a Record High https://t.co/pQrAjhdLVR #GovConIndex #MantechInc.2016/11/11 Weekly Roundup November 7 – November 11, 2016: Election Results Significantly Impact Markets https://t.co/UgvCPL8tBq #aecom #BCPartners2016/11/11 Lockheed’s Marillyn Hewson: Sustained Investment, Interoperability & Talent Key to NA https://t.co/TBGITlJ0KP #ExecutiveMosaic #ExecutiveBiz2016/11/11 Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
null
null
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Airline industry Monarch looks to seal £165m funding package and secure licence Airline will lose its Air Travel Organiser’s License for package holidays if it does not secure deal by midnight on Wednesday Monarch Airlines has suffered from a downturn in package holidays to Turkey and Egypt. Photograph: Jack Sullivan/Alamy Rob Davies Tuesday 11 October 2016 13.04 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 11 October 2016 17.00 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger This article is 1 month old Monarch Airlines’ future will go down to the wire, as the carrier looks to seal a £165m funding package designed to secure its licence to operate. The airline will lose its Air Travel Organiser’s Licence (Atol) – which allows it to fly package holiday passengers – at midnight on Wednesday if it does not secure a deal. The UK airline industry regulator, the Civil Aviation Authority, has already granted Monarch a 12-day extension from the original deadline of 30 September to show it had the money to stay afloat. Losing the licence would make it far harder for Monarch to recover its finances because it would lose passengers on Atol-protected package deals, though it could still carry passengers who had booked a flight only. But an agreement between Monarch, its majority owner, the private equity firm Greybull Capital, the aircraft manufacturer Boeing and the airline’s banks is expected to be tied up on Wednesday. The package is expected to involve a revision of the terms of Monarch’s 2014 order for 45 new planes from Boeing. Under the agreement, which has yet to be finalised, Boeing would convert the order into lease deals, meaning Monarch could still use the planes but would have more cash to prove to the CAA that it can fund itself. It is not clear whether all 45 plane orders would be converted into leases. Greybull would also inject fresh money as part of a package worth a combined £165m, which it has said would be the largest investment in the company’s 48-year history if it goes ahead. The rescue deal is designed to help Monarch survive difficult trading conditions due to ongoing international security concerns and the weakness of sterling. Monarch has suffered particularly badly from a downturn in package holidays to Turkey and Egypt, amid terrorism fears, while air traffic control strikes in France have exacerbated its woes. More news Topics Airline industry Boeing Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content more on this story Monarch Airlines given licence reprieve hours before deadline CAA awards extension to Atol after airline announced it has received ‘significant investment from shareholders’ Published: 30 Sep 2016 Monarch Airlines given licence reprieve hours before deadline Monarch in crisis talks to extend flying licence for package holidays Luton-based airline has until midnight to show it has enough funds to keep flying for three months, a condition of Atol award Published: 30 Sep 2016 Monarch in crisis talks to extend flying licence for package holidays Monarch scrambles for time before flying licence deadline Airline tries to gain temporary licence by proving to Civil Aviation Authority that a funding deal is close Published: 29 Sep 2016 Monarch scrambles for time before flying licence deadline Monarch Airlines in talks about cash injection amid financial health rumours Budget carrier issues statement calming speculation about its financial position after concerns were raised on social media Published: 26 Sep 2016 Monarch Airlines in talks about cash injection amid financial health rumours Troubled Monarch airline returns to profit Published: 7 Dec 2015 Troubled Monarch airline returns to profit Monarch airline: from prince to pauper Published: 25 Sep 2014 Monarch airline: from prince to pauper Monarch workers accept pay cuts in attempt to help secure firm’s future Published: 24 Sep 2014 Monarch workers accept pay cuts in attempt to help secure firm’s future Bookmaker slashes odds on Monarch Airlines going bust Published: 29 Dec 2009 Bookmaker slashes odds on Monarch Airlines going bust More more on this story popular The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Airline industry Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
14/11/2016 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Live X World news 13/11/2016 Casualties confirmed in New Zealand earthquake Point of view "We urge people to continue to be cautious" John Key New Zealand Prime Minister World news 13/11/2016 Pro-Russia candidate wins Bulgaria's presidential run-off Point of view ""Being pro-European does not mean being anti-Russian"" Rumen Radev Bulgarian president-elect World news 13/11/2016 Mosul civilians tell of ISIL attacks as Iraqi forces advance Point of view "ISIL started to attack people. Some of them were injured. One of my neighbours was killed, shot in the stomach" Ahmed Mohammed Mosul resident World news 13/11/2016 A survivor of the Bataclan bloodshed remembers Point of view "I saw blood, dead people around me, I'm next" Emmanuel Domenach Bataclan survivor World news 12/11/2016 UK-EU rift widens as Boris Johnson snubs meeting on Trump Point of view "We do not see the need for an additional meeting on Sunday because the US election timetable is long established" UK Foreign Office spokesman World news 12/11/2016 A year on: Paris terror attack survivors tell their stories Point of view "It's a year of rebuilding, I'm still right in it. You know for us there is no anniversary date" Gregory Reibenberg Paris attacks survivor World news 11/11/2016 Sales up but growth slows on China's "Singles Day" Point of view "On Singles Day, we see the huge potential of China's consumer market."" Jack Ma Alibaba Chairman World news 11/11/2016 US fears spike in post-election attacks on minorities Point of view "It is the inevitable result of the mainstreaming of Islamophobia" Ibrahim Hooper CAIR spokesman BREAKING NEWS Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Home > News > Business > Airbus to downsize A380 production Now Reading: Airbus to downsize A380 production corporate 11/10/2016 Airbus to downsize A380 production Today's Top Stories world news 11/13/2016 Casualties confirmed in New Zealand earthquake world news 11/13/2016 Pro-Russia candidate wins Bulgaria's presidential run-off world news 11/13/2016 Balloons released in memory of Paris terror attack victims Advertisement Aa Aa Related Stories corporate 09/22/2016 WTO backs Boeing over Airbus in latest round of government subsidies row Flashback: one year ago world news 11/14/2015 Mourners gather at Le Petit Cambodge in Paris world news 11/14/2015 Exclusive: no city is safe from ISIS threat, says UAE minister world news 11/14/2015 TGV: at least ten die as train plunges into canal world news 11/14/2015 Syria peace talks: Paris attacks put pressure on leaders to find solution world news 11/14/2015 IOC condemns Paris attacks, says "we are all French" Editor's choice world news 11/12/2016 'We will not forget them' - Sting headlines as Paris' Bataclan reopens insiders 11/10/2016 Climate change is good news for England's wine industry Sci-tech 11/10/2016 World biggest space telescope is ready last updated: 11/10/2016 Euronews Airbus is planning to build fewer of its A380 superjumbos. It will slow assembly to one aircraft per month from 2018, saying that was to allow it to “smooth deliveries pending new orders”. Currently it turns out five of the giant aircraft every two months. The European planemaker is struggling to revive sales of the world’s largest passenger jet. Singapore Airlines recently said it will not extend the lease on its first A380 when it expires next year. It has 19 of them and five more on order. And Australia’s Qantas – which has eight – does not want the eight more it has ordered. But Alain Flourens, who heads the A380 programme, told French newspaper Le Figaro: “The A380 still has a place in the Airbus product portfolio.” Airbus has said the double-decker is still attractive because it believes it helps to solve airport congestion and growing air traffic. But sales of large four-engine airliners like the 544-seat A380 have been hit hard by improvements in the range and efficiency of smaller two-engined models, which can be easier to fill. Flourens added that Airbus has plans to improve the plane’s efficiency. Share this article: More about: Airbus Airlines Air transport Industry All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Airbus freine la production d'A380 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Airbus kappt Produktion von Superjumbos See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Airbus taglia la produzione dell'A380 in attesa della ripresa degli ordini See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español Airbus fabricará solo un A380 al mes a partir de 2018, por falta de encargos See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Airbus vai reduzir produção do A380 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Airbus A380 modelinin üretimini yavaşlatacak See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Airbus скорочує темпи виробництва A380 Superjumbo See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский Airbus сокращает производство суперлайнеров A380 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية ايرباص تخفض انتاجها من الطائرات الضخمة بانتظار طلبات جديدة عليها See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی کاهش سطح تولید مدلهای اِی ۳۸۰ ایرباس See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Airbus: Περιορίζεται η παραγωγή του Α380 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Visszafogja az A380-as gyártását az Airbus See translation Auto-Translated Next Article corporate 11/10/2016 Samsung abandons production of Note 7 Today's Top Stories world news 11/13/2016 Casualties confirmed in New Zealand earthquake world news 11/13/2016 Pro-Russia candidate wins Bulgaria's presidential run-off world news 11/13/2016 Balloons released in memory of Paris terror attack victims Browse today's tags Paris Attacks Earthquake Protest Paris New Zealand Death USA François Hollande Natural catastrophe Civil society Italy South Korea Park Geun-hye Terrorism Iraq Bulgarian politics Art ISIL Venice Presidential election Donald Trump ISIS Demonstration Tourism Athletics Christchurch War Bulgaria Bulgarian presidential election Mexico Verticals News European Affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Programs Adventures Aid Zone Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Corporate About Euronews Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2016 News World news Business Sport European Affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية

SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 50 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Too many airline mergers? Blame politics, one report says Airline industry’s merger mania period may jump back into spotlight after a new report. Post to Facebook Too many airline mergers? Blame politics, one report says Airline industry’s merger mania period may jump back into spotlight after a new report.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2e3ppEj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Too many airline mergers? Blame politics, one report says Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 9:17 a.m. EDT October 11, 2016 208 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Scenes from the last-ever flight on US Airways  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. US Airways flight attendant Malva McSween was among the crew working US Airways last-ever flight on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Retired flight attendant Glenda Yerse was on hand for the final flight, wearning her 1970 Allegheny Air uniform.  American Airlines Fullscreen Retired flight attendant Glenda Yersa gets a hug from former USAir Ed Colodny.  American Airlines Fullscreen Capt. Doug Rice and First Officer William Koone in the cockpit as US Airways Flight 1939 prepared to depart San Francisco for Philadelphia on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Gate agents make the final boarding announcement for US Airways Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Former USAir CEO Ed Colodny signs a model airplane for someone in the crowd at San Francisco ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen All passengers on the last leg of Flight 1939 received this coin commemorating the last-ever flight on US Airways.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Aviation enthusiasts were plentiful at San Francisco International Airport ahead of US Airways' final departure on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Retired US Airways employee Helena Valentine cries as she talks to former USAir CEO Ed Colodny in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Helena Valentine holds up USAir's first-ever employee newsletter after she got it signed by former CEO Ed Colodny ahead of Flight 1939 in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways' name shares space with American for one of the last times ever at San Francisco's airport ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen American/US Airways ticket counter agents offered to print old-style thick-stock tickets for fliers who wished to have a souvenir of US Flight 1939.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Onlookers crowd around to hear from USAir CEO Ed Colodny (left) address a crowd at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen "God, what a ride!" former USAir CEO Ed Colodny said to a crowd in San Francisco ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The crowd assembled for US Airways' final flight listens to gateside speeches in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The flight crew for the final leg of US Airways Flight 1939 poses for a photo prior to departing San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen All passengers flying the final leg of US Airways Flight 1939 got one of these amenity kits, which are usually reserved for fliers in the premium cabins.  American Airlines Fullscreen Charles Alford, a US Airways customer service worker from Raleigh/Durham, proudly shows off his boarding pass to be on the last-ever US Airways flight on Oct. 16, 2015, in San Francisco.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Glenda Yerse (center) is flanked by Miki Godlaski (left) and Chris Goldaski (right) ahead of Flight 1939 in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways' last-ever flight -- Flight 1939 to Philadelphia -- is on the departure board at San Francisco airport on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers board the last leg of US Airways Flight 1939 the evening of Oct. 16, 2015, in San Francisco.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pulls away from a gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pushes back from the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pushes back from the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The departure information for Flight 1939 at the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pulls away from a gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen THe pilots on the Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sit at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Passengers arriving to Philadelphia on Flight 1939 were welcomed by a large crowd of well-wishers on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Flight 1939 flight attendant Roger Hamlin hubs a crewmembers after arriving to Philadelphia on US Airways' last-ever flight on the morning of Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen A crowd of well-wishers -- and some goodies -- awaited fliers arriving to Philadelphia on US Airways' last-ever flight on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The airline industry’s merger mania period may jump back into the spotlight this week after a report out Tuesday by ProPublica. The non-profit news organization puts it spotlight on the American-US Airways merger that closed in 2013, taking a closer look at the Justice Department’s role in the deal. Justice originally sued to halt the deal, though it eventually allowed the merger to proceed after winning concessions from the merging airlines. ProPublica takes a look at the politics that it contends were going on behind the scenes as pro- and anti-merger forces each tried to rally support to their own sides. ProPublica writes: “The Justice Department’s abrupt reversal came after the airlines tapped former Obama administration officials and other well-connected Democrats to launch an intense lobbying campaign, the full extent of which has never been reported.” “They used their pull in the administration, including at the White House, and with a high-level friend at the Justice Department, going over the heads of staff prosecutors. And just days after the suit was announced, the airlines turned to Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Obama’s first White House chief of staff, to help push back against the Justice Department.”  FULL REPORT: See the full ProPublica story USA TODAY Era of airline merger mania comes to a close with last US Airways flight ProPublica goes on with an in-depth look about the political wrangling it says happened behind the scenes. The outlet suggests opponents of the merger faced great pressure in trying to block the deal. With the merger now settled, four airlines have taken control of about 80% of the U.S. market. All four of those carriers – American, Delta, Southwest and United – have been strengthened by large mergers during the past decade. The American-US Airways merger was somewhat unique in that it followed three other mega-mergers. Those deals produced two very large global carriers – Delta (merged with Northwest) and United (merged with Continental) – whose sizes then greatly outpaced American and the even-smaller US Airways. US Airways and American officials argued that their own merger was needed to effectively compete, saying United and Delta had become so big that they could muscle out American and US Airways and effectively dominate the market for “traditional" hub-and-spoke airline service. Plus, many argued, how could Justice now block the American-US Airways deal after recently approving three other large airline mergers? The most-compelling argument against the merger, those critics contended, was not that the American-US Airways merger raised different antitrust concerns, but rather that it was simply "one merger too many." USA TODAY US Airways' final flight closes curtain on another major airline FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A look at some of US Airways' airplane liveries from the past 35 years  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A file photo of a USAir Boeing 727 at Washington's National Airport in 1995.  USA TODAY file photo Fullscreen US Airways planes at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport on July 25, 2007.  Ross D. Franklin, AP Fullscreen With the Capitol in the backgroud, a US Airways plane lands at Washington's Reagan National Airport on Aug. 12, 2002.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737 circa 1988.  'Aero Icarus' via Flickr Fullscreen The tails of a US Airways plane is seen in Chicago in July 2001. In the background is the tail of Northwest Airlines, a brand that disappeared in 2008 after merging with Delta.  Tim Boyle, Getty Images Fullscreen This photo provided by Harrisburg (Pa.) International Airport shows a ticket cover and letter from US Air on its first day of flying under that new name in 1979.  Harrisburg (Pa.) International Airport Fullscreen A USAir Boening 737 jetliner taxis at Washington National Airport on Sept. 9, 1994.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Express Beech 1900-C at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen Metrojet, a short-lived low-fare 'carrier within a carrier,' was one of US Airways' attempts to fight off Southwest's encroachment into the Northeast. It didn't work.  'Andrew Thomas' via Flickr Fullscreen US Airways and America West jets in Phoenix on May 19, 2005. America West acquired US Airways that year but took US Airways more-recognizable name.  Matt York, AP Fullscreen Fifth-grade students deplane a USAir Express flight at Bishop International Airport in Flint, Mich., in 1996.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Jetstream 31 at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen USAir CEO Stephen Wolf stands behind a model of a jet showing the then-new US Airways name and logo at a news conference in New York on Oct. 12, 1996.  Ed Bailey, Associated Press Fullscreen A US Air British Aerospace BAE 146 circa 1989.  'SDASM Archives' via Flickr Fullscreen A undated file picture shows a US Airways A330-300 flying over Toulouse in southern France.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737 circa 1990.  'Aero Icarus' via Flickr Fullscreen The tail of US Airways' Pittsburgh Steelers-themed Airbus A319 jet as seen at its official unveiling at Pittsburgh International Airport on Sept. 12, 2007.  By Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen In this April 8, 2010 file photo, a US Airways plane takes off from Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix.  Cheryl Evans, The Arizona Republic Fullscreen A USAir Express "Dash 8" at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen A USAir jet takes off from Washington National Airport on Sept. 9, 1994.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737-300 landing at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen A US Airways flight prepares to depart from Pittsburgh International Airport on Sept. 13, 2004.  Gene J. Puskar, AP Fullscreen A USAir MD-80 at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways planes in Phoenix in 2014.  Nick Oza/The Republic Fullscreen A USAir DC-9 at Pittsburgh in 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737 seen in 1995.  H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY Fullscreen A USAir Express Dash 7 near Washington National Airport in 1995.  H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY Fullscreen In this July 22, 2008, file photo, a US Airways Express plane passes behind a JetBlue plane at Boston's Logan Airport.  Lisa Poole, AP Fullscreen In this file photo from Oct. 29, 2010, a US Airways Express flight approaches Philadelphia International Airport.  Matt Rourke, AP Fullscreen A US Airways aircraft painted in the colors of the Arizona Cardinals NFL team is seen in Phoenix on Oct. 7, 2011. The plane is one of several that the airline painted in the colors of pro football teams.  Tom Tingle, The Arizona Republic Fullscreen The tail of US Airways' Pittsburgh Steelers-themed Airbus A319 jet as seen at its official unveiling at Pittsburgh International Airport on Sept. 12, 2007.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An undated file photo of a US Airways Express plane operated by regional carrier Republic.  Republic Airways Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir Express shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir Express shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 38 2 of 38 3 of 38 4 of 38 5 of 38 6 of 38 7 of 38 8 of 38 9 of 38 10 of 38 11 of 38 12 of 38 13 of 38 14 of 38 15 of 38 16 of 38 17 of 38 18 of 38 19 of 38 20 of 38 21 of 38 22 of 38 23 of 38 24 of 38 25 of 38 26 of 38 27 of 38 28 of 38 29 of 38 30 of 38 31 of 38 32 of 38 33 of 38 34 of 38 35 of 38 36 of 38 37 of 38 38 of 38 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Today, those three big airlines – American, Delta and United – have become healthier financially. All have invested in new planes and airport facilities and have become stronger players against their global rivals. Just a decade ago, the threat of bankruptcy -- possibly even liquidation -- had become an ongoing concern for a number of carriers. Low-cost giant Southwest – emboldened by its takeover of AirTran – has also become a true national airline and has expanded internationally for the first time in its history, bringing new competition to Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean. At American itself, ProPublica notes “the combined company has 10% more employees than it had at the time of the merger.” USA TODAY Debut of Southwest's international flying goes smoothly USA TODAY Virgin America earnings: CEO surprised at length of Dallas fare war Further, the divestitures made by American and US Airways – most notably a combination of slots and gate space at Washington Reagan National, New York LaGuardia and Dallas Love Field – have led to new competition from low-cost carriers in those markets. But those who say the merger should’ve been blocked will point to increasing add-on fees and fares that have not dropped along with fuel prices. The now-consolidated U.S. airline industry, those critics will contend, has tipped the scales away from consumers and toward the companies’ interests. “It was a gross miscarriage of justice that that case was dropped and an outrage and an example of how our system should not work,” Tom Horne, the former state attorney general of Arizona, one of seven states that were co-plaintiffs with the federal government, told ProPublica for its piece. Not everyone agrees with that sentiment, of course. But, for those interested in one take on the political process that played out behind the scenes, the ProPublica piece is an interesting read. TWITTER: You can follow me at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share As the final flight for US Airways pulled into Philadelphia, it was a time of reflection for many in the company, including one tearful flight attendant. VPC Tails of USAir, Northwest and American can bee seen this July 30, 2001, photo from Chicago''s O''Hare International Airport.  (Photo: Tim Boyle, Getty Images) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2e3ppEj Most Popular Take a beautiful trip in virtual reality to Yosemite Park with Ken Burns 721 Shares Multiple airlines hit by reservations glitch 273 Shares U.S. passport changes are coming: Here’s what you need to know 152k Shares Ask the Captain: Do airline pilots need a college degree? 58 Shares Lost luggage less likely with new tracking systems True Zoom: Cellphone pictures just got 10 times clearer 265 Shares
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Personal Finance Media & Advertising Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Atlas Air Enters Deal With Boeing To Convert 9 767s Into Freight Aircraft ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Atlas Air Enters Deal With Boeing To Convert 9 767s Into Freight Aircraft By Tomi Kilgore Published October 11, 2016 Markets MarketWatch Pulse Facebook Twitter Print Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Boeing Co. announced Tuesday a deal to convert nine 767 wide-body passenger planes into converted freighters, up from an order of four planes previously-announced in July. In May, Atlas Air had announced a deal to provide air cargo services to Amazon.com Inc. , including the operation of 20 767 freighters. Atlas Air's stock, which was still inactive in premarket trade, has gained 3.8% year to date, while the NYSE Arca Airline Index has climbed 6.9% and the S&P 500 has gained 5.9%. Continue Reading Below Copyright © 2016 MarketWatch, Inc. Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy

Bingo Horoscopes Casino Opinion BuySell Flights Dating Find a Business Jobs Advertise Login Register My account Logout Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Newsletters Our new FREE Daily Record apps are here! Search 1000s of jobs at scotcareers Most read News Sections Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & Technology Top News Families warned to flee New Zealand coast 'immediately' over tsunami sparked by 7.8-magnitude earthquake Most Read in News Watch hilarious spoof of John Lewis Christmas advert featuring Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama Tartan Army chiefs slam drunken fans who desecrated poppy day memorial Extortion suspect accused of demanding £40K for Kenny Miller's wife's lost earrings lives in Rangers striker's house Video catches moment terrifying 7.8-magnitude New Zealand earthquake rocks flats in Wellington Cops who tried to save naked man who fell to his death from Glasgow hotel to be offered counselling Despicable treatment of vulnerable aunt forced film maker to fight back against the system Trending Today Barack Obama Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Gordon Strachan Kenny Miller Popular this week Courts Independence referendum Dangerous dogs Weather Politics Football Sections Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier League European Football Women's Football Football Fixtures Football Results Top News Why can't Scotland qualify for a major tournament if all these countries can? Most Read in Football Average salary in EPL is more than SIXTEEN times higher than that in Scottish Premiership SFA must cast net wide and think outside the box in hunt for Scotland manager - six Hampden hotseat contenders Manchester United players earn more than EIGHT times as much as Celtic stars - new report lays bare financial gulf Why can't Scotland qualify for a major tournament if all these countries can? Celtic looking for winter getaway as they plan warm weather Dubai training camp in January Aberdeen close to selling out League Cup Final ticket allocation as Red Army prepare to descend on Hampden Trending Today Gordon Strachan Stewart Regan Brendan Rodgers Peter Lawwell David Moyes Popular this week Celtic FC Rangers FC Scotland football team Sport Sections Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing Darts Top Sport Football's financial gulf in numbers: Average salary in EPL is more than SIXTEEN times higher than that in Scottish Premiership Most Read in Sport Average salary in EPL is more than SIXTEEN times higher than that in Scottish Premiership SFA must cast net wide and think outside the box in hunt for Scotland manager - six Hampden hotseat contenders Manchester United players earn more than EIGHT times as much as Celtic stars - new report lays bare financial gulf Why can't Scotland qualify for a major tournament if all these countries can? Trending Today Gordon Strachan Stewart Regan Brendan Rodgers Peter Lawwell David Moyes Popular this week Dave King Celtic FC Scottish Premiership Rangers FC Andy Murray TV & Celebs Sections Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity Interviews Top TV & Celebs Sam Lavery eliminated from X Factor after sing-off with Ryan Lawrie as Sharon Osbourne changes her mind Most Read in TV & Celebs 43 stars who have died in 2016 are on this re-worked Sergeant Pepper album cover ... but how many can YOU name? New IRN-BRU TV advert will have viewers in stitches this Christmas.. check it out here Mel B unfollows Geri Horner on social media as the former Ginger Spice announces pregnancy joy X Factor viewers question the relationship between Matt Terry and Nicole Scherzinger Trending Today Muhammad Ali Nicole Scherzinger Matt Terry Daisy Lowe Ed Balls Popular this week Big Brother T In The Park Calvin Harris The Hydro Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Airdrie Ayr Coatbridge Cumbernauld Dumfries & Galloway Dundee East Kilbride Edinburgh Glasgow Hamilton Inverness Irvine Kilmarnock Paisley Perthshire Renfrew Rutherglen Stirling West Dunbartonshire West Lothian Wishaw Alloa Ardrossan Argyll & Bute Bearsden & Milngavie Bishopbriggs Borders Cambuslang Clydebank Cumnock Dunfermline Elgin Falkirk Fort William Girvan Glenrothes Grangemouth Greenock Kirkcaldy Kirkintilloch Largs Motherwell Musselburgh Penicuik Oban Orkney Renfrewshire Saltcoats Shetland St Andrews Western Isles Wigtown Trending US Presidential elections Donald Trump Rangers FC X Factor 2016 Celtic FC Property Business Motoring Travel Your Account Edit Profile Logout Spirit AeroSystems invest £5m in Prestwick site 08:21, 11 Oct 2016 By Scott McCulloch The US-based aerostructure supply company, which works with Airbus and Boeing, was supported in the investment with a £450,000 Regional Selective Assistance Grant from Scottish Enterprise   Share Get business news by email Pic: Spirit Aerosystems Spirit AeroSystems has invested £5 million at its Prestwick site adding a new paint and finishing centre. The US-based aerostructure supply company, which works with Airbus and Boeing, was supported in the investment with a £450,000 Regional Selective Assistance Grant from Scottish Enterprise. Scottish Enterprise said the investment secured 75 jobs at the site. Spirit AeroSystems was also recently awarded a £1 million Training Aid grant from Scottish Enterprise to support the creation of 16 new jobs and safeguards a further 52 roles. Spirit AeroSystems designs and builds large aerostructures, including fuselages, pylons, nacelles and wing components, for both commercial and defense programs. The company's UK operation, Spirit AeroSystems (Europe) Limited, is one of the largest airframe suppliers to Airbus and is a key supplier of major wing structures. Spirit Europe also produces wing structures for Boeing programs. Cabinet Secretary for Economy, Keith Brown, said: “Aerospace is one of our highest value sectors, playing a vital role in Scotland’s economy. “That is why I am delighted to welcome Spirit’s latest £5 million investment in the facility, underlining the achievements of the team and showing real commitment to developing the workforce and operations in Prestwick. “I am sure this will see the company continue to go from strength to strength, increasing efficiency and competitiveness and opening up new markets. “I wish the Spirit team every success moving forward.” Spirit AeroSystems vice president for UK and Malaysia, Scott McLarty, said: “This new finishing centre allows us to better meet the needs of our customers as production rates increase for single aisle aircraft. “We are grateful for the investment by Scottish Enterprise and their partnership with us. “This finishing centre improves our competitiveness as a world-class manufacturer and presents us with new opportunities to continually improve the quality products we deliver for our customers.” In most recent accounts, covering the 2014 year to December, Spirit Europe reported pre-tax profits of £33.6 million on sales totalling £414.1 million, down from profits of £47.2 million and sales of £443.6 million the prior year. The company said the drop in profit was largely down to foreign exchange losses and an increase in interest payments on inter-company loans. TheScottishDailyRecord Recently Published Disqualified driver caught behind the wheel in Prestwick more than five times the limit BANNED James Williamson pled guilty to driving a black Vauxhall car while disqualified and without consent of the owner on the town's Main Street. Popular Prestwick bar Elliots forced to turn customers away after power cut ends Friday night party Difference between Ayrshire schools overseas trips revealed - with some taking 14 and some just three Previous Articles Ryanair boss says that if SNP scrap air passenger duty it would lead to a £400m a year cash bonanza MICHAEL O'Leary said that the budget airliner would immediately create thousands of new jobs if the SNP follows through on it's pledge to scrap the duty. Brain Tumour group is chosen as Prestwick store's new charity Related Tags See Also Taxes Prestwick Recommended in Business News Transport Flybe forced to switch Dundee/Amsterdam service to Edinburgh Retail and Consumer Insider lifestyle: Luxury spas Glasgow Airport Glasgow Airport books 'busiest ever' October Construction Shares in building supply firm SIG drop 20% on profit warning Gender issues IT Matters: Gender and technology Law and Accountancy Morton Fraser scoop legal tenders for road infrastructure projects Supermarkets Social enterprise Brewgooder secures national listing with Asda Most Read in Business Retail and Consumer Insider lifestyle: Luxury spas Rangers FC Rangers sign commercial tie-up with sports social network platform Sportlobster European Union Don't expect overnight success Engineering John M Henderson & Co calls in administrators with the loss of 89 jobs Industry and manufacturing Devro warns on profits and launches 'manufacturing efficiency' drive Recommended on the Record Personal finance Looking at your retirement options? Discover five facts on equity release Wellbeing World Diabetes Day: The link between unhealthy lifestyle and Type 2 diabetes Bullying Kids young as seven trolled online as NSPCC reports 90 per cent rise in cyber-bullying Drugs Tragic Tony Storrie would be alive today if he hadn't taken N-Bomb legal high, sheriff rules Environment New National Geographic series Antarctica sees six teams of scientists decode secrets of the South pole Personal Independence Payments What is PIP and how can you claim your benefits? Personal Independence Payments 'To be devalued for the sake of a benefit isn't acceptable': Mum-of-one Lorraine Cameron set up support group after attending benefits test Scottish Daily Record View: Desktop Mobile About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Advertising Jobs Competition Rules Cookie Policy How to Complain Archive Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paid subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paid subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions News Scottish News UK & World Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & Technology Sport Football Boxing Golf Horse Racing Rugby Motor sports Tennis Other sports CELEBS Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity Interviews Video Games Opinion News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Life & Style Horoscopes Fashion & Beauty Health & Fitness Food & Drink Family & Relationships Travel Money Motoring Competitions Property © Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Consultancy / Audit Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel You are here: ET Home›Industry›Services›Consultancy / Audit 04:05 PM | 11 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,819-698.86 NIFTY 50 8,296-229.45 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,344-556.0 USD/INR 67.240.61 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW PMO seeks to rope in top global consultancy McKinsey to push ease of doing business By Satish John, ET Bureau | Updated: Oct 12, 2016, 06.54 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Unilever | Prime Minister’s Office | PMO | Novartis | Misrepresentation | McKinsey | Ease of Doing Business Senior-most bureaucrats from the PMO met representatives of McKinsey and top executives of the Indian subsidiaries of Boeing, Unilever, Coca Cola, ABB and Vodafone. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Unilever x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Novartis x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ MUMBAI: The prime minister’s office (PMO) has made a rare outreach to top global consultancy McKinsey and several MNCs operating in India to discuss ways to unshackle India’s burdensome regulations to enhance the ease of doing business in India, three people who attended the meeting told ET. Senior-most bureaucrats from the PMO met representatives of McKinsey and top executives of the Indian subsidiaries of Boeing, Unilever, Coca Cola, ABB and Vodafone on September 24. Modi’s trusted bureaucrat Nripendra Misra, principal secretary at the PMO, with other bureaucrats sat through a detailed presentation by McKinsey’s senior partner Alok Kshirsagar and his team on ideas to improve the way business is done in India, the sources said. Kshirsagar’s presentation also had CEOs including Vodafone’s Sunil Sood, Boeing India’s Pratyush Kumar. Hindustan Unilever’s Sanjiv Mehta, Venkatesh Kini of Coca Cola, Sanjeev Sharma of ABB, Ranjit Shahani of Novartis among others. Misra chaired the meeting with a phalanx of bureaucrats from the PMO including Amitabh Kant, CEO, Niti Aayog and joint secretaries TV Somanathan and Anurag Jain. Digitisation of labour law compliance and extending Modi’s `self-certification’ initiative for individuals and companies, with sufficient deterrence for misrepresentation, was among the issues that were on top of the agenda of the meeting Misra chaired, they said. Ways to streamline onerous compliance processes, eliminating paperwork and obsolete processes and resolve inconsistencies across ministries was also discussed as also the need to iron out differences in Indian and global standards. One of the senior bureaucrats present at the meeting was reluctant to elaborate on what transpired saying it is “early days yet.” Two CEOs who were present at the meeting corroborated this, but declined further comment saying the discussions were confidential. An email sent to McKinsey & Co’s Indian operations sought time but later said their officials were travelling. Misra is said to have assigned tasks to his bureaucrat colleagues for a time-bound plan and directed them to take “rapid action” on the prioritised items. One point that engaged all was a plan to rationalise central and state procedures by simplifying and digitising labour law compliance. Eliminating the use of physical registers at factories and service enterprises and developing clear guidelines at service enterprises and factories by expanding the use of Shram Suvidha portal for all central labour laws to as a single online window was a suggestion that found favour. It is learnt that the PMO will be closely monitoring the progress on this front. The principal secretary will conduct a review in 30 days. Increasing the use of self-certification by companies and clear norms for penalties and resolution of disputes was also discussed. The movement towards a trust-based compliance regime will be bolstered with heavy penalties for violations, as is prevalent in the western economies, was a solution suggested. Increase the use of accredited 3rd party certification agencies for accredited labs for food that may have raised concerns was also discussed, presumably prompted by the recent fallout from the Nestle Maggi fiasco. Another important topic that the top brass of corporate India discussed was the need to harmonise reporting requirements and formats including MCA 21 and accelerate use of Udyog Adhar and integrate it with e-biz portal. One of the problems identified was that once the inspectors checked the compliance of government norms, a follow-up was not strictly carried out. The meeting arrived at a consensus on need to make inspectors vigorously follow up on post-compliance outcomes, and draft standardised metrics for them to use in major sectors. It is important to see how many trees have survived and not how many trees have been planted, it was pointed out at the meeting. Another issue was to have MNCs expand the use of micro, small and medium enterprises by letting vendor financing solutions as a negotiable instrument to meet the 45-day payment requirement. One of the submissions made at the meeting was to have uniform guidelines for cell towers and right of way to be deployed across municipalities and states. Currently, the industry needs at least 10 approvals per tower and each has differing interpretations The government is also looking at digitising aerospace and defence outset compliance processes which currently involved 1000 plus pages of paperwork. The group also argued for a predictable time period of 6-8 weeks from notification of price changes and execution and move to a prospective mandate. For instance, price changes for pharma products should be only for those manufactured on or after the date of notification rather than requiring the recall and waste of existing stock to re-label each one. However, legal circles are not very enthused. They believe only legislative actions can change things in a more lasting way and brainstorming in itself means little in way of government setting policy. “This is not easy. There are legislative provisions that need to be changed. Unless that is changed, there is no point of window dressing,” Suhas Tuljapurkar, managing partner, Legasis Partners. Saying that what the government hope to do is systematically move away from the current regime which is “comply or perish” to the next level of “comply or explain,” which is prevalent in U.K and other European nations. “The mindsets of regulators and inspectors have to move towards that,” Tulzapurkar added. Otherwise, whatever the government does will be “merely a whitewash.” The meeting also discussed increased accountability of self-regulatory bodies like Advertising Standards Council of India. After the deliberations, Misra apparently expressed enthusiasm for a similar meeting on enhancing trade and investments with the group of CEOs with a focus on easing domestic and international processes to facilitate rapid growth. ET View Centre & states must push reforms The Prime Minister’s initiative is welcome, given the commendable goals he has set to improve India’s position in the ease of doing business. Hopefully, big ideas will emanate. But there are many obvious things for both the Centre and states to do in areas such as enforcing contracts and improving courts to resolve disputes. India also needs swiftly operationalize the bankruptcy code to resolve insolvency. Doing business here is tardy due to the opaqueness in political funding. Reform to make poll funding transparent will bring about a sea change. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow READ MORE ON » Unilever | Prime Minister’s Office | PMO | Novartis | Misrepresentation | McKinsey | Ease of Doing Business Follow this section for latest news on Consultancy / Audit EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Japan fights China for PM Narendra Modi's plan to get you high-speed trains Public parks over Rs 38,670 crore in SBI alone since yesterday Thousands of trucks stranded as fuel outlets & toll plazas refuse Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes High-security Rs 500 notes released for distribution Over 600 jewellers asked to give details of gold sales More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Consultancy / Audit Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel You are here: ET Home›Industry›Services›Consultancy / Audit 04:05 PM | 11 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,819-698.86 NIFTY 50 8,296-229.45 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,344-556.0 USD/INR 67.240.61 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW PMO seeks to rope in top global consultancy McKinsey to push ease of doing business By Satish John, ET Bureau | Updated: Oct 12, 2016, 06.54 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Unilever | Prime Minister’s Office | PMO | Novartis | Misrepresentation | McKinsey | Ease of Doing Business Senior-most bureaucrats from the PMO met representatives of McKinsey and top executives of the Indian subsidiaries of Boeing, Unilever, Coca Cola, ABB and Vodafone. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Unilever x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Novartis x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ MUMBAI: The prime minister’s office (PMO) has made a rare outreach to top global consultancy McKinsey and several MNCs operating in India to discuss ways to unshackle India’s burdensome regulations to enhance the ease of doing business in India, three people who attended the meeting told ET. Senior-most bureaucrats from the PMO met representatives of McKinsey and top executives of the Indian subsidiaries of Boeing, Unilever, Coca Cola, ABB and Vodafone on September 24. Modi’s trusted bureaucrat Nripendra Misra, principal secretary at the PMO, with other bureaucrats sat through a detailed presentation by McKinsey’s senior partner Alok Kshirsagar and his team on ideas to improve the way business is done in India, the sources said. Kshirsagar’s presentation also had CEOs including Vodafone’s Sunil Sood, Boeing India’s Pratyush Kumar. Hindustan Unilever’s Sanjiv Mehta, Venkatesh Kini of Coca Cola, Sanjeev Sharma of ABB, Ranjit Shahani of Novartis among others. Misra chaired the meeting with a phalanx of bureaucrats from the PMO including Amitabh Kant, CEO, Niti Aayog and joint secretaries TV Somanathan and Anurag Jain. Digitisation of labour law compliance and extending Modi’s `self-certification’ initiative for individuals and companies, with sufficient deterrence for misrepresentation, was among the issues that were on top of the agenda of the meeting Misra chaired, they said. Ways to streamline onerous compliance processes, eliminating paperwork and obsolete processes and resolve inconsistencies across ministries was also discussed as also the need to iron out differences in Indian and global standards. One of the senior bureaucrats present at the meeting was reluctant to elaborate on what transpired saying it is “early days yet.” Two CEOs who were present at the meeting corroborated this, but declined further comment saying the discussions were confidential. An email sent to McKinsey & Co’s Indian operations sought time but later said their officials were travelling. Misra is said to have assigned tasks to his bureaucrat colleagues for a time-bound plan and directed them to take “rapid action” on the prioritised items. One point that engaged all was a plan to rationalise central and state procedures by simplifying and digitising labour law compliance. Eliminating the use of physical registers at factories and service enterprises and developing clear guidelines at service enterprises and factories by expanding the use of Shram Suvidha portal for all central labour laws to as a single online window was a suggestion that found favour. It is learnt that the PMO will be closely monitoring the progress on this front. The principal secretary will conduct a review in 30 days. Increasing the use of self-certification by companies and clear norms for penalties and resolution of disputes was also discussed. The movement towards a trust-based compliance regime will be bolstered with heavy penalties for violations, as is prevalent in the western economies, was a solution suggested. Increase the use of accredited 3rd party certification agencies for accredited labs for food that may have raised concerns was also discussed, presumably prompted by the recent fallout from the Nestle Maggi fiasco. Another important topic that the top brass of corporate India discussed was the need to harmonise reporting requirements and formats including MCA 21 and accelerate use of Udyog Adhar and integrate it with e-biz portal. One of the problems identified was that once the inspectors checked the compliance of government norms, a follow-up was not strictly carried out. The meeting arrived at a consensus on need to make inspectors vigorously follow up on post-compliance outcomes, and draft standardised metrics for them to use in major sectors. It is important to see how many trees have survived and not how many trees have been planted, it was pointed out at the meeting. Another issue was to have MNCs expand the use of micro, small and medium enterprises by letting vendor financing solutions as a negotiable instrument to meet the 45-day payment requirement. One of the submissions made at the meeting was to have uniform guidelines for cell towers and right of way to be deployed across municipalities and states. Currently, the industry needs at least 10 approvals per tower and each has differing interpretations The government is also looking at digitising aerospace and defence outset compliance processes which currently involved 1000 plus pages of paperwork. The group also argued for a predictable time period of 6-8 weeks from notification of price changes and execution and move to a prospective mandate. For instance, price changes for pharma products should be only for those manufactured on or after the date of notification rather than requiring the recall and waste of existing stock to re-label each one. However, legal circles are not very enthused. They believe only legislative actions can change things in a more lasting way and brainstorming in itself means little in way of government setting policy. “This is not easy. There are legislative provisions that need to be changed. Unless that is changed, there is no point of window dressing,” Suhas Tuljapurkar, managing partner, Legasis Partners. Saying that what the government hope to do is systematically move away from the current regime which is “comply or perish” to the next level of “comply or explain,” which is prevalent in U.K and other European nations. “The mindsets of regulators and inspectors have to move towards that,” Tulzapurkar added. Otherwise, whatever the government does will be “merely a whitewash.” The meeting also discussed increased accountability of self-regulatory bodies like Advertising Standards Council of India. After the deliberations, Misra apparently expressed enthusiasm for a similar meeting on enhancing trade and investments with the group of CEOs with a focus on easing domestic and international processes to facilitate rapid growth. ET View Centre & states must push reforms The Prime Minister’s initiative is welcome, given the commendable goals he has set to improve India’s position in the ease of doing business. Hopefully, big ideas will emanate. But there are many obvious things for both the Centre and states to do in areas such as enforcing contracts and improving courts to resolve disputes. India also needs swiftly operationalize the bankruptcy code to resolve insolvency. Doing business here is tardy due to the opaqueness in political funding. Reform to make poll funding transparent will bring about a sea change. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in India's most successful real estate project. LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com Meryl Streep Finally Reveals Her Outrageous Home (Photos) Lonny MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Change in Donald Trump's statement in Muslims entering USA Over 600 jewellers asked to give details of gold sales Demonetisation would only affect common man: P Chidambaram From Around the Web More from The Economic Times How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi This game will keep you up all night! Pirates: Free Online Game What Does Your English Surname Say About You? Ancestry I Stopped Paying for "Pink Razors" and Joined Dollar Shave.. Dollar Shave Club Melania likes Michelle Obama, says Donald Trump Donald Trump's immigration plan may help Indians in US ​ Donald Trump doesn't rule out 'amended' Obamacare: Report Explosion at NATO air base in Afghanistan causes casualties READ MORE ON » Unilever | Prime Minister’s Office | PMO | Novartis | Misrepresentation | McKinsey | Ease of Doing Business Follow this section for latest news on Consultancy / Audit EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Japan fights China for PM Narendra Modi's plan to get you high-speed trains Public parks over Rs 38,670 crore in SBI alone since yesterday Thousands of trucks stranded as fuel outlets & toll plazas refuse Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes High-security Rs 500 notes released for distribution Over 600 jewellers asked to give details of gold sales More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stocks rise as energy gains nearly 2% CNBC 10/10/2016 Fred Imbert Click to expand Replay Video This retailer is closing nearly all of its stores: report Kenneth Cole will reportedly close most of its stores in the next six months. Veuer Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales The second amendment is safe under President-elect Donald Trump -- so why are gun stocks suffering? CNN Money Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results The tech industry leader said those who believe the hype show a "profound lack of empathy." Newsy PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Pisani: Crude's the story again CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next This retailer is closing nearly all of its stores: report Veuer0:49 Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales CNN Money1:11 Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results Newsy1:16 Trump's infrastructure investment plan evokes Ayn Rand The Wall Street Journal.3:38 Newsweek prematurely ships out Madam President magazine cover Inside Edition0:37 The net worth of American presidents 24/7 Wall St.0:54 Buffett after Trump win: '100%' optimistic about America CNN Money20:55 New Balance sparks social media backlash The Wall Street Journal.1:38 5 ways to win Black Friday Credit.com1:22 Alibaba Singles Day sales break $5 billion in an hour Reuters0:59 Trump win signal a Keystone Pipeline comeback? Fox Business3:28 Moment of silence at NYSE Reuters0:40 Transitioning veterans to the workforce Bloomberg2:37 Apple introduces a support app In the App Store Wochit Tech0:36 How Trump's trade policies may impact the global economy Bloomberg2:48 No, a global recession isn't imminent Forbes2:10 UP NEXT Stocks traded higher on Monday, following the second presidential debate while investors digested a rise in oil prices. "You have more clarity from the U.S. election, with the uncertainty from that heading lower; you've got less uncertainty from OPEC, and that's bullish for stocks," said Adam Sarhan, CEO of Sarhan Capital. Quotes in the article TD Ameritrade Holding Corp AMTD ▲ 36.68 +0.77 +2.14% The Dow Jones industrial average rose 150 points, with Apple and Boeing contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 gained more than 0.7 percent, with energy rising about 1.8 percent to lead all sectors higher. "A breakout appears likely from a short-term momentum standpoint, and we highlight shifts on the macro front that are indicative of risk-on positioning," said Katie Stockton, chief technical strategist at BTIG. "Consecutive daily closes above the 50-day moving average near 2158 would mark a breakout and set the stage for new all-time highs, with only minor resistance at the August high near 2194." The Nasdaq composite advanced approximately 0.9 percent, with Apple and the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (IBB) gaining more than 1 percent. U.S. crude rose more than 3.4 percent to $51.54 per barrel while Brent futures hit a one-year high after Russian President Vladimir Putin said Russia is ready to join a proposed cap on oil output by OPEC members. Putin, speaking at an energy congress in the Turkish city of Istanbul, said he hoped that OPEC members would confirm the decision to adopt quotas for output when the organization meets in November. "This has removed the uncertainty and now we are in clear," said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at Think Markets, in a morning note. "However, it is important to keep in mind that unless we see the planned action complete, caution may the best practice. If history tells us anything, it is this that these major oil players also have habit to not to respect the agreed agreement." Investors were also keeping an eye on the U.S. presidential election. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton squared off in a town hall-style debate Sunday night in St. Louis. Trump, in particular, largely stuck to personal attacks, threatening at one point that he would "get a special prosecutor" to look into Clinton's handling of classified information if he were elected president. "I would have to agree that the market is taking at [a tie]," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. "If the market had thought that Trump had gotten a positive gain, we wouldn't be higher." U.S. futures traded higher before the opening bell, with Dow futures rising more than 100 points, while S&P and Nasdaq futures gained 11.75 points and 24.25 points, respectively. Still, Cardillo said trading volume was likely to be light on Monday, given the Columbus Day holiday during which U.S. banks were closed. The Mexican peso shot more than 2 percent higher against the dollar on Monday. The dollar-Mexican peso trade has been a proxy trade during the election, given Trump's desire to build a wall along the Mexican border and call to go as far as withdrawing the U.S. from NAFTA if he were elected. Trump "had a better evening compared to his previous showdown with the former Secretary of State, yet all polls currently suggest that the Democrat will be the one to pack her bags for the White House," said Jeremy Klein, chief market strategist at FBN Securities. Trump's campaign has been under fire recently, after a leaked 2005 video of the GOP standard bearer's vulgar remarks about women caused uproar. In economic news, there are no major data due Monday. The U.S. bonds market was also closed due to the Columbus Day holiday. The dollar rose 0.2 percent against a basket of currencies, with the euro near $1.116 and the yen around 103.5. Currency traders also kept an eye on the British pound, following its "flash crash" against the dollar last week. The pound traded 0.5 percent lower against the dollar, near $1.237. Overseas, European equities rose after receiving a boost from crude prices. The pan-European Stoxx 600 index gained 0.59 percent. In Asia, stocks closed mixed. In corporate news, Mylan agreed to pay $465 million to settle charges that it overcharged the government for its EpiPen products. Meanwhile, Twitter shares fell more than 14 percent after Bloomberg reported the company was unlikely to be bought out by another company. —Reuters contributed to this report. On tap this week: Monday Bond market closed for Columbus Day 10 p.m.: Chicago Fed President Charles Evans speaks on the economy and monetary policy Tuesday Earnings: Alcoa, Fastenal 6 a.m.: NFIB survey 11 a.m.: Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari Wednesday Earnings: CSX 8 a.m.: New York Fed President Bill Dudley speaks with the Business Council of New York State 9:40 a.m.: Kansas City Fed President Esther George speaks at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Annual Payments Symposium 10 a.m.: JOLTS 2 p.m.: Fed minutes Thursday Earnings: Taiwan Semiconductor, Unilever, First Republic Bank, Sky, Marriott Vacations, Winnebago 8:30 a.m.: Jobless claims 8:30 a.m.: Import prices 12:15 p.m.: Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker speaks on the economic outlook 2 p.m.: Federal budget 9 p.m.: Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari speaks at a town hall on "Ending too big to fail," the role of the Federal Reserve and other topics Friday Earnings: Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, PNC Financial Services, Infosys, Commerce Bancshares 8:30 a.m.: Retail sales 8:30 a.m.: PPI 10 a.m.: Consumer sentiment 10 a.m.: Business inventories 1:30 p.m.: Fed Chair Janet Yellen speaks on "Macroeconomic research after the crisis" 9 p.m.: Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari speaks at a town hall on "Ending too big to fail," the role of the Federal Reserve and other topics *Planner subject to change. All times Eastern. Go to MSN Home More in Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY The world's most valuable stamps Lovemoney 6 Social Security changes coming in 2017 U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 14 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Qatar Airways orders 40 Boeing aircraft By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 10, 2016 Qatar Airways has ordered 30 787-9 Dreamliners, and 10 777-300ERs valued at USD11.7 billion from Boeing (NYSE: BA), the company said. Qatar Airways signed a letter of intent for up to 60 737 MAX 8s, valued at USD6.9 billion at list prices, which builds on the airline´s current fleet of 84 Boeing aircraft, a combination of 787s and 777s, all delivered over the last nine years. With this new order, Qatar Airways increases its firm order backlog of Boeing wide body airplanes from 65 to 105, including 60 777Xs. Boeing´s newest family of single-aisle airplanes — 737 MAX 7, 737 MAX 8, 737 MAX 9 and 737 MAX 200 — builds on the next-generation 737´s popularity and reliability while delivering fuel efficiency in the single-aisle market, with deliveries scheduled to begin in 2017. Related posts Lane Crawford picks Orange to improve digital shopping experience November 10, 2016 Orange Business Services has been chosen by multi-brand designer label luxury retailer Lane Crawford to... RiskLens names CFO, VP/M November 10, 2016 Cyber risk quantification solutions provider RiskLens, Inc. has named Dave Sutor the Chief Financial Officer,... Viptela partners with CA Technologies on SD-WAN infrastructures November 10, 2016 Viptela has partnered with CA Technologies to integrate Viptela´s Software Defined-Wide Area Network (SD-WAN) platform... CA Technologies names new CFO November 10, 2016 CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) has appointed Kieran J. McGrath new executive vice president and chief financial... Comtech Telecommunications, ip.access enable LTE mobile connectivity November 10, 2016 Comtech Telecommunications Corp.´s Canadian subsidiary Memotec and cell solutions provider ip.access have completed joint performance... « United Airlines partners with relief organizations to support those affected by Hurricane Matthew NAV CANADA releases greenhouse gas emissions savings report » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Economy 2016-10-10T16:40+02:00 16:40 10.10.2016 Progresstech-Ukraine: Share of Ukrainians involved in Boeing projects grows in last three years The share of Ukrainian professionals involved in Boeing projects has increased significantly over the past three years - from 0.1% to 2%. According to the press service of the Progresstech-Ukraine engineering company, its director Andriy Fialkovsky said this at the international aviation forum Aerocongress 2016. According to him, three years ago the share of Ukrainians involved in modeling next generation Boeing aircraft did not exceed 0.1%, and Ukrainian engineers working outside the country were involved in this work. "We returned them to Ukraine, offering highly intellectual jobs, and invited new talented engineers," he said. Fialkovsky expressed hope that in the coming years this figure will increase by 1.5-2 times. He also noted a gradual increase in the demand for engineering services from Ukrainian aviation market entities. Given the apparent revival of air traffic, managers of Ukrainian airports, who think several moves ahead, are already preparing for the arrival of new airlines and accepting new types of aircraft. Many of them need to upgrade infrastructure, prepare for the increase in passenger traffic. Economy IMPORTANT Cabinet approves agreement with Indonesia on abolition of visas for citizens with diplomatic passports Poroshenko submits to Rada bill on protection of defrauded depositors of banks SBU uncovers UAH 30 mln theft at Ukrzaliznytsia Government approves draft agreement on FATCA with U.S. Government wants to resume tractor production in Ukraine LATEST NACP approves order of verifying e-declarations Lviv passes draft budget for 2017 - Sadovy Cabinet approves draft protocol on geographical cooperation with Turkey Information Policy Ministry to develop strategy of Donbas information reintegration by Dec 15 Impossible to restore Kherson cotton factory – Kherson regional governor ADVERTISING SOCIAL ADVERTISING Ukraine U.S. UK Russia Kazakhstan Belarus Customer Login: Newswires Terminal Stock Market УКР РУС ENG Press Center Products & Services About agency Home Facts Economy Video Sport Trial Access Special Topics: Gas War Budget Crimea Syria U.S. Rada E-declaration ADVERTISING ADVERTISING ADVERTISING ADVERTISING Loading... ADVERTISING ADVERTISING ADVERTISING ADVERTISING http://tvgid.ua ADVERTISING WEATHER изучение английского продажа Landwind Квартиры в Вишневом ADVERTISING Press Center Products & Services Mobile Version Jobs About agency © 1992-2016, Интерфакс-Украина. Все права защищены Вся информация, размещенная на данном веб-сайте, предназначена только для персонального использования и не подлежит дальнейшему воспроизведению и/или распространению в какой-либо форме, иначе как с письменного разрешения "Интерфакс-Украина". Ukraine U.S. UK Russia Kazakhstan Belarus
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 14 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing reports Q3 2016 deliveries By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 10, 2016 The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA) has reported third quarter 2016 deliveries of announced today deliveries across its commercial and defense operations for the third quarter of 2016, the company said. In the third quarter 2016, Boeing delivered 188 commercial aircraft; year-to-date 2016, the company delivered 563 aircraft. Boeing is a large aerospace company and manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems. The company supports airlines and US and allied government customers in 150 countries. Related posts Lane Crawford picks Orange to improve digital shopping experience November 10, 2016 Orange Business Services has been chosen by multi-brand designer label luxury retailer Lane Crawford to... RiskLens names CFO, VP/M November 10, 2016 Cyber risk quantification solutions provider RiskLens, Inc. has named Dave Sutor the Chief Financial Officer,... Viptela partners with CA Technologies on SD-WAN infrastructures November 10, 2016 Viptela has partnered with CA Technologies to integrate Viptela´s Software Defined-Wide Area Network (SD-WAN) platform... CA Technologies names new CFO November 10, 2016 CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) has appointed Kieran J. McGrath new executive vice president and chief financial... Comtech Telecommunications, ip.access enable LTE mobile connectivity November 10, 2016 Comtech Telecommunications Corp.´s Canadian subsidiary Memotec and cell solutions provider ip.access have completed joint performance... « Hawaiian Airlines reports 3% increase in Q3 2016 passenger traffic AAR awarded contract to provide component management/repair services South African Air » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
null
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Security HOME SECURITY MILITARY CAPABILITIES ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Military Capabilities South Korea to buy two more Peace Eye early warning aircraft Gareth Jennings, London - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 10 October 2016 The RoKAF has plans to add a further two Peace Eye AEW&C aircraft to the four it already fields. Source: RoKAF South Korea is to acquire a further two Boeing E-737 airborne early warning and control (AEW&C) aircraft to add to the four fielded since 2012, national media reported on 9 October. An unidentified source within the Republic of Korea Air Force (RoKAF) was quoted by the Yonhap news agency confirming plans to buy two further E-737 AEW&C platforms, dubbed Peace Eye in national service. The Peace Eye programme was launched by South Korea in 2006 to provide airborne early warning coverage throughout the entire Korean peninsula, as well as some parts of China and Japan. Deliveries of the first four aircraft to Gimhae Air Base in South Gyeongsang Province were completed in October 2012. The E-737 AEW&C aircraft is built around the Northrop Grumman multirole electronically scanned array (MESA) surveillance radar that is mounted in a dorsal fairing above the rear fuselage. This MESA radar provides 360° coverage at ranges in excess of 174 n miles (322 km; 200 miles) for aerial targets and 130 n miles (241 km; 150 miles) for patrol boat-sized surface contacts. These ranges can be significantly increased if the radar's power is focused in a particular direction, rather than applied in a general sweep. The aircraft's patrol endurance of nine hours at 300 n miles from base can be extended by aerial refuelling using either the standard boom-and-receptacle method, or via a hose-and-drogue conversion. The aircraft carries a flight crew of two and a mission crew of six to 10. South Korea procured the E-737 AEW&C as part of a wider effort to expand its airborne surveillance and early warning infrastructure. The country already has four Hawker 800SIG Paekdu (also known as Baekdu)/Peace Pioneer signals intelligence (SIGINT) aircraft and four Peace Krypton Hawker 800RA radar surveillance aircraft, and has also announced plans to buy four Northrop Grumman RQ-4 Global Hawk high-altitude, long-endurance (HALE) unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (335 of 367 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Security Intelligence Solutions IHS Jane's Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Defence IHS Jane's Military and Security Assessments IHS Jane's Terrorism & Insurgency Centre IHS Jane's Military Capabilities IHS Jane's Security: News Module IHS Jane's Defence Weekly ASIA New North Korean corvettes spotted COUNTRY RISK British Army completes overhaul of equipment used in Afghanistan MILITARY CAPABILITIES China offers anti-stealth radars for export INDUSTRY DCNS proposes corvette, frigate designs for Indonesian Navy requirements SEA PLATFORMS DSME to receive additional funds to support restructuring INDUSTRY ASIA New North Korean corvettes spotted COUNTRY RISK British Army completes overhaul of equipment used in Afghanistan MILITARY CAPABILITIES China offers anti-stealth radars for export INDUSTRY DCNS proposes corvette, frigate designs for Indonesian Navy requirements SEA PLATFORMS DSME to receive additional funds to support restructuring INDUSTRY MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS New North Korean corvettes spotted COUNTRY RISK Iranian parliament approves president's cabinet reshuffle, indicating continued coalition support ahead of election COUNTRY RISK British Army completes overhaul of equipment used in Afghanistan MILITARY CAPABILITIES Kaliningrad becoming a more dangerous military threat for NATO, say officials COUNTRY RISK NATO stands up 'Sea Guardian', noting submarine role COUNTRY RISK MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS New North Korean corvettes spotted COUNTRY RISK Iranian parliament approves president's cabinet reshuffle, indicating continued coalition support ahead of election COUNTRY RISK British Army completes overhaul of equipment used in Afghanistan MILITARY CAPABILITIES Kaliningrad becoming a more dangerous military threat for NATO, say officials COUNTRY RISK NATO stands up 'Sea Guardian', noting submarine role COUNTRY RISK IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY New North Korean corvettes spotted IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY British Army completes overhaul of equipment used in Afghanistan IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY China offers anti-stealth radars for export IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Kaliningrad becoming a more dangerous military threat for NATO, say officials IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Brazil seeking fixed-wing aircraft and attack helicopters IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY New North Korean corvettes spotted COUNTRY RISK British Army completes overhaul of equipment used in Afghanistan MILITARY CAPABILITIES China offers anti-stealth radars for export INDUSTRY Kaliningrad becoming a more dangerous military threat for NATO, say officials COUNTRY RISK Brazil seeking fixed-wing aircraft and attack helicopters INDUSTRY FEATURED REPORT French security reforms fail to resolve concerns Ahead of the second anniversary on 7 January 2017 of the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris, Alix Valenti surveys how well a comprehensive reorganisation of the French security apparatus, amid growing police discontent, has addressed rising security threats. Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
null
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Delta Plans Changes to Regional Jet Fleet Delta Plans Changes to Regional Jet Fleet Duration: 00:43s - Published: on September 27, 2016< > Embed Delta Air Lines plans to purchase larger regional jets from Boeing at a cost of $2 billion. But according to a Bloomberg report, the commercial airliner is still waiting on the pilots' union to accept an overhaul of the regional fleet. Citing a memo sent internally, Bloomberg's report noted that Delta is looking to increasing the small fleet with up to 50 more planes. The smaller regional jets will have a seating range of 70 to 76 passengers. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Delta Plans Changes to Regional Jet Fleet Delta Air Lines plans to purchase larger regional jets from Boeing at a cost of $2 billion. But according to a Bloomberg report, the commercial airliner is still waiting on the pilots' union to accept an overhaul of the regional fleet. Citing a memo sent internally, Bloomberg's report noted that Delta is looking to increasing the small fleet with up to 50 more planes. The smaller regional jets will have a seating range of 70 to 76 passengers. Recent related news Can Stronger Regional Partnerships Help UN Promote Global Stability – AnalysisBy Rajeesh Kumar The recent United Nations Security Council meeting on cooperation between the UN... Eurasia Review 1 week ago - World You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Gary Sinise Chevy Chase Leon Russell Dave Chappelle Current Topics New Zealand Tsunami Christchurch Powerful Earthquake Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Time To Get Animated: WhatsApp Now Supports GIFs Michael Moore's Five-Step 'Election Morning-After' Checklist Goes Viral MOVIE REVIEW: Trolls It's Official: The Simpsons Has More Episodes Than Any Other Scripted Show In History Donald Trumps Clinton: The 45th US President Emerges Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Find & Save el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Local Obituaries October 11, 2016 6:35 PM Sandra Jaggard, state lawyer who worked most Miami death-penalty cases, dies at 51 Florida Senior Assistant Attorney General Sandy Jaggard. JESSICA BAL Miami Herald archive i By David Ovalle dovalle@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Known for her encyclopedic command of the law, Florida senior assistant attorney general Sandra Jaggard helped keep some of Miami’s most notorious killers on Death Row. Jaggard was a unique person with a unique job. A one-time engineer who worked on the Space Station, Jaggard forged a niche as the prosecutorial authority on capital litigation in South Florida, writing complex briefs, making concise arguments before judges and earning the trust of people whose loved ones had been murdered, sometimes decades before. Jaggard died unexpectedly Tuesday of a suspected heart attack. She was 51. Her death stunned colleagues at Miami’s criminal courthouse, where Jaggard was a fixture not only in arguing appeals but helping prosecutors. “I always marveled at her legal talents. Sandy was the go-to person if you needed a case on point or wanted a sounding board to explore legal arguments,” said Associate Deputy Attorney General Carolyn Snurkowski, a colleague of more than two decades. “She was a brilliant lawyer,” said Miami-Dade Assistant State Attorney Penny Brill, the head of her office’s legal bureau who worked alongside her on appeals. “It’s such a loss to both offices. She meant so much to us.” Jaggard was born May 2, 1965, in Woodbury, New Jersey. Along with her family, she moved to Huntsville, Alabama, and later attended Vanderbilt University, earning a degree in biomedical engineering in the early 1980s. Her father, a physician, died at age 52, also of a heart attack. After college, Jaggard worked at Boeing, focused on the life-support module for the Space Station, according to her family and friends. Jaggard later moved to South Florida, where she enrolled at the University of Miami’s law school. She graduated in 1994 and was soon hired at the Florida Attorney General’s Office. It was here that she built her reputation working in the complex field of capital litigation, working to keep intact convictions and death sentences. She could recite minute details from transcripts of a decades-old trial, every sort of criminal-court rule and arcane and complex case law. “She had a phenomenal memory,” said Miami-Dade prosecutor Fleur Lobree, her best friend and longtime roommate. “She was really an intellectual person. She liked the intellectual challenges of the most significant cases.” Jaggard wrote the briefs and did oral arguments in the notorious 1994 torture murders of Frank Griga and Krisztina Furton, committed by a crew of Miami bodybuilders. The convictions and death sentences for the killers, Daniel Lugo and Adrian Noel Doorbal remain intact. Her work remains the authority on racketeering murder cases, said Miami-Dade prosecutor Gail Levine, who tried the case and worked often with Jaggard. “She really felt the pain of Frank and Krisztina,” Levine said. “She had a passion for what she did. She understood the difference between good and evil.” Jaggard spearheaded the appeals virtually every major death-penalty case in Miami-Dade, including Thomas Knight, who murdered a husband-and-wife and a prison guard; Manuel Pardo, the ex-Sweetwater cop who became a serial killer, and Marshall Lee Gore, a serial rapist and killer. Each man was executed in recent years. “Sandra Jaggard was a tenacious and passionate lawyer who spent her career protecting victims and Florida’s citizens from the most violent criminals,” Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said. “She will be greatly missed.” Before she died, Jaggard was handling 27 capital cases. For the scope of her work, she was honored for “outstanding appellate advocacy” by the Association of Government Attorneys in Capital Litigation in 2010. In court, Jaggard had a tough exterior with a wry sense of humor, her colleagues remembered — but she never failed to mentor young lawyers. “Her heart of gold was always just below the surface,” Snurkowski said. “She prided herself as being tough but in fact was a very warm and caring person.” Outside of court, Jaggard loved cooking and baking, marking every holiday season by passing out fudge and other treats to fellow lawyers. She also loved to travel. Despite an often-punishing work schedule, Jaggard rarely missed a holiday gathering with her siblings and eight nieces and nephews. “She was a pretty doting aunt, exceptionally so,” said her brother, John Jaggard. Jaggard is survived by her siblings: Susan Jaggard-Ottemiller, Cindy Jaggard-Everett, Clarence Jaggard Jr. and John Jaggard. Services are pending. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Local Obituaries Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:37 Anti-Trump protest sparks in Miami Pause 0:21 Anti-Donald Trump protesters chant 'Not my president' 2:05 Hillary Clinton criticizes Donald Trump at Fort Lauderdale rally 3:18 Broward's elections supervisor discusses ballots possibly missing Amendment 2 1:38 Proud Marine, age 98, hopes to be here for next election 2:57 Trump, Obama meet for first time at White House 3:15 Miami Heat forward Justise Winslow says Heat loss to Jazz is because of lack of effort 2:02 Carol City routs Dillard 0:52 King Tide takes park visitors by surprise 1:33 Touring the prison set for Netflix show about famed Colombian assassin Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 hours ago Anti-Donald Trump protesters cross bridge onto Fort Lauderdale Beach 0:22 3 hours ago Anti-Donald Trump protesters cross bridge onto Fort Lauderdale Beach 0:21 3 hours ago Anti-Donald Trump protesters chant 'Not my president' 3:15 a day ago Miami Heat forward Justise Winslow says Heat loss to Jazz is because of lack of effort View more video Guest Book First Name Last Name Powered by Legacy.com © Death Notices To place a Death Notice, please call 305-376-8901 or email obit@miamiherald.com. Be sure to include: Your name, daytime phone number, address, method of payment, name of funeral home/crematory to contact for verification of death. To place it online click here. Click here to search for staff-written obituaries in our Archives.  If you have a suggestion for a staff-written obituary, please send an email to dadenews@MiamiHerald.com Local Obituaries Professor who opened University of Miami to black literature, Nancy Clasby, dies at 78 Sue Miller, who raised millions for United Way and elevated philanthropy, dies at 81 Janet Reno, former Miami-Dade state attorney and U.S. attorney general, dies at 78 Philanthropist Donald Jacobson dies at 92; helped raise millions in Miami The face of South Florida theater, Charlie Cinnamon, dies at 94 Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
null
News E-edition Subscribe Sign in Daily Sun News Jump to content Home News Web exclusive Agriculture Briefs Business Education Government Local Police and Fire Local Links Sports High School Recreation Youth Opinion Editorials Polls Commentary Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Community Entertainment People Health & Fitness Home & Garden Religion Weddings & Engagements Obituaries and Births Obituaries & Death Notices Births Events Today's events Submit an event Media Photos Videos Galleries Our Valley Buy photos Classifieds Search ads Place ad Classifieds login Special Sections Contact Us Subscribe E-edition Contact the Daily Sun Staff Listing News Tips Letter to the Editor Anniversary Engagement Wedding Upvote 0 Henry V. Runyan OBITUARY Tuesday, October 11, 2016 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Henry V. Runyan Henry V. Runyan, 95, of Sunnyside, died Sept. 27, 2016, in Sunnyside. He was born in Portland, Ore., on Nov. 16, 1920, to Henry B. and Agnes Runyan. Henry received his education at Dot Grade School, Bickleton High School, Adcox Aviation Trade School of Portland, Boeing school in Oakland, Calif. and Central Washington State College. He owned a body-fender shop in Goldendale and taught school in Granger and Sunnyside. After teaching, he worked at Amundson Hardware until retirement and farmed south of Sunnyside. Better known as “Vaughn,” he served in the Army Air Force in World War II. He belonged to the International Order of Odd Fellows and was a past Grand Master, was a charter member of the Lower Valley Elks and a long-time member of the Eagles Aerie. He served as commissioner of the Boy Scouts. Vaughn was handy with tools and enjoyed fixing or building things. His longtime hobby was music, both playing and listening. He liked to dance and tell jokes. Vaughn is survived by brother, Darrell Runyan; niece, Maggie (Fritz) Stout; nephew, Niels (Whitney) Brown; and many nieces, nephews, cousins, plus many friends. Vaughn was preceded in death by his loving wife of 61 years, Leona M. Brown, both parents, a sister, Hester (Charles) Allbritton, and sister-in-law, June (Darrell) Runyan. A celebration of life will be at Sun Terrace, 907 Ida Belle Road, Sunnyside, from 1-4 p.m., Saturday, Oct. 15. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to the International Order of Odd Fellows, PO Box 62, Bickleton, WA 99322. Those wishing to sign Henry’s online memorial book may do so at www.funeralhomesmith.com. Smith Funeral Home is in care of arrangements.  More like this story Leona M. Runyan Leona M. Runyan Henry V. Runyan Robert L. Ingram Don Naught Comments Comments are subject to moderator review and may not appear immediately on the site. Please read our commenting policy before posting. Any comment violating the site's commenting guidelines will be removed and the user could be banned from the site. Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Hot Jobs View all listings SEASONAL FULL TIME CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVES: Mobile version Tablet version Sunnyside Daily Sun News 600 S. 6th St., P.O. Box 878 Sunnyside, WA 98944 Ph. 509-837-4500 - Fax 509-837-6397 Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 Eagle Newspapers, Inc. All rights reserved.
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Where Poetry Lives Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US A BLOG OF NEWS AND INSIGHT News Now: Health Supreme Court Vote 2016 Science Obama: Let’s go to Mars! EMAIL BY Josh Lederman and Seth Borenstein, Associated Press  October 11, 2016 at 5:34 PM EST President Obama pens an oped that calls for a manned mission to Mars. Courtesy of Twentieth Century Fox WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama sought Tuesday to reinvigorate his six-year-old call for the U.S. to send humans to Mars by the 2030s, a mission NASA has been slowly and quietly trudging away at. The White House was calling attention to government contracts awarded to six companies to build prototypes for “habitats” that could sustain human life in deep space. One such privately developed habitat — an inflatable room —is already attached to the International Space Station. Obama also said that within two years, private companies like SpaceX and Boeing will taxi astronauts to the space station with NASA as a customer. “These missions will teach us how humans can live far from Earth, something we’ll need for the long journey to Mars,” Obama wrote in an op-ed on CNN’s website. He said the ultimate goal is for humans eventually to stay on the red planet “for an extended time.” NASA officials and outside space experts said there is little new in what’s coming out of the White House on Mars, something NASA has taken to calling its “Journey To Mars.” “There’s nothing big here at all, unless you haven’t been paying attention,” said former George Washington University space policy chief John Logsdon. “It’s a re-focusing of the fact that he set these goals and NASA has been pursuing them.” Alan Ladwig, a former top NASA official in the Obama and Clinton administrations, said he likes the intent, “but it’s a bit late in the term to shine a light on the humans to Mars exploration.” The president planned to discuss the initiative further when he meets with scientists, engineers and academics at an innovation summit Thursday in Pittsburgh. Obama first set a goal in 2010 to send humans to Mars by the 2030s, but the initiative has attracted little attention since then. Numerous Government Accountability Office reports have warned of the challenges in meeting that goal, most notable a lack of substantial U.S. government funding Obama did not elaborate on what a Mars mission would cost or how the U.S. would pay for it. But he said it will require years of patience, testing and education. “The question is why and how does this support U.S. national interests,” said Scott Pace, a NASA associate administrator during the George W. Bush administration and space policy chief at George Washington University. He said returning to the moon instead of going to Mars makes more sense for both commerce and international cooperation. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT Barack Obama Mars PREVIOUS POST What spoons have to do with the Samsung-Apple patent lawsuit NEXT POST Weekend court decision restarts Dakota Access Pipeline construction on private lands Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Read President-elect Donald Trump's plan for his first 100 days SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY The Rundown offers the NewsHour's unique perspective on the important events of the day with insights from the journalists you trust. SUBSCRIBE Receive The Rundown news blog in your inbox. SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL BROADCAST REPORTS PBS NewsHour Weekend full episode Nov. 13, 2016 What a Trump administration means for foreign relations Trump begins building team for transition Could the Electoral College system ever change? Hollande pays tribute one year after Paris attacks PBS NewsHour Weekend full episode Nov. 12, 2016 Trump promises to make infrastructure a major focus MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Do you live in a bubble? A quiz 2 Megyn Kelly says Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts 3 Photos: These wildlife photography winners will put a smile on your face 4 Americans don safety pins in solidarity with minorities after election 5 AP Election Results 1 Anti-Trump march in NYC draws thousands as other cities protest 2 Americans don safety pins in solidarity with minorities after election 3 On last foreign tour, Obama must find a way to explain Trump 4 Clinton blames FBI director for presidential election loss 5 Maine legalizes marijuana for recreational use Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2016 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out07:02 GMT +314 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Marines Special Ops in Iraq to Launch New Surveillance Drone © AP Photo/ Kirsty Wigglesworth, File Military & Intelligence 00:14 12.10.2016(updated 00:21 12.10.2016) Get short URL 294116 The US Marine Corps is now equipped with a new combat surveillance drone as part of experiments to upgrade the technology used by the military branch. The RQ-21A Blackjack, an American unmanned air vehicle, got its operational capability for the Marine Corps in January, thus meeting a United States Navy requirement for a small tactical unmanned air system (STUAS). The drone, made by Boeing subsidiary Insitu, weighs about 80 pounds unloaded, can fly for 16 hours at a stretch, and "uniquely, the Blackjack uses a tail hook recovery system that makes it capable of operating from a ship," according to Military.com. © Photo: US Air Force / Staff Sgt. Brian Ferguson US Marines Want Tech That Can Crush Enemy Spy, Killer DronesThis unmanned aircraft system will be used for reconnaissance, surveillance, and to identify potential targets, providing crucial information to troops on the ground. Lt. Gen. Robert Walsh, commander of Marine Corps Combat Development Command, told Military.com in a September interview, "We can benefit from what [U.S. Special Operations Command] does, from what we're doing, bring that back and go, 'OK, this is what we need to do with equipping the RQ-21,' or concepts of employment that they will use in real-world operations, and not just training. We'll be able to get them out there with their [Marine Special Operations Teams] in Iraq, operating with Iraqis as part of their special ops forces." The Blackjack system has been tested on five aerial vehicles. It was launched from the amphibious assault ship USS Wasp for airstrikes on Daesh (ISIS) targets in Libya. Fleet Marines and MARSOC employ the drone, testing payloads, including some developed for United States Special Operations Command (SOCOM). As Walsh stated, using MARSOC as a test force allows the corps to leverage the resources and insights of SOCOM for the benefit of Marines. "We're working with them, partnering with MARSOC. Give them the platform, RQ-21, now they can put their own stuff on there. We can learn from that, we can buy off their contract, we can learn from it, develop our own. There's a lot of opportunities here from working with SOCOM in that area," he said, according to Military.com. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 16 Related: Two French Commandos Injured in Daesh-Linked Drone Attack in Iraqi Kurdistan Not Funny: Clinton Denies Allegations of Joking About Drone Bombing Assange India's Mumbai Police Enter State of Alert Over Potential Drone Terror Attacks US Air Force Hopes New Measures Will Halt Drone Pilot Drain UK's Bristol Police Suspected of Possessing Cell Phone Surveillance Devices Tags: military upgrades, surveillance drone, US Special Operations Command (SOCOM), US Marine Corps, US Navy, Robert Walsh, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 00:37 12.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete so, they have a new toy... Reply dewatergeus 02:10 12.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Attention Russia. Do not fall asleep. Nato is preparing rob Syria from its government through the backdoor.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories Reince Priebus Named White House Chief of Staff; Steve Bannon Chief Strategist Ending much speculation, President-elect Donald Trump named Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus his White House chief of staff and appointed his presidential campaign CEO Steve Bannon chief strategist November 13. 63250 Jailed Russian Pilot Yaroshenko May Be Returned to Russia as Trump Takes Office Konstantin Yaroshenko, a Russian pilot held in a United States prison since 2011 on drug smuggling charges, may be returned to his homeland under Donald Trump's administration, the Izvestia newspaper reported on Monday, citing US Republican party sources. 1155 100 Black Pete Protesters Arrested in Netherlands Dutch police on November 12 arrested about 100 people protesting against a local custom to dress up as St. Nicholas’s assistant, “Black Pete,” during the country’s festive season. 1253 Huge Sea Monster Used to Live in Antarctic Waters The massive skull Chilean scientists found six years ago in some ancient Antarctic rock finally has a name – Kaikaifilu hervei – and an identity – the biggest damn monster ever to prowl Antarctic waters. 22235 US to Resettle Refugees from Australia’s Island Camps The United States has agreed to resettle refugees stranded in Pacific island camps after failing to reach Australia. 3254 Trump Stays Silent on Anti-Daesh Fight, FBI Chief's Possible Resignation Donald Trump gave his first major interview as US president on CBS’ 60 minutes show on Sunday. Speaking on the wide range of issues, he, however, preferred to remain silent on FBI director James Comey's possible resignation and next steps of the US in the fight against Daesh terrorist group in the Middle East. 3510 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 06:58Mogherini: EU Ready to Work With New US Administration 'From Very First Weeks' 06:28Jailed Russian Pilot Yaroshenko May Be Returned to Russia as Trump Takes Office 06:17EU Needs to 'Take Stronger Position on International Arena' After US Election 06:07Melania Trump Discussed With Michelle Obama How to Raise Children in White House 05:57China Aims to Expand Cooperation With US Under TrumpAll news #NotMyPresident: Protests Ongoing in Washington DC Days After Trump's Win 42486 Trump: US to End Up Fighting Russia in Syria if Attacks Assad 17697 'Root of All Evil': Reasons Behind Hillary Clinton's Defeat 12782 Twitter Explodes Over 'Moron' Mensch Leonard Cohen, 'Joyless' Russia Gaffe 11691 UK Journalist Calls for 'Presidential Assassination' 10603All news #NotMyPresident: Protests Ongoing in Washington DC Days After Trump's Win 473 UK Journalist Calls for 'Presidential Assassination' 95 US Response to Anti-Trump Protests Exposes Double Standards in Full Play 93 'Root of All Evil': Reasons Behind Hillary Clinton's Defeat 75 Trump: US to End Up Fighting Russia in Syria if Attacks Assad 58All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Carnival of Curves: Best Moments of Miss BumBum Contest Elections 101 US Citizens Believe Electoral System Needs to be Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Mobile Version Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 48° Share How Obama brought capitalism to outer space By Christian Davenport / The Washington Post Published: Tuesday, October 11th, 2016 at 2:54pm Updated: Tuesday, October 11th, 2016 at 2:54pm President Obama tours the commercial rocket processing facility of SpaceX along with chief executive Elon Musk at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in 2010. MUST CREDIT: NASA, Bill Ingalls. HANDOUT, HANDOUT .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........In 2010, nearly 50 years after John Kennedy called for the United States to send a man to the moon, President Barack Obama went to the Kennedy Space Center, to set a new course. Under George W. Bush, the agency had been working on another lunar mission. But now, with Buzz Aldrin sitting in the audience, Obama had a blunt message about those plans: “We’ve been there before. Buzz has been there. There’s a lot more space to explore, and a lot more to learn when we do.” Instead of going to the moon, he declared, the U.S. would go to Mars. Now, six years after that speech, as he nears the end of his presidency, Obama is bookending his charge by doubling down on NASA’s plan to get to Mars. In an op-ed published by CNN Tuesday morning ahead of the White House frontiers Conference in Pittsburgh, he reiterated his administration’s goal of “sending humans to Mars by the 2030s and returning them safely to Earth, with the ultimate ambition to one day remain there for an extended time.” But while Mars remains years, if not decades away, Obama’s true legacy may be something altogether different: the standing up of a commercial space industry that has ended the government’s monopoly on space. Advertisement Continue reading When the space shuttle was retired in 2011, NASA looked to the commercial sector to fly its astronauts and cargo to the International Space Station, fertilizing the industry with billions of dollars in contracts. And in the past few years, the industry has begun to blossom, reinvigorating interest in space with dramatic landings of rockets on ships with other, unprecedented feats. “Just five years ago, U.S. companies were shut out of the global commercial launch market,” Obama wrote. “Today, thanks to groundwork laid by the men and women of NASA, they own more than a third of it..” Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic and Jeffrey P. Bezos’ Blue Origin promise suborbital tourist flights within a couple of years. (Bezos owns The Washington Post.) SpaceX and Boeing are working toward flying astronauts to the space station. Bigelow Aerospace is building inflatable habitats that could ultimately succeed the station. In fact, one of the habitats is currently attached to the station. “It will become one of the great ironies in the history of exploration into space that someone many politicians called a socialist was a champion for the possibilities of capitalism in space,” said James Muncy, a space policy analyst at PolySpace, a consulting firm. While the high-profile billionaires get the most attention, there are many companies pushing the frontiers. Sierra Nevada Corp., another of NASA’s beneficiaries, just announced that it had signed a deal with the United Nations to fly its first-ever space mission. Earlier this year, Moon Express, which is vying for the $20 million Lunar XPrize, received permission to send a robotic lander on the moon, the first commercial company to get such approval from the U.S. government. There is still no self-sustaining economy to keep commercial space companies alive, many of which would wither without the support of NASA or the billionaires that are funding them with their own money. And the two companies that have the contracts to restore human space travel from U.S. soil both have suffered setbacks and delays. Boeing recently confirmed an Aviation Week report that because of technical issues with its Starliner spacecraft it was pushing back flights six months and hopes to fly by the end of 2018. SpaceX, the other company NASA is relying on to fly its astronauts, had its Falcon 9 rocket blow up last month and still doesn’t know exactly why. NASA’s own vehicles, the Space Launch System rocket and Orion spacecraft, have had their own troubles. The Government Accountability Office recently warned that the $23 billion program faces additional potential cost overruns and schedule delays. NASA has always relied on its contractors, and Obama conceded that government cannot do it alone: “Getting to Mars will require continued cooperation between government and private innovators,” he wrote. obama-mars Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: NASA launching new Orion spacecraft on test flight – Dec 2, 2014 Buzz Aldrin joins university, forming 'master plan' for Mars – Aug 27, 2015 Elon Musk on mariachi bands, zero-G games, and why his Mars plan is like 'Battlestar Galactica.' – Sep 28, 2016 Why President Obama may have selected the wrong planet for a major expedition – Oct 11, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Everyday Hero: He intervenes in Dana Point to stop drug overdoses Lansner: Want affordable housing? Move to Trumpland! Defense, special teams carry Rams again in 9-6 win over Jets FINAL: Lakers end three-game trip with 125-99 loss to T-Wolves Bonsignore: Rams' victory over Jets does nothing to mask their inept offense Lakers highlight Luol Deng's leadership, while downplaying shooting struggles Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Andrew McMahon rocks for a cause in Santa Ana Top news News Obama pushes U.S. goal to send humans to Mars by 2030s Oct. 11, 2016 Updated 1:22 p.m. 1 of 1 This image provided by NASA shows NASA'S Journey to Mars. President Barack Obama sought Tuesday to reinvigorate his six-year-old call for the U.S. to send humans to Mars by the 2030s, a mission NASA has been slowly and quietly trudging away at. , NASA VIA AP This image provided by NASA shows NASA'S Journey to Mars. President Barack Obama sought Tuesday to reinvigorate his six-year-old call for the U.S. to send humans to Mars by the 2030s, a mission NASA has been slowly and quietly trudging away at. , NASA VIA AP By JOSH LEDERMAN and SETH BORENSTEIN / The Associated Press Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF WASHINGTON – President Barack Obama sought Tuesday to reinvigorate his six-year-old call for the U.S. to send humans to Mars by the 2030s, a mission NASA has been slowly and quietly trudging away at. The White House was calling attention to government contracts awarded to six companies to build prototypes for “habitats” that could sustain human life in deep space. One such privately developed habitat – an inflatable room – is already attached to the International Space Station. Obama also said that within two years, private companies like SpaceX and Boeing will taxi astronauts to the space station with NASA as a customer. “These missions will teach us how humans can live far from Earth, something we’ll need for the long journey to Mars,” Obama wrote in an op-ed on CNN’s website . He said the ultimate goal is for humans eventually to stay on the red planet “for an extended time.” NASA officials and outside space experts said there is little new in what’s coming out of the White House on Mars, something NASA has taken to calling its “Journey To Mars .” “There’s nothing big here at all, unless you haven’t been paying attention,” said former George Washington University space policy chief John Logsdon. “It’s a re-focusing of the fact that he set these goals and NASA has been pursuing them.” Alan Ladwig, a former top NASA official in the Obama and Clinton administrations, said he likes the intent, “but it’s a bit late in the term to shine a light on the humans to Mars exploration.” The president planned to discuss the initiative further when he meets with scientists, engineers and academics at an innovation summit Thursday in Pittsburgh. Obama first set a goal in 2010 to send humans to Mars by the 2030s, but the initiative has attracted little attention since then. Numerous Government Accountability Office reports have warned of the challenges in meeting that goal, most notable a lack of substantial U.S. government funding Obama did not elaborate on what a Mars mission would cost or how the U.S. would pay for it. But he said it will require years of patience, testing and education. “The question is why and how does this support U.S. national interests,” said Scott Pace, a NASA associate administrator during the George W. Bush administration and space policy chief at George Washington University. He said returning to the moon instead of going to Mars makes more sense for both commerce and international cooperation. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Firefighters mop up after San Juan Capistrano brush fire that threatened homes California jumps the shark Baby boomers show right way to react to Trump victory One person in custody after 3-vehicle Fullerton crash Singer-songwriter and musician Leon Russell dead at 74 User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Everyday Hero: He intervenes in Dana Point to stop drug overdoses Lansner: Want affordable housing? Move to Trumpland! Defense, special teams carry Rams again in 9-6 win over Jets FINAL: Lakers end three-game trip with 125-99 loss to T-Wolves Bonsignore: Rams' victory over Jets does nothing to mask their inept offense Lakers highlight Luol Deng's leadership, while downplaying shooting struggles Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Andrew McMahon rocks for a cause in Santa Ana Top news Education » CSU board to consider tuition hike for next year CSUF President Mildred García named as chair-elect of higher education board Huntington Beach High School district tabs Saddleback superintendent as new leader BUSINESS » Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin O.C. Watchdog » Watchdog: Assaults on California police soar. More attacks, or more sensitivity? Free after six years in jail, but never charged with crime Census: Why more women are deciding that babies can wait Health Care » Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. Former operator of drug treatment centers in Orange, L.A. counties arrested on suspicion of sex and financial crimes How Obamacare may sway voters in this election ENTERTAINMENT » Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Food » Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Outlets at San Clemente celebrates first year, but where's all the food? This cab franc has a whiff of mystery TELEVISION » Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights TV highlights Nov. 1-5 Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia CALIFORNIA ELECTION » FOCUS: A geographical look at how the state voted in 2016 CARTOONS » Cartoons: Love Trumps Hate SLIDESHOW » U.S. men's soccer team coach Jurgen Klinsmann scores $2 million for Newport Beach house SLIDESHOW » 3 injured, including firefighter, in huge fire in Newport Beach industrial complex SLIDESHOW » Football playoffs: Photos of the fans, fun and emotions at Friday's games SLIDESHOW » Street Style: Chic elegance on display in downtown Orange Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Receive breaking news and newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up & Down Asia Will China’s Soccer Dream Kick Up Bubbles? China Inc’s splurge on top European teams is eerily similar to Japan Inc’s ego-driven buying spree in the 1980s. By William Pesek Biography October 11, 2016 Already the world’s factory floor, China is angling to make world sport its own by becoming a huge soccer factory, too. Will the beautiful game ever be the same? Over the last two years, Beijing’s top planners have worked to morph the nation into a “soccer powerhouse” to complement its rising economic clout. The campaign is well underway with China Inc. purchasing France’s FC Sochaux-Montbeliard, Spain’s RCD Espanyol, Italy’s AC Milan... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Trump Victory Sparks a Sharp Rally. What’s Next? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Gundlach: Bond Yields Could Hit 6% in Five Years Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Trump Win Creates Winners, Losers Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Millennials and Trump: This Was No Brexit Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Panera, Whole Foods, Yes; Chipotle, Kroger, No Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Australia's Pearl Industry Struggles to Shine 2 Barron's Buzz: Trump: Where to Invest Now 3 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Disney and More Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Close Navigation Home News Livestream Campaign 2016 Weather   -   Closings   -   Interactive Radar   -   Severe Weather Alerts   -   Always on Storm Team 12   -   Storm Chaser Map Sports   -   College & Pro Sports Scores Community   -   Food 4 Kids Station Info   -   Contact Us   -   Jobs   -   About Us   -   KWCH 12 TV Schedule   -   KSCW 33 TV Schedule   -   Childrens Programming Answerback Catch it Kansas Does It Work Don't Fall For It Extras   -   Contests   -   The Jane King KA-Ching Report   -   Top of the Class Kansas Proud Morning News KSCW FactFinder 12 Win My Ride MomsEveryday Local X Submit Photos and Videos News Close Navigation Back Accidents Business Community Crime Education Environment Fire Forecast Health International Local Mr. Food National Politics Safety State Traffic 49°F Scattered Clouds 65° 43° Wichita, KS Toggle navigation Scattered Clouds 49°F Weather Sports Station Info Catch it Kansas Livestream Home Local Article Spirit celebrates 500 787 deliveries to Boeing By Scott Evans |  Posted: Tue 1:08 PM, Oct 11, 2016  |  Updated: Tue 5:28 PM, Oct 11, 2016 WICHITA, Kan. (KWCH) Spirit Aerosystems celebrated a milestone Tuesday - the delivery of it's 500th 787 fuselage to Boeing. "It's awesome to be able to stand here today to represent all the employees of Spirit on our 500th delivery. It's an amazing feet," said Tom Gentile, President and CEO of Spirit Aerosystems. The section of plane being celebrated is the forward fuselage of a 787 Dreamliner. Spirit delivered it in September, but gathered its employees and elected officials together Tuesday morning to celebrate. Senator Pat Roberts, Congressman Mike Pompeo and Governor Sam Brownback were all there. "500 in that short of period of time of that big of a plane. This is just a huge accomplishment," said Governor Sam Brownback. The program started in 2007. There are currently 500 people in Wichita working on the 787. "We're a proud member of the community. We love being in Wichita and we look forward to a bright futures, said Kevin Matthies, Spirit VP over 787 programs. Matthies says they'll continue to build this section as long as Boeing keeps this plane alive. The plane is built to remain in service much longer than the 30 to 40 year life of most aircraft. "I really believe the 787 program could go on for many many years to come," said Matthies. And that means continued jobs in Wichita. Community rallies for jobs, not guns Wichita firefighters save two-week-old puppy after house fire Family raises funeral money for teen killed in crash B-29 'Doc' to be featured on CBS Sunday Morning Body of missing murder victim found in Harvey County Community rallies for jobs, not guns   Community rallies for jobs, not guns Wichita firefighters save two-week-old puppy after house fire Family raises funeral money for teen killed in crash B-29 'Doc' to be featured on CBS Sunday Morning Body of missing murder victim found in Harvey County Campaign 2016 News Weather Closings Interactive Radar Severe Weather Alerts Always on Storm Team 12 Storm Chaser Map Sports College & Pro Sports Scores Community Food 4 Kids Station Info Contact Us Jobs About Us KWCH 12 TV Schedule KSCW 33 TV Schedule Childrens Programming Terms of Use Privacy Policy/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Advertising EEO Statement Public Inspection File Copyright © 2002-2016 - Designed by Gray Digital Media - Powered by Clickability kwch.com/a?a=396686911 × Online Public Information File Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov. Station Contact Info: KWCH 12 2815 E. 37th Street North Wichita, KS 67219 Close
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › science home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Mars Barack Obama revives call to put humans on Mars by the 2030s The US president says the government has contracted companies to build prototype ‘habitats’ that could sustain human life in deep space The ultimate goal is eventually for humans to stay on the red planet ‘for an extended time’, wrote Obama in an op-ed for CNN. Photograph: Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images Associated Press Tuesday 11 October 2016 14.44 EDT Last modified on Friday 11 November 2016 06.27 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger This article is 1 month old Barack Obama sought Tuesday to reinvigorate his six-year-old call for the US to send humans to Mars by the 2030s, a mission Nasa has been slowly and quietly pursuing. Prepared to die: why people are willing to risk their lives to visit Mars Read more The White House was calling attention to government contracts awarded to six companies to build prototypes for “habitats” that could sustain human life in deep space. One such privately developed habitat – an inflatable room – is already attached to the International Space Station. Obama also said that within two years, private companies like SpaceX and Boeing will taxi astronauts to the space station with Nasa as a customer. “These missions will teach us how humans can live far from Earth, something we’ll need for the long journey to Mars,” Obama wrote in an op-ed on CNN’s website. He said the ultimate goal was for humans eventually to stay on the red planet “for an extended time”. Nasa officials and outside space experts said there was little new in whatthe White House is saying about Mars, something Nasa has taken to calling its “Journey To Mars”. “There’s nothing big here at all, unless you haven’t been paying attention,” said the former George Washington University space policy chief John Logsdon. “It’s a refocusing of the fact that he set these goals and Nasa has been pursuing them.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Nasa-provided image depicts Nasa’s Journey to Mars. Photograph: wx104/AP Alan Ladwig, a former top Nasa official in the Obama and Clinton administrations, said he liked the intent, “but it’s a bit late in the term to shine a light on the humans-to-Mars exploration”. The Guardian view on space exploration: the final frontier | Editorial Read more The president planned to discuss the initiative further when he meets with scientists, engineers and academics at an innovation summit Thursday in Pittsburgh. Obama first set a goal in 2010 to send humans to Mars by the 2030s, but the initiative has attracted little attention since then. Numerous Government Accountability Office reports have warned of the challenges in meeting that goal, most notable a lack of substantial US government funding. Obama did not elaborate on what a Mars mission would cost or how the US would pay for it. But he said it would require years of patience, testing and education. “The question is why and how does this support US national interests,” said Scott Pace, a Nasa associate administrator during the George W Bush administration and space policy chief at George Washington University. He said returning to the moon instead of going to Mars made more sense for both commerce and international cooperation. More news Topics Mars Barack Obama US politics Nasa Obama administration Space Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments popular The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science selected media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Science › Mars Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Federal Politics Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Photo Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Home Politics Opinion October 12 2016 Save Print Barack Obama sets the date for humanity's mission to Mars Every Monday to Friday I'll be delivering a personally-curated newsletter. Call it the double espresso of news – the morning news kickstart for busy people who want to know what they need to know before they get going. Latika Bourke Contact via Email Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More 1. Obama's mission to Mars President Barack Obama has written an opinion piece for CNN pledging America will send humans to Mars and back by 2030 with the ultimate ambition for man to one day "remain there for an extended time".  [Read]  Critically, Obama says the private sector and government will work together to achieve the goal and says within two years, private companies will for the first time send astronauts to the International Space Station. The cratered surface of Mars.? Photo: NASA The two companies preparing to send men into space are SpaceX and Boeing and also likely to partner on the mission to Mars. [Daniel Etherington/Techcrunch]  2. Trump's tweetstorm​ Photo: Daniel Acker And now to just one of the many reasons humans may want to consider decamping to Mars by the 2030s. (Can it be any sooner many might ask?!)  Donald Trump took to his Twitter to to rip into Paul Ryan in a string of tweets as "weak and ineffective" after the House Speaker said he could no longer support his party's nominee.  [BBC] Advertisement Then, he followed up with a tweet saying "It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to." [Donald Trump/Twitter] Three things. Trump is successfully diverting from the tapes with his tirade against the Republican party and the schism confirms he hijacked the party for the nomination.  "We now essentially have…an independent candidate" for President, and his name is Trump, writes Gerald F. Seib. [Wall Street Journal]  And in this latest tweetstorm, "Trump seems to be preemptively making an excuse for losing." [Andrew Prokop/Vox]  And in a further sign Trump is retreating to talking only to his base, he released a new attack ad targeting Hillary Clinton's health. [Ben Kamisar/The Hill]  3. Russia at risk of becoming Pariah nation Photo: Matt Cardy Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has warned Russia it risks becoming a pariah nation if it continues on its path in Syria.  And he noted that war criminals have been successfully prosecuted decades later.  The headline take-out from his contributions in Parliament however is his call for the Stop the War Coalition to protest outside the Russian Embassy. They are noticeably absent, he said. [BBC] The Russian Embassy in the UK responded on Twitter.  Very unusual call from the Foreign Secretary to hold demonstrations in front of the Russian embassy. New form of British diplomacy? pic.twitter.com/rzxUkGyyrQ— Russian Embassy, UK (@RussianEmbassy) October 11, 2016 As MPs in the House of Commons held an emergency debate on Syria, Russian jets resumed pounding Aleppo. 4. Australian politics My colleague Matthew Knott has another cracking story on school funding. He reports Catholic schools in wealthy suburbs are being funded by up to four times more than they should under a deal struck during the dying days of the former Labor Rudd government. [Fairfax] A government agency report into cyber attacks and security to be released today says terrorists could hack Australian government networks within three years. Junior Minister Dan Tehan says this would be to "destructive effect." [The Australian]  Malcolm Turnbull's Point Piper mansion. Photo: Michele Mossop Security experts say Malcolm Turnbull should abandon living in his Point Piper mansion. (Something he should have done for pure political reasons, let alone security concerns). [The New Daily]  Australia and Singapore are "natural partners" writes the PM. [Financial Review]  The plan to install 14,000 Singaporean troops in Queensland will be cemented when Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong addresses Parliament in Canberra, writes Philip Coorey and Primrose Riordan. [Financial Review]  Legislation for a plebiscite on gay marriage will still go to the Senate even though it is doomed, as is the prospect of a free vote in Parliament with a Nationals MP threatening to defect, writes Michelle Grattan. [The Conversation]  And my Aus-pol must read today is Aaron Patrick's detailed read on former Prime Minister Tony Abbott's challenge to Turnbull to reform in the NSW Liberal party. [Financial Review] 5. Samsung's catastrophe Samsung's recall of its Galaxy Note 7 has left millions of premium smartphone buyers looking for an alternative. Photo: Getty Images After issuing its worldwide recall for the Note 7s last month, Samsung has completely scrapped production of its new Galaxy Note 7.  The company lost $20 billion in value following the announcement.  The overall cost could be as much as $17 billion.   [Se Young Lee/Reuters] Interesting report in the Financial Times suggesting the fast-charging processing technology is behind the battery fires. [Song Jung-a, Tim Bradshaw]  And of course this is all good news for Samsung's rivals Apple and Google who have just announced new phones ahead of the Christmas shopping season. [Bloomberg]  6. Pass Go….to Canberra! Photo: Alamy Look. I love Monopoly. Its been my favourite game ever since Mum first let us loose on her beautiful old wooden board edition, which came complete with all the tokens and well-used, sometimes torn money bills packed up into an old tin - the sort you used to be able to buy biscuits in. It was one of the upsides of being one of eight children - most of the time, and I say most, you could find someone to play with you.  As I've grown older, my stock of monopoly playing friends has dwindled to about…zero. Everyone refuses to play with me and I don't understand why. I think its healthy to be competitive, even when it comes to board games.  Anyway, I loved this story by Natasha Rudra about Hasbro is renovating its Australia edition. This year there are five Canberra nominations for a spot on the board, including…Canberra itself.  The others are Lake Burley Griffin, the Australian War Memorial, Floriade and Questacon! [Canberra Times]  I'm a bit of traditionalist when it comes to Monopoly and have always been a bit sceptical about these country-specific editions.  If its a choice between Pentonville and Floriade, I'm afraid I'm all for the former.  If only I could find someone to play with me! And that's it from me today, you can follow me on Facebook for more. Want Latika's Double Shot delivered straight to your inbox? By submitting this form and creating your account you agree to the Fairfax Media Privacy Policies and Conditions of Use. Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular Trump backer says US refugee swap deal is 'dead on arrival' The beginning of the end of a shameful chapter in this country's history Hope in a dismal space - the good news story that had to wait Trans-Pacific Partnership dead, before Trump even takes office Turnbull 'confident' Trump will honour new asylum deal HuffPost Australia NSW Deputy Premier Troy Grant Resigns ... Contains: External link Donald Trump and Nigel Farage Meet In ... Contains: External link Follow Politics Fairfax Breaking news, video and analysis from Fairfax Media's federal team. Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Federal Politics The beginning of the end of a shameful chapter in this country's history Scott Morrison on mend after emergency surgery Trans-Pacific Partnership dead, before Trump even takes office Trump backer says US refugee swap deal is 'dead on arrival' Hope in a dismal space - the good news story that had to wait The Age Crime by postcode: How safe is your suburb? The beginning of the end of a shameful chapter in this country's history Calls for The Project to apologise after Steve Price 'bullied' Woman and tradies fight off violent carjacker Donald Trump-Vladimir Putin alliance sparks diplomatic crisis The Sydney Morning Herald Trump advisers urge Obama, Clinton to call off 'professional' protesters Londonderry residents warned as bushfire rages out of control Strong magnitude 7.8 earthquake strikes near Christchurch, New Zealand Calls for The Project to apologise after Steve Price 'bullied' Trump backer says US refugee swap deal is 'dead on arrival' Brisbane Times Amy had no idea her 'normal birth' could leave her so broken Storms disrupt airport, winds overturn caravans Trump advisers urge Obama, Clinton to call off 'professional' protesters Shipping containers knocked over 'like a giant game of Jenga' Severe thunderstorm warning issued again for south-east Canberra Times Man tried to recoup cost of ex-fiancee's engagement ring Scott Morrison on mend after emergency surgery Trump advisers urge Obama, Clinton to call off 'professional' protesters Not even close: Human Services' workplace offer smashed Where to watch the super moon rise in Canberra WA Today Perth awaits supermoon phenomenon, here's the best spots to see it rise Snakes on a train? Spring influx of snakes rattles on in Perth 'Did we need to BYO?' Perth fromage fans cheesed off at new festival Dashcam captures Kwinana Freeway mooners Calls for The Project to apologise after Steve Price 'bullied' Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2016Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
null
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Ideas MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Watch Scarlett Johansson in the First Trailer for Ghost in the Shell Ibuprofen May Not Be As Safe As You Think The Truth About What Alcohol Does to Your Heart Doctor Strange Dominates in Second Box Office Weekend Review: Saturday Night Live Is in Mourning, But Won’t Say Why Musician Leon Russell Dies at 74 Heart Disease Is Way Down In the U.S. Watch Kate McKinnon Sing ‘Hallelujah’ in a Powerful SNL Cold Open Watch Dave Chappelle Parody The Walking Dead on Saturday Night Live Watch Dave Chappelle’s Saturday Night Live Monologue TIME Ideas Science President Obama Says We’re Going to Mars. If Only It Were That Easy Jeffrey Kluger @jeffreykluger Oct. 11, 2016 SHARE Jeffrey Kluger is Editor at Large for TIME. Let's see if the U.S. is up to the challenge + READ ARTICLE As far as historians know, John Quincy Adams never promised to get Americans to Mars. That hardly made him uncommon among U.S. Presidents—at least the first 32 of them. But all that changed with President Eisenhower, who pushed for the creation of NASA and got the country’s great space bender going. Ever since then, Mars has been squarely in America’s sights, with most Presidents calling it out explicitly as a sort of 21st (and before that 20th) century extension of Manifest Destiny. On Tuesday, President Obama full-throatedly joined that chorus. In an opinion piece he penned on CNN.com, the President promised a public-private partnership to get astronauts on the Red Planet at last. “We have set a clear goal vital to the next chapter of America’s story in space: sending humans to Mars by the 2030s and returning them safely to Earth, with the ultimate ambition to one day remain there for an extended time,” Obama wrote. That’s undeniably stirring stuff—provided there’s anything to it. Which there may well be. Or not. Start with the public-private part. It’s true that, as the President says, “Getting to Mars will require continued cooperation between government and private innovators. … Within the next two years, private companies will for the first time send astronauts to the International Space Station.” But private companies have always been the space program’s manufacturing backbone. NASA didn’t build the Apollo spacecraft, North American Aviation did. It didn’t build the lunar module either, that was Grumman Aerospace. McDonnell Aircraft built the Mercury and Gemini spacecraft, Boeing was the principle contractor for the space station, and on and on. What was different then was that those contracts were essentially work made to order—like planning precisely the house you want and hiring an architect to build it for you. Now it’s more like buying into a development: private companies like SpaceX and Orbital Sciences do the research and development and building on their own and then compete to sell their products to NASA. That does cut costs dramatically, though even here there’s a little sleight of hand. A portion of the multi-billion dollar contract NASA signed with SpaceX and Orbital Sciences for their unmanned cargo runs to the space station included money for research and development, blurring the public-private divide considerably. Then there’s the deadline: “by the 2030s.” Across industry and government, 15 years away is often the go-to target for any ambitious program that may or may not happen. It’s close enough that it suggests a certain accountability but far enough away that it gives you a lot of time to get the job done. And if you don’t, people might just have forgotten about it by then. Notice, too, the built-in buffer of an additional decade. “The 2030s” can mean January 1, 2030 or December 31, 2039—or any date in between. NASA has already begun quietly hedging on even that generous goal. Astronauts may only orbit Mars in the 2030s, go the current whispers; it could take until the 2040s before they actually land. Contrast this with President John F. Kennedy’s lunar challenge: The U.S. would have boots on the moon “before the end of this decade.” That was a marker he threw down in 1961 when the U.S. had a total of 17 minutes of manned space flight experience. But there was no mistaking what he meant: get there before midnight on December 31, 1969 or we fail. We didn’t fail. Nobody has ever mistaken Obama for much of a space cowboy. His support for the space program was only lukewarm during his first presidential run, until he wised up and realized that Florida, the ultimate space state, is also the ultimate swing state. Industries in swing districts across the country also rely on a robust space program. Even then, the Administration’s signature initiative for human exploration has been the Asteroid Redirect Mission (ARM), which involves ignoring Mars, ignoring the moon and instead sending an unmanned spacecraft out to tow a small asteroid to the lunar vicinity. Astronauts could then go visit it. Why? Because… um… we’ll get back to you on that. ARM is now dying a death by indifference and almost no one expects it to survive in the next Administration. That does clear the decks for Mars, which is an unalloyed good. But it’s not all Obama’s call to get the nation there and it won’t be the next President’s call either. It will be up to the whole brawling, partisan, dysfunctional lot in Washington to see the idea through. The moon program spanned four Presidential Administrations—two Democratic and two Republican—and seven Congresses. They argued about funding and deadlines and they soldiered through the deaths of the Apollo 1 astronauts in a launchpad fire and the near-death of the Apollo 13 astronauts on the way to the moon. And yet the rockets kept flying, the lunar modules kept landing and the job got done. You want to go to Mars? Fine, then decide to go to Mars. It’s really as simple as that. Now let’s see if the nation is up to the challenge. TIME Ideas hosts the world's leading voices, providing commentary on events in news, society, and culture. We welcome outside contributions. Opinions expressed do not necessarily reflect the views of TIME editors. Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
null
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Science First Look Was this gully on Mars carved by water? NASA rover to investigate. Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Why a third of Clinton supporters say Trump's victory is illegitimate KKK rally planned: Can Trump and the GOP disown the Klan? Dogs sniff out invasive species of mussel in Montana How crisis hotlines are helping people cope with the election results Scientists believe the gully was carved by a fluid that may have been flowing water. By Weston Williams, Staff October 11, 2016 Save for later Saved An evenly layered rock, photographed by NASA's Curiosity Mars Rover, suggests bodies of liquid water on Mars. NASA released the image on Dec. 9, 2014. MSSS/JPL-Caltech/NASA/Reuters/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of The Martian rover Opportunity is making another historic first on the surface of Mars. The highly successful probe will spend the next two years exploring a Martian gully that scientists suspect may have been carved out by an ancient water source. The mission is the latest challenge for the aging rover, which was originally intended to function for three months and is now in its 13th year. Data gathered by Opportunity and similar rovers have shaped an ever-greater understanding of Mars. As NASA, Boeing, and SpaceX all set their sights on human missions to Mars in coming decades, they will depend on this data to help them know what to expect when they touch down on an alien planet for the first time. Recommended:In Pictures Exploring Mars with rovers Curiosity and Opportunity When Opportunity and its companion rover, Spirit, landed on Mars in 2004, their missions were expected to last only 90 Martian days (about 92.4 Earth days). Both probes far surpassed these estimates, with Spirit finally dying in 2010, and Opportunity still going strong. Test your knowledge Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! In Pictures Exploring Mars with rovers Curiosity and Opportunity Photos of the Day Photos of the Weekend With Opportunity's newest mission, NASA hopes to find evidence that liquid water created the gully, located in in the "Bitterroot Valley" portion of the western rim of the Endeavour Crater. "Fluid-carved gullies on Mars have been seen from orbit since the 1970s, but none had been examined up close on the surface before," said Opportunity principal investigator Steve Squyres of Cornell University in a statement. "One of the three main objectives of our new mission extension is to investigate this gully. We hope to learn whether the fluid was a debris flow, with lots of rubble lubricated by water, or a flow with mostly water and less other material," he explained. The mission faces a few hurdles. Opportunity is an old rover, and its now-outdated flash memory for holding data overnight no longer functions properly, meaning that scientists have to beam information to Earth immediately or risk losing it forever. That could be complicated by a threatened  global dust storm on the planet as soon as October 29th. Recommended:In Pictures Mars Spirit rover: What a long-range trip it's been "Once in awhile, several storms will start up at once and they will blow up larger and larger until they basically cover the entire planet," James Shirley, a planetary scientist at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, told Pasadena Star-News. "They’re probably the most spectacular weather event that we can see in the solar system. I don’t think there’s really anything like it anywhere else." The last storm, in 2007, was one of the first major threats to Spirit and Opportunity. "We had to take special measures to enable their survival for several weeks with little sunlight to keep them powered," recalled John Callas, project manager for Spirit and Opportunity, in a statement. "Each rover powered up only a few minutes each day, enough to warm them up, then shut down to the next day without even communicating with Earth. For many days during the worst of the storm, the rovers were completely on their own." If the global dust storm does occur, the aging Opportunity might have trouble continuing its mission. But NASA is confident enough in the probe to approve the mission extension that will take the rover all the way to the bottom of the 14-mile-wide Endeavor Crater. "We have now exceeded the prime-mission duration [of Opportunity] by a factor of 50," said Opportunity project manager John Callas of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in a statement. "Milestones like this are reminders of the historic achievements made possible by the dedicated people entrusted to build and operate this national asset for exploring Mars." Next up Test your knowledge Could you pass Astronomy 101? Take the quiz! How Elon Musk plans to bring humanity to Mars (+video) First Look Is Mars about to be enshrouded by a global dust storm? Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 How Americans are handling post-election hate GOP-controlled Congress will still need Democrats Cover Story Why climate change divides us The president is commander in chief? Yes, but it's complicated What Democrats can learn from Hillary's loss Popular Now Hillary Clinton widens lead in popular vote: Does it matter? First Look KKK rally planned: Can Trump and the GOP disown the Klan? First Look Dogs sniff out invasive species of mussel in Montana Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? First Look How crisis hotlines are helping people cope with the election results   take the quiz Test your scientific literacy!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Weekend Latest News Trump tweets dig at New York Times: Will he quit Twitter as president? Doing Good Difference Maker A Denver native brings the vast outdoors to at-risk youths Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK


▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Disappointing Alcoa Results May Weigh On Wall Street 10/11/2016 8:45 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a lower opening on Tuesday following the release of weaker than expected third quarter results from aluminum giant Alcoa (AA). The release of quarterly results from Alcoa is seen as the unofficial start of earnings season, with financial giants Citigroup (C), JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Wells Fargo (WFC) due to report their results later this week. Overall trading activity may be somewhat subdued, however, as some traders may stay on the sidelines amid a lack of major U.S. economic data. The minutes of the latest Federal Reserve meeting and reports on retail sales and producer prices are likely to attract attention in the coming days. U.S. stocks closed Monday's session higher amid a rally in crude oil prices. The major averages opened higher and moved roughly sideways until early afternoon trading. After giving back some of their gains over the remainder of the session, the averages ended moderately higher. The Dow Industrials added 88.55 points or 0.49 percent before ending at 18,329, the S&P 500 Index ended up 9.92 points or 0.46 percent at 2,164 and the Nasdaq Composite closed at 5,329, up 36.27 points or 0.69 percent. Eighteen of the thirty Dow components ended the session higher and four stocks were little changed, while the remaining eight stocks retreated. Exxon Mobil (XOM), Chevron (CVX), Boeing (BA), Merck (MRK) and Apple (AAPL) were among the biggest gainers of the session, but Procter & Gamble (PG) and Wal-Mart (WMT) fell sharply. Among the sectors, energy, banking, airline and telecom stocks turned in some of the best performances on the day. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures for November delivery are slipping $0.34 to $51.01 a barrel after ending Monday's session up $1.54 at $51.35 a barrel, the highest closing level since July 15th, 2015. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold is currently trading at $1,258, down $2.40 from the previous session's close of $1,260.40. On Monday, gold rose $8.90, snapping a 6-session losing streak. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 103.64 yen compared to the 103.61 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1090 compared to yesterday's $1.1139. Asia The Asian markets closed mixed, with the Singapore, South Korean, Taiwanese and Hong Kong markets declining, while the rest of the markets advanced. The Indian market was closed for a public holiday. The Japanese market, which opened after Monday's public holiday, advanced as the yen remained weak. The Nikkei 225 Index opened higher and rose steadily in the morning. Although there was a slight loss of momentum by the mid-session, the index consolidated in the afternoon, closing up 164.67 points or 0.98 percent at a more than 1-month high of 17,025. Food, chemical, pharma, export, utility, telecom and most resource stocks gained ground, while some housing, real estate, steel, financial and retail stocks came under selling pressure. Australia's All Ordinaries Index ended modestly higher, although well off its best levels. The index ended at 5,562, up 6.70 points or 0.12 percent. Energy and material stocks rallied strongly and consumer and utility stocks saw moderate strength, but most other sectors lost ground. China's Shanghai Composite Index closed 17.11 points or 0.56 percent higher at 3,065, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index surrendered all its morning gains by early afternoon trading and languished below the unchanged line thereafter. The index ended down 302.30 points or 1.27 percent at 23,550. On the economic front, the results of a survey by National Australia Bank showed that confidence among businesses in Australia was unchanged in September. The corresponding index was static at 6, although above the expected reading of 5. The business conditions index rose 1 point to 8. A report released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed that the total number of home loans issued in Australia fell 3 percent month-over-month in August. This was steeper than the 1.5 percent drop expected by economists. This follows a 4.5 percent drop in July. Investment lending edged up 0.1 percent. Data released by the Ministry of Finance showed that Japan's current account surplus came in at 2.0 trillion yen in August, more than the 1.5 trillion yen expected by economists and the 1.94 trillion-yen surplus in July. The trade surplus was also wider than expected at 243.2 billion yen, as exports fell 9.6 percent and imports declined a steeper 18.3 percent. Europe European stocks are holding up despite a volatile morning session. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index has inched up by 0.1 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index are both up by 0.2 percent. On the economic front, German investor sentiment climbed at a faster-than-expected pace in October to its highest level in four months, the results of a survey by the Centre for European Economic Research/ZEW showed. The ZEW Indicator of Economic Sentiment rose to 6.2 from 0.5 in each of the previous two months. Economists had expected a score of 4. The latest reading was the strongest since June's 19.2. Data released by the British Retail Consortium showed that like-for-like sales in the U.K. rose 0.4 percent year-over-year in September, belying expectations for a 0.3 percent drop. U.S. Economic Reports There are no market moving economic reports due for the day. Stocks in Focus Shares of Alcoa are moving lower in pre-market trading after the aluminum giant reported third quarter earnings and revenues that came in below analyst estimates. Rent-A-Center- (RCII) may also come under pressure after warning of much weaker than expected third quarter earnings. Illumina (ILMN) pre-announced third quarter revenues of about $607 million, a 10 percent increase year-over-year but below the company's guidance of $625 million to $630 million. The company attributed the shortfall to a larger than expected decline in high throughput sequencing instruments. Coca-Cola (KO) announced that it intends to buy Anheuser-Busch Inbev's (BUD) stake in Coca-Cola Beverages Africa following the closing of the ABI combination with SABMiller. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America These Companies Are Sitting On Mountains Of Cash Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Viacom Q4 Adj. Profit Beats View, But Revenues Miss Munich Re Lifts FY16 Profit View As Q3 Profit Climbs; Stock Dips E.ON 9-month Attributable Net Loss Narrows; Maintains Weak FY16 Earnings View Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Myers Industries Q3 Adj. Profit Misses View, But Revenues Beat Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President MDCO Tastes Bitter, PRTO Awaits Phase 3 Data In Dec., It's Time To Cherish IONS ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Pampered Puppies: PetSmart Offers Same Day Delivery Veterans Day Free Meals At Certain Chains Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Adecco Group Turns To Profit In Q3 - Quick Facts Deutsche Post DHL Q3 Profit Surges; Reaffirms FY16 Outlook - Quick Facts Crédit Agricole Group Q3 Underlying Net Income Group Share Up 4.1% - Quick Facts ArcelorMittal Turns To Profit In Q3; Sees Sequential Drop In Q4 Profit Nikon H1 Profit Up 54%; To Cut 1,000 Jobs In Restructuring - Quick Facts Henkel Q3 Profit Rises; Confirms 2016 Outlook Aixtron AG Posts Wider Loss In 9-month; Reiterates 2016 Revenue Guidance Rational Q3 Profit Edges Up; Confirms FY Outlook Elringklinger Q3 Profit Declines; Sees FY16 EBIT At Low End Of Range Toyota Motor H1 Profit Declines, Revenue Down 7.2%; Revises Forecasts Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > QYResearch Report Tweet   New Market Report on Global Missile Defense Systems industry The Global And China Missile Defense Systems Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Missile Defense Systems industry. (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 11, 2016 ) Ask a sample or any question, please email to: lemon@qyresearchglobal.com or lemon@qyresearch.com Report Summary This report studies Missile Defense Systems in Global market, especially in United States, France, China, Japan, Russia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering BAE Systems plc Raytheon Co. Rheinmetall AG Saab AB Aerojet Rocketdyne Inc. Alliant Techsystems Inc. Boeing Co. BrahMos Aerospace Pvt Ltd. Denel Dynamics Eurosam GIE Kongsberg Defense Systems Lockheed Martin Corp. MBDA Makeyev Design Bureau Mectron - Engenharia, Indústria e Comércio SA Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Missile Defense Systems in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China France Israel Russia India Split by Product Types, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Surface-to-surface missiles Air-to-surface missiles Others (Air-to-air missiles, anti-tank, and anti-ship missiles) Ask a sample or any question, please email to: lemon@qyresearchglobal.com or lemon@qyresearch.com Key Topics Covered: Chapter One Industry Overview of Missile Defense Systems Chapter Two Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Missile Defense Systems Chapter Three Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Missile Defense Systems Chapter Four Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis of Missile Defense Systems by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Five Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Missile Defense Systems by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Six Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Missile Defense Systems by Regions, Types and Applications Chapter Seven Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Missile Defense Systems Chapter Eight Major Manufacturers Analysis of Missile Defense Systems Chapter Nine Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Missile Defense Systems Chapter Ten Industry Chain Analysis of Missile Defense Systems Chapter Eleven Development Trend of Analysis of Missile Defense Systems Chapter Twelve New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Missile Defense Systems Chapter Thirteen Conclusion of the Global Missile Defense Systems Industry 2016 Market Research Report Related Reports: China Missile Defense Systems Industry Market Research Report 2016 United States Missile Defense Systems Industry Market Research Report 2016 Europe Missile Defense Systems Industry Market Research Report 2016 Japan Missile Defense Systems Industry Market Research Report 2016 India Missile Defense Systems Industry Market Research Report 2016 Thank you for your reading and interest in our report. About QYResearch QYResearch is a leading market research company, focused on providing customers with a special investigation IPO consulting management consulting industry research seminars and database services. We has 2,500 customers world-renowned business areas covering more than 30 pharmaceutical and chemical industry, agriculture, energy automotive, business services from the data - Analysis - Recommendations - Consulting floor one-stop solutions, research covering China and USA South America Europe Middle East Asia-Pacific and Africa and Australia and other regions of the world. Through the companys years of effort and a lot of customer support, QYResearch brand has become the consulting industry with quality assurance consulting brand. If you need a report or have any question, please feel free to contact me~O(∩_∩)O~ Lemon Koo | Sr. Manager - Global Sales QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher E*mail: lemon@qyresearchglobal.com / lemon@qyresearch.com Web:http://qyresearchglobal.com(US) | http://qyresearcheurope.com(EU) | http://www.qyresearchjapan.com (JP) Contact Information: QYResearch Report Lemon Koo Tel: 86 20 8665 5165 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Exclusive: 10 Minutes With A Top Apptio Industry Peer, Digital Fuel Javier Hasse , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 11, 2016 8:24am   Comments Share: Related These 11 Stocks Could Drop 70% 4 Out Of 7 Firms Initiate Bullish Coverage On Apptio Just 3 Weeks After Its IPO Digital Fuel is an IT Business Management SaaS provider that services more than 250 clients, including several Fortune 500 companies and Dow Jones Components. The company is a close competitor/peer of recently IPOed Apptio Inc (NASDAQ: APTI). After the latter went public, Benzinga had a chance to chat with Digital Fuel Chief Operating Officer Rick Bigelow and Senior Vice President of Operations Matt Thompson. The IT Financial Management Sector Benzinga opened the conversation by asking about what attracted the company to the IT financial management sector. “Just the growth… We see it as a burgeoning industry itself,” Thompson stated, pointing out that, according to their forecasts, this is a global market of $2 to $5 billion. Related Link: Integrating Staples, Technology ETFs Into Portfolios Recent Years Benzinga then moved on to inquire on Apptio, which was founded in 2007, seven years after Digital Fuel, and how the industry had changed since. “In the past five years we’ve seen a lot more interest in IT combination solutions,” Thompson continued. “The biggest change in five years has been the shift towards SaaS and cloud based delivery… Also just the increase in data. We all recognize, whether it’s what’s on a smartphone, what’s on computers in general, how much data being pushed back and forth and analytics. That’s where the growth comes in and people recognize how important IT is and how much IT gets involved with all its data being spread amongst all of the industries.” The SVP then went into Apptio’s IPO. “We’re pretty excited about it, because it validates the space,” he declared. “Apptio specifically mentioned us as one [of] their competitors and we have employees that previously worked at Apptio and we’re excited because our solution is in many ways a complement to Apptio, because ours is much more detailed, granular and accurate.” Going Forward When we inquired about the future, Thompson said they see growth of 20 percent over the next five years. “We really think this is about to expand going from larger Fortune 1000 companies down to the more mid-size businesses,” he added. However, the company faces a few challenges, COO Bigelow supplemented. “Our biggest challenge [is] to have the marketplace understand that Digital Fuel, as a standalone, is going to be much more successful than they were in the last two or three years.” Finally, Thompson discussed potential acquisitions. “This industry, ITBM is actually quite fragmented and there are a number of smaller players out there that we’re aggressively in discussions with to potentially acquire,” he commented. “So we’re on the prowl for some of these smaller players to add some complementary technologies.” Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Disclosure: Javier Hasse holds no interest in any of the securities or entities mentioned above. Posted-In: Digital FuelLong Ideas News IPOs Exclusives Tech Trading Ideas Interview Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BA + APTI) Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? 10 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Wednesday, November 9 These 11 Stocks Could Drop 70% Best Sector ETFs For November: Let's Get Cyclical Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil Down Over 1.5%; NCR Shares Spike Higher Apple Earnings Paint Mixed Picture, But Crude Weakness More Of A Drag View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on APTI Trending Recent 1 NR, NVDA: 18 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 2 JDST, DUST: Gold Is Tumbling On Expectations Of Rising Interest Rates, Low... 3 DECK, NVDA: 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday 4 T, TWTR: Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&A... 5 BUFF, NVDA: 7 Stocks To Watch For November 11, 2016 6 AMZN, GOOG: Trip Chowdhry's Top... 7 FCX, KMI: Jim Cramer Shares... 1 SSTK, GRPN: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 CBS, CMCSA: The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long 3 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 4 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 5 GOOG, GOOGL: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear 6 GOOG, GOOGL: YouTube's CEO On Why The V... 7 APHQF, MQTRF: Marijuana Legalizat... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 14 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session USD/CAD Trading Higher, Canadian Housing Starts Rise
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska United Reports September 2016 Operational Performance News provided by United Airlines Oct 11, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article CHICAGO, Oct. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- United Airlines (UAL) today reported September 2016 operational results. UAL's September 2016 consolidated traffic (revenue passenger miles) increased 3.9 percent and consolidated capacity (available seat miles) increased 3.6 percent versus September 2015. UAL's September 2016 consolidated load factor increased 0.3 points compared to September 2015. The company now expects third-quarter 2016 consolidated passenger unit revenue to decline 5.5 to 6.0 percent compared to the third quarter of 2015. The year-over-year performance was primarily impacted by a strong U.S. dollar, lower surcharges, travel reductions from customers impacted by lower oil prices, competitive actions and passenger demand not growing at the same pace as industry capacity. The company's consolidated passenger unit revenue result was near the top end of the initial guidance range largely due to better than expected September close-in bookings driven by the timing of certain holidays. About United United Airlines and United Express operate more than 4,500 flights a day to 339 airports across five continents. In 2015, United and United Express operated more than 1.5 million flights carrying more than 140 million customers. United is proud to have the world's most comprehensive route network, including U.S. mainland hubs in Chicago, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, New York/Newark, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. United operates more than 720 mainline aircraft, and this year, the airline anticipates taking delivery of 21 new Boeing aircraft, including 737 NGs, 787s and 777s. The airline is a founding member of Star Alliance, which provides service to 192 countries via 28 member airlines. For more information, visit united.com, follow @United on Twitter or connect on Facebook. The common stock of United's parent, United Continental Holdings, Inc., is traded on the NYSE under the symbol UAL. Preliminary Operational Results  September Year-to-Date 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change  REVENUE PASSENGER MILES (000) Domestic 8,070,260 7,529,120 7.2% 71,286,960 69,903,636 2.0% International 7,477,243 7,292,562 2.5% 69,286,239 69,268,354 0.0% Atlantic 3,513,479 3,566,853 (1.5%) 27,916,951 29,101,239 (4.1%) Pacific 2,820,300 2,674,280 5.5% 25,565,376 25,358,292 0.8% Latin 1,143,464 1,051,429 8.8% 15,803,912 14,808,823 6.7% Mainline 15,547,503 14,821,682 4.9% 140,573,199 139,171,990 1.0% Regional 1,972,045 2,043,123 (3.5%) 18,197,746 18,720,990 (2.8%) Consolidated 17,519,548 16,864,805 3.9% 158,770,945 157,892,980 0.6% AVAILABLE SEAT MILES (000) Domestic 9,492,348 8,815,651 7.7% 83,125,381 80,970,986 2.7% International 9,211,276 9,055,645 1.7% 86,126,450 85,203,692 1.1% Atlantic 4,370,090 4,309,967 1.4% 36,632,973 36,456,123 0.5% Pacific 3,470,415 3,395,146 2.2% 30,744,965 30,767,017 (0.1%) Latin 1,370,771 1,350,532 1.5% 18,748,512 17,980,552 4.3% Mainline 18,703,624 17,871,296 4.7% 169,251,831 166,174,678 1.9% Regional 2,360,375 2,463,507 (4.2%) 21,820,140 22,524,606 (3.1%) Consolidated 21,063,999 20,334,803 3.6% 191,071,971 188,699,284 1.3% PASSENGER LOAD FACTOR Domestic 85.0% 85.4% (0.4) pts 85.8% 86.3% (0.5) pts International 81.2% 80.5% 0.7 pts 80.4% 81.3% (0.9) pts Atlantic 80.4% 82.8% (2.4) pts 76.2% 79.8% (3.6) pts Pacific 81.3% 78.8% 2.5 pts 83.2% 82.4% 0.8 pts Latin 83.4% 77.9% 5.5 pts 84.3% 82.4% 1.9 pts Mainline 83.1% 82.9% 0.2 pts 83.1% 83.8% (0.7) pts Regional 83.5% 82.9% 0.6 pts 83.4% 83.1% 0.3 pts Consolidated 83.2% 82.9% 0.3 pts 83.1% 83.7% (0.6) pts ONBOARD PASSENGERS (000) Mainline 8,420 7,684 9.6% 75,417 72,158 4.5% Regional 3,561 3,633 (2.0%) 31,737 33,059 (4.0%) Consolidated 11,981 11,317 5.9% 107,154 105,217 1.8% CARGO REVENUE TON MILES (000) Total 244,996 211,666 15.7% 2,014,855 1,934,973 4.1% Note: See Part II, Item 6 Selected Financial Data of the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for the definition of these statistics Third Quarter Preliminary Fuel Costs Per Gallon Estimated average price per gallon of fuel, including operating cash-settled hedges1 $1.52    Operating cash-settled hedge loss price per gallon ($0.03) Estimated average price per gallon of fuel, excluding hedges $1.49 Estimated average price per gallon of fuel, including operating cash-settled hedges1 $1.52    Non-operating cash-settled hedge loss price per gallon2 $0.00 Estimated average price per gallon of fuel, including all cash-settled hedges3 $1.52 1This price per gallon corresponds to fuel expense in UAL's income statement 2This price per gallon corresponds to the impact of non-operating hedges that appear in non-operating expense in the income statement 3This price per gallon corresponds to the total economic cost of the company's fuel consumption including all cash-settled hedges but does not directly correspond to fuel expense in UAL's income statement  Preliminary Operational Results 2016 2015 Change September On-Time Performance4 70.9% 67.7% 3.2 pts September Completion Factor5 99.2% 99.1% 0.1 pts 4Based on consolidated scheduled flights arriving on or before scheduled arrival time 5Consolidated completion percentage Safe Harbor Statement Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: Certain statements included in this investor update are forward-looking and thus reflect our current expectations and beliefs with respect to certain current and future events and financial performance. Such forward-looking statements are and will be subject to many risks and uncertainties relating to our operations and business environment that may cause actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Words such as "expects," "will," "plans," "anticipates," "indicates," "believes," "forecast," "guidance," "outlook" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Additionally, forward-looking statements include statements that do not relate solely to historical facts, such as statements which identify uncertainties or trends, discuss the possible future effects of current known trends or uncertainties or which indicate that the future effects of known trends or uncertainties cannot be predicted, guaranteed or assured. All forward-looking statements in this investor update are based upon information available to us on the date of this investor update. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Our actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to numerous factors including, without limitation, the following: our ability to comply with the terms of our various financing arrangements; the costs and availability of financing; our ability to maintain adequate liquidity; our ability to execute our operational plans, including optimizing our revenue; our ability to control our costs, including realizing benefits from our resource optimization efforts, cost reduction initiatives and fleet replacement programs; our ability to utilize our net operating losses; our ability to attract and retain customers; demand for transportation in the markets in which we operate; an outbreak of a disease that affects travel demand or travel behavior; demand for travel and the impact that global economic conditions have on customer travel patterns; excessive taxation and the inability to offset future taxable income; general economic conditions (including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, investment or credit market conditions, crude oil prices, costs of aircraft fuel and energy refining capacity in relevant markets); our ability to cost-effectively hedge against increases in the price of aircraft fuel; any potential realized or unrealized gains or losses related to fuel or currency hedging programs; the effects of any hostilities, act of war or terrorist attack; the ability of other air carriers with whom we have alliances or partnerships to provide the services contemplated by the respective arrangements with such carriers; the costs and availability of aviation and other insurance; industry consolidation or changes in airline alliances; competitive pressures on pricing and on demand; our capacity decisions and the capacity decisions of our competitors; U.S. or foreign governmental legislation, regulation and other actions (including open skies agreements and environmental regulations); the impact of regulatory, investigative and legal proceedings and legal compliance risks; the impact of any management changes; labor costs; our ability to maintain satisfactory labor relations and the results of the collective bargaining agreement process with our union groups; any disruptions to operations due to any potential actions by our labor groups; weather conditions; and other risks and uncertainties set forth under Item 1A., Risk Factors, of UAL's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the reports we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130404/MM89155LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/united-reports-september-2016-operational-performance-300342035.html SOURCE United Airlines Related Links http://ir.united.com http://www.united.com Oct 17, 2016, 16:23 ET Preview: United Airlines Reports Third-Quarter 2016 Performance Oct 07, 2016, 13:30 ET Preview: United Airlines Will Give a Total of 5 Million Miles to Customers Who Support Hurricane Relief My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 08, 2016, 16:15 ETUnited Reports October 2016 Operational Performance Oct 26, 2016, 10:15 ETUnited Airlines and Clean the World Partner to Assemble Hygiene... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Passenger Aviation Travel Industry You just read: United Reports September 2016 Operational Performance News provided by United Airlines Oct 11, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Commercial Aircraft Market 2021 Overview and Growth ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Commercial Aircraft2021 Market Research Report The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 11, 2016 ) This report studies Commercial Aircraft in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Boeing Airbus GE Bombardier United Technologies Rolls-Royce Holdings COMAC For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-commercial-aircraft-market-research-report-2016 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Commercial Aircraft in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Commercial Aircraft in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001419101/sample Table of Content 1 Commercial Aircraft Overview 2 Global Commercial Aircraft Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Commercial Aircraft Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 4 Global Commercial Aircraft Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Commercial Aircraft Consumption by Regions (2011-2016) 4.2 North America Commercial Aircraft Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.3 Europe Commercial Aircraft Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.4 China Commercial Aircraft Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.5 Japan Commercial Aircraft Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.6 Southeast Asia Commercial Aircraft Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.7 India Commercial Aircraft Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Commercial Aircraft Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Commercial Aircraft Production and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.2 Global Commercial Aircraft Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.3 Global Commercial Aircraft Price by Type (2011-2016) 5.4 Global Commercial Aircraft Production Growth by Type (2011-2016) Ask for Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001419101/discount. 6 Global Commercial Aircraft Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Commercial Aircraft Consumption and Market Share by Application (2011-2016) 6.2 Global Commercial Aircraft Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2011-2016) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Commercial Aircraft Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Commercial Aircraft Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Type I 7.1.2.2 Type II 7.1.3 Boeing Commercial Aircraft Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Airbus 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Commercial Aircraft Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Type I 7.2.2.2 Type II 7.2.3 Airbus Commercial Aircraft Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Research Findings and Conclusion 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Commercial Aircraft Market Forecast (2016-2021) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001419101/buy/2900. Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016


null
' Get a Glimpse Into Yak-152 Production | France Annoyed Over Poland’s Dissing Airbus Deal | Philippines Ready Buy Russian Mil Helicopters Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents Get a Glimpse Into Yak-152 Production | France Annoyed Over Poland’s Dissing Airbus Deal | Philippines Ready to Buy Russian Mil Helicopters Oct 11, 2016 00:58 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Americas Honeywell is working on improving the T55 turboshaft engine found on the CH-47 Chinook helicopter. Aimed at increasing its power efficiency by 25%, work has begun on developing a new improved compressor that would increase the T55’s engine power – from 4,700shp (3,500kW) to 6,000shp – and reduce fuel usage by 8%. The research coincides with Boeing’s Block 2 upgrade on the helicopter, which aims to increase its lost pay-load capability. Middle East & North Africa The USS Mason, a US Navy guided missile destroyer, was targeted and attacked by missiles launched from Houthi rebel-controlled territory off the coast of Yemen. Both missiles launched during a one hour attack failed to reach the vessel instead falling short into the Red Sea. The incident comes just a week after a UAE vessel was hit by a Houthi anti-ship missile and the weekend bombing of a funeral by Saudi warplanes. Six German Tornado fighters, grounded last week over safety concerns, have returned to combating militants from the Islamic State. Issues with the planes were discovered last Thursday which involved loose screws that could not be properly tightened in some key cockpit equipment. The six jets are being used for surveillance flights out of Incirlik air base in Turkey near the Syrian border Africa The Dutch government has said it will continue their peace mission in Mali in 2017 but will withdraw their helicopter contingent at the start of the year. As a result, the UN will be left struggling to find replacement aircraft. Potential supplier Canada has yet to commit and Germany, who has 570 soldiers stationed in Mali, are concerned that they may have to fill the gap. Europe For those wanting a glimpse into the production of the Yak-152 then look no further. Russian journalist Felix Kondyor was given access to a small corner at Irkutsk where the trainer is being assembled. France has reacted angrily to Poland dropping a multi-billion helicopter deal with Airbus, warning that it would review defense cooperation with its NATO ally and cancelling a presidential visit to Warsaw. Winning support as a populist, right-wing, eurosceptics, the ruling Law & Justice party (PiS) said they would rather see the deal awarded to a company that could build the helicopters locally. Polish media reports that Warsaw has already begun negotiations with Lockheed Martin’s Sikorsky, manufacturer of locally-produced Black Hawk helicopters that could be purchased by the Polish army as soon as this year. Asia Pacific South Korea is looking to add two more Boeing 737 AEW&C aircraft to their current fleet of four in order to boost operational capabilities. The increased number will also allow Seoul to use the aircraft as a deterrent against North Korea. However any acquisition will take time with a ministry source saying it could take up to five years for the necessary budget needed to start the project. Sources within the Philippine Foreign Affairs Department told reporters that the government is set to buy two military helicopters from Russia. Valued between $12 and $17 million, likely models being sought are the Mi-17 or the Mi-24. The same source added that Russia is willing to give deep discounts for the rotor-craft and offer extended payment schemes. Today’s Video Royal Air Force Eurofighters during exercises in Malaysia: Advertisement Categories: Daily Rapid Fire Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
' Quote the Raven: Poland’s Attack Helicopter Competition Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents Quote the Raven: Poland’s Attack Helicopter Competition Nov 08, 2016 00:52 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Latest update [?] November 8/16: Egypt and Russia have been dragged into the ongoing war of words surrounding Poland’s dropped Caracel helicopter deal with Airbus and France. Polish Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz accused Egypt of reselling French-built Mistral amphibious assault ships initially intended for Russia to the Russian Navy for the princely sum of €1. Yes, one Euro. The comments, made during a parliamentary session, outraged France, who abandoned the Russian sale under pressure from NATO allies. However Macierewicz’s remarks pale in comparison to his deputy who dismissively said that the Poles had taught the French “to eat with a fork a couple of centuries ago” after France revoked Poland’s invitation to the Euronaval 2016 defense expo in Paris. Keep reading for the whole story with recent events put in context Polish Mi-24 (click to view full) Recent Russian aggression in the Ukraine has sharpened Poland’s awareness of its status as NATO’s new linchpin state, and an ambitious 10-year military Technical Modernization Program (TMP) is underway. The country’s open, rolling terrain from East to West is very friendly to cavalry warfare, which makes good attack helicopters a necessity. Poland’s current fleet of 29 late Soviet-era Mi-24D/Vs has served them well, but they need more and better machines. Unsurprisingly, the planned Kruk (“Raven”) attack helicopter replacement competition was one of the TMP projects targeted for acceleration in the wake of recent events. Contracts and Key Events FY 2017 T-129 ATAK (click to view full) November 8/16: Egypt and Russia have been dragged into the ongoing war of words surrounding Poland’s dropped Caracel helicopter deal with Airbus and France. Polish Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz accused Egypt of reselling French-built Mistral amphibious assault ships initially intended for Russia to the Russian Navy for the princely sum of €1. Yes, one Euro. The comments, made during a parliamentary session, outraged France, who abandoned the Russian sale under pressure from NATO allies. However Macierewicz’s remarks pale in comparison to his deputy who dismissively said that the Poles had taught the French “to eat with a fork a couple of centuries ago” after France revoked Poland’s invitation to the Euronaval 2016 defense expo in Paris. November 1/16: Polish prosecutors are to investigate the recently scrapped Caracel military helicopter deal with Airbus to see if the move circumvented Polish law or was linked to corruption. Speaking to local media, prosecutor Michal Dziekanski said “this will be a complicated, comprehensive investigation, encompassing a very large set of evidence.” Tomasz Siemoniak, the defense minister responsible for originally brokering the deal during the previous administration, called the Airbus tender “fair and transparent” and said it was canceled by his rivals for political reasons. FY 2015 – 2016 October 27/16: Airbus will seek compensation from Poland following the government’s shooting down of the previous administration’s 50-unit order for H225M multirole helicopters. Following four years of work on the tender, the company’s chief financial officer Harald Wilhelm said the group “had spent years trusting that it was in a fair competition” and that it would now “seek remedies” from Warsaw. Wilhelm added that the deal “would have committed us to build a competitive aerospace industry in Poland.” October 20/16: Negotiations are underway between Poland and Ukraine to launch a joint production effort of helicopters that could be used by the militaries of Central and Eastern European allies. But while Poland is currently in the midst of two increasingly complicated helicopter tenders, Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz said any joint effort would most likely be on a new model “based on the industrial potential of both countries. We know that the Ukrainians make excellent engines, produced by Motor Sich.” Based in southeastern Ukraine, Motor Sich has supplied engines for a variety of Ukrainian and Russian aircraft including the Antonov An-8 and An-10, the Yakovlev Yak-40 and Yak-42, and the Mil Mi-8MT, Mi-14 and Mi-171. October 12/16: Airbus struck back at the Polish government yesterday following the dropping of a multi-billion Caracel helicopter deal. In an open letter to the Prime Minister, the Aerospace giant accused the government of shifting the goalposts as Airbus competed with US and Italian rivals, and attempting to contravene European Union regulations. Speaking in a separate email, Airbus Group Chief Executive Tom Enders said “never have we been treated by any government customer the way this government has treated us.” Industry sources estimate Airbus’ cost of running the helicopter sales campaign at several tens of millions of euros. October 11/16: France has reacted angrily to Poland dropping a multi-billion helicopter deal with Airbus, warning that it would review defense cooperation with its NATO ally and cancelling a presidential visit to Warsaw. Winning support as a populist, right-wing, eurosceptics, the ruling Law & Justice party (PiS) said they would rather see the deal awarded to a company that could build the helicopters locally. Polish media reports that Warsaw has already begun negotiations with Lockheed Martin’s Sikorsky, manufacturer of locally-produced Black Hawk helicopters that could be purchased by the Polish army as soon as this year. October 8/15: Poland has progressed its competition to replace the country’s fleet of Mil Mi-24 attack helicopters, with talks scheduled to soon begin with the four bidders. The ‘Kruk’ (‘Raven’) competition has attracted bids from Airbus with the EC665 Tiger; Bell Helicopters with the AH-1Z Cobra; Boeing with the AH-64 Apache and Turkish Aerospace Industries with the T129 ATAK. Despite the Polish Defence Ministry announcing in April that a winner is due for selection by the end of the year, these talks are scheduled to last one week per company, concluding by the end of November and a contract is now expected in the latter half of 2017. April 22/15: In addition to the Patriot announcement, Poland has selected the Airbus H225M to fulfill its tri-service helicopter requirement. 50 of the Airbus helicopters will replace the current 40-strong fleet of Mil Mi-17s; a figure revised down from the original requirement for 70 units. The H225M beat out AgustaWestland’s AW149 and Sikorsky’s S-70i Black Hawk and S-70B Seahawk, with the winning helicopter set to undergo checks this May and June to verify its capabilities against Poland’s requirement set. The Eastern European state is also looking to upgrade its attack helicopter fleet. Combined with the Patriot program, the helicopter procurement will account for approximately a quarter of Poland’s eight-year defense modernization budget. Aug 5/14: The Polish defence ministry has said that it is considering bids from 10 manufacturers under the Kruk competition. They wouldn’t name names, saying only that it involved “foreign and domestic companies offering both ready-made helicopters and components for assembly.” The difference between ready-made and assembly kits is a bidder’s choice, and the kits option is often used to comply with local industrial offset rules. The harder question is how to get to 10 manufacturers, given the limited number of attack helicopter options out there. Obvious leaders include Airbus (EC665 Tiger HAD), AW/TAI (T129 ATAK), Bell Helicopter (AH-1Z) and Boeing (AH-64E). South Africa’s Denel offers the Rooivalk, which hasn’t been exported but has competed elsewhere. Sikorsky is working very hard to win Poland’s utility helicopter competition with the S-70i, which is the focus of that company’s 2nd largest helicopter plant. Their Battlehawk add-on kit could offer Poland a single-type force that’s able to perform both utility and attack roles. That’s 6 possible competitors; beyond this list, one must either stretch the boundaries of the term “attack helicopter” to incorporate armed scouts, or entertain far less likely options. Russian Helicopters’ Ka-52 and Mi-28 are absolute non-starters, but there are rumors that Poland’s MRO and upgrade shop WZL-2 S.A. has bid, and that Israel’s IAI and RAFAEL also responded. Sources: Polskie Radio, “10 bidders to modernize Poland’s combat helicopter fleet”. July 8/14: Kruk program launched, deadline to respond to the RFI is Aug 1/14. The program was originally supposed to launch a tender in 2018, with deliveries beginning in 2020, but the tender has now been moved up to 2015. Quantities may also be changing: the program’s original goal was 32 helicopters, but current reports indicate that Poland may increase that to 40. In the mean time, Phase 1 involves setting technical and operational requirements, following market research. Hence the RFI. Next comes a more detailed feasibility study and staffing requirements based on the responses, followed by the formal RFP in 2015. Sources: Polish MON, “Rusza program smiglowcow uderzeniowych” | Emirates 24/7 News, “Poland launches tender for assault helicopters” | Flightglobal, “Poland launches attack helicopter acquisition” | IHS Jane’s Defence Weekly, “Poland starts ‘Kruk’ attack helicopter acquisition programme”. Additional Readings Thanks for tips to: Lukasz Pacholski. Potential Competitors DID – AH-64E Apache Block III: The Once and Future Attack Helicopter. DID – Snakes and Rotors: The USMC’s H-1 Helicopter Program. Includes the AH-1Z. DID – Armed & Versatile: Sikorsky’s ‘Battlehawk’ Helicopters. Based on the UH-60M/ S-70i. UAE was the launch customer, and Israel has tested a more extensive conversion. Airbus Helicopters – EC665 Tiger. Army Technology – Rooivalk Attack Helicopter, South Africa. DID – Turkey Finally Lands Its Attack Helicopters. The T-129 ATAK. News & Views The Economist (July 26/14) – A front-line state. Reuters (July 15/14) – Airbus offers Poland core status in helicopter bid. Refers to utility helicopters (AW149 vs. EC725 vs. S-70i), but industrial considerations transfer over. Advertisement Categories: Airbus, Boeing, Europe - Other, Finmeccanica, Helicopters & Rotary, Other Corporation, Pre-RFP, Textron, USA Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y


null
null
null
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,271 Reviews & Articles | 52,871 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! Home News Science, Space & Robotics Mysterious Mars has a flag and Yemen wannabe owners We decided to take a look at some interesting facts about the place that could become our home someday By: Lana Jelic | Science, Space & Robotics News | Posted: Oct 10, 2016 5:26 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA We've learned a lof about Mars in the past decades thanks to probes and rovers that are studying the closest planet to Earth. If everything goes as planned, Mars could become our second home someday. Elon Musk has ambitious plans in colonizing Mars, and he isn't the only one who wants to send people to the Red Planet. Just last week Dennis Muilenburg, the CEO of The Boeing Company, stated that he is convinced that the first humans to set foot on Mars will get there by a Boeing rocket.     Whoever sends the first people to Mars will set a huge milestone in the history of humankind. It will mark the first time a human being has set foot on another planet, and it could happen during our lifetime. Can you just imagine how exciting it must have been for people around the world sitting in front of TVs and watching the first Moon landing? We could experience the same, but this time the space exploration will get us much further.   If and when the first people reach Mars, it will also mark the first time a person walked on any other space body other than Earth since 1972 when Eugene Cernan was the last person to walk on the Moon.   We decided to take a look at some interesting facts about the place that could become our home someday.   • Over 200,000 people have applied for a one-way trip to colonize Mars.   • A year on Mars has 687 earth days, and the days last for 24 hours and 37 minutes.   • Sunsets on Mars do not look like the ones on Earth. The sun sets on Mars with a bluish glow, due to the rare (thin) atmosphere and small dust particles.   via GIPHY   • Mars has the tallest known mountain on a planet of our Solar System - Olympus Mons, with a height of 22 km (13.7 miles) or 72,000 feet, more than double Mt. Everest.     • Mars is populated entirely by robots, two of them are still operational - the Opportunity and the Curiosity rovers.   • The movie Gravity was more expensive than India's Mars mission. At the cost of $100 million, the movie Gravity is $26 million more expensive than the cost of India's space agency putting the satellite into Mars' orbit.   • India is also the first country to reach the Red Planet on its first attempt successfully.   • Mars is red because the surface material contains lots of iron oxide, the same compound that gives blood and rust their hue.   • On its one-year anniversary, the NASA's Curiosity Rover sang the "Happy Birthday" tune to itself on Mars.     • The average temperature on Mars is -63°C.   • In 1997, three men from Yemen tried to sue NASA for invading Mars, claiming they had inherited it from their ancestors 3,000 years ago.   • If you have a weight problem, it might come as a consolation that you weight 60% less on Mars than on Earth.   • Mars is about half the size of the Earth.     • Jupiter has 67 moons, Saturn has 62, Uranus 27, Neptune 14, Mars 2 and Earth just one.   • Mars had an oxygen-rich atmosphere around 4 billion years ago.   • Mars has a flag. It was designed by a NASA engineer. The flag of Mars is a tricolor (red, green and blue) used to represent the planet Mars, its exploration, and its eventual transformation into a more Earth-like world.     • There are five planets you can see with the naked eye, not using a telescope: Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn.   • According to NASA, it would cost about $18,000 to send a letter to Mars.   • Mars' craters larger than 60 km are named for deceased scientists, writers and others who have contributed to the study of Mars.   • Mars has the largest dust storms in the Solar System. They can last for months and can cover the entire planet.   • In 1840, Johann Heinrich Mädler combined ten years of observations and drew the first map of Mars.   • Mars is the second smallest planet in the Solar System, after Mercury.   • In 1610, Mars was viewed by Galileo Galilei, who was first to see it via telescope.   • NASA research suggests Mars once had more water than Earth's Arctic Ocean. Recommended for You The biggest Supermoon in decades appears tonight SpaceX has solved the mystery of Falcon 9's explosion... Vote while you float: This is how astronauts vote Humans mark 16 years of constant presence in space >> NEXT STORY: Star Citizen singleplayer campaign delayed indefinitely << PREVIOUS STORY: Stunning video shows capabilities of the Pixel XL camera Related Tags Boeing NASA Mars space space exploration Elon Musk SpaceX Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Trump to forego his presidential salary in office Skyrim: Special Edition is already getting modded Dishonored 2 director 'distressed' over PC performance Win a Disney/Pixar 'Finding Dory' Blu-ray prize pack Watch Dogs 2 runs at less than 30FPS on PS4 sometimesView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity GA Z170X Ultra Gaming (BIOS F20e) and ram XMP profile: help needed! Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition Xbox One Review Doctor Strange Movie Review Gigabyte X99 Designare EX BIOS V-1100 Power and HDD LED Plastic HolderView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
All regions Ukraine Europe America Middle East Asia&Pacific Africa Russia Breaking news 20:30 Nov. 12, 2016 ‘Death fleet’ arrived: civilians killed, Aleppo assaulted (video) 19:10 Nov. 12, 2016 Russia sends more armour to Donbas: 2 Ukrainian soldiers killed 15:43 Nov. 12, 2016 Trump to call Putin after his ‘beautiful letter’ 14:40 Nov. 12, 2016 Epic fail: ‘Ukrainian saboteurs’ in FSB video armed with toy guns (photo) 11:55 Nov. 12, 2016 Russian proxies attacked Ukraine 36 times per day, civilian killed 20:18 Nov. 11, 2016 Russia expects no sanctions relief under Trump - Medvedev 19:41 Nov. 11, 2016 Eastern front: situation continues to deteriorate 19:03 Nov. 11, 2016 Former U.S. ambassador banned from visiting Russia 18:06 Nov. 11, 2016 Russia denies apologies for Montenegro coup 17:01 Nov. 11, 2016 OSCE reports sharp increase in fighting with 7,000 ceasefire violations last week 16:07 Nov. 11, 2016 BREAKING: Serbia deports Russians suspected of Montenegro plot, Moscow apologizes 15:36 Nov. 11, 2016 Ukraine gears up massive destabilization plotted by Russia 15:01 Nov. 11, 2016 Ukraine sells its Oplot tanks to Thailand 14:20 Nov. 11, 2016 U.S. goes on with troops deployment in Europe 13:08 Nov. 11, 2016 Ukraine resents its new assault rifle 11:00 Nov. 11, 2016 Savchenko calls on Trump to tighten sanctions against Russia 20:01 Nov. 10, 2016 A monument to "granny of 30 kings" inaugurated in Kyiv 19:33 Nov. 10, 2016 EU to extend sanctions on Russia in December - Reuters 18:49 Nov. 10, 2016 Ukrainian documentary Austerlitz wins main prize at DOC Leipzig 18:48 Nov. 10, 2016 Obama welcomes U.S. president-elect Trump at White House (LIVE stream) 18:07 Nov. 10, 2016 Chornobyl confinement 'completed and ready for activation' - RFE/RL 17:54 Nov. 10, 2016 Candidate for top position in Trump’s cabinet stands for arming Ukraine 17:19 Nov. 10, 2016 Ukraine to sue Russia for illicit sea drilling 17:13 Nov. 10, 2016 Anti-Trump rallies sweep across U.S. 14:53 Nov. 10, 2016 Command of Russian military sent Buk missile to Ukraine – Bellingcat NewsLivePOLITICSBUSINESSENTERTAINMENTCRIMETECH&SCIENCESOCIETYSPORTPRESSOPINIONABOUT 19:35 Oct. 10, 2016 MH17 report blaming Putin will have no effect – UT poll A demonstration against Putin, linked to MH17 shootdown (GettyImages Photo) Send via email UT audience appeared pessimistic on the triumph of the justice in MH17 case After the Joint Investigation Team report on the Malaysian Boeing catastrophe report Ukraine Today asked our readers a question: "MH17 report implies Putin guilty: what's next?" More than 20.55% of our audience responded with the assurance, that Putin will be called to The Hague. 14.73% the readers think that report will lead to the strengthening of the sanctions, and 7.88% – to the increasing of support for Ukraine. Read also Rutte: Russia should stop ‘spreading all kinds of nonsense' about MH17 8.22% expect another few years of investigation on perpetrators, and 1.71% are afraid of some back-room deals between the West and Putin's regime. But most surprising was the last answer. The majority of UT audience appeared pessimistic on the triumph of the justice: 46.92% of respondents chose ‘Nothing changes' variant. Read also Joint Investigation Team cannot blame anyone - Bohdan Yaremenko On our side, we do believe that the last answer was rather cautious than true and this time international law in the case of international terrorism punishment will be met thanks to the huge efforts of millions of indifferent people from around the world. "Bad men need nothing more to compass their ends, than that good men should look on and do nothing," John Stuart Mill on February 1, 1867. Read also MH17 investigation report: full version (with video) Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Society23:17 Nov. 11, 2016 Poland celebrates Independence Day Society23:15 Nov. 11, 2016 British teacher meets Ukrainian education Society16:35 Nov. 11, 2016 Stand against Kremlin: Anniversary of mutiny on Soviet Navy ship Society16:29 Nov. 10, 2016 Anti-Trump rallies sweep across U.S. Society14:43 Nov. 10, 2016 Command of Russian military sent Buk missile to Ukraine – Bellingcat See more news Tweets by @uatodaytv Ukraine Today WEEKLY DIGEST Subscribe to receive regular email updates about Ukraine and Eastern Europe Copyright © 2014News|Live|Politics|Business|Entertainment|Crime|Tech&Science|Society|Sport|Opinion|About Privacy policy Communicate Follow Follow @uatodaytv Subscribe vk154998
null
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 14 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's Air Arabia Q3 net profit rises UAE's ENBD bank expects retail lending growth to fall in 2017 Dubai's Alabbar to launch Middle East online shopping platform Dubai mulls a new law for affordable housing Dubai Marina was top pick in Q3 Dubai industrial realty is running hot, says DIP CEO Aluminium Bahrain Q3 net income rises 65.1% Hyperloop between Dubai, Abu Dhabi in full swing Dubai mulls a new law for affordable housing Algeria Tiguentourine gas plant back at capacity before year's end - Iran opens three new oilfields as it boosts output Saudi energy minister in Algiers for talks UAE's ENBD bank expects retail lending growth to fall in 2017 India cenbank asks banks to furnish daily data on cash withdrawals Dubai ruler issues law on free zones Al Baraka Banking Group's third-quarter net profit drops 3.75% Islamic stocks in Qatar surge about 2% Islamic finance nears final standard for gold-based products Dubai's Alabbar to launch Middle East online shopping platform Omani telecom provider to roll out Internet of Things network Zain Saudi told to pay rival millions in arbitration Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE consumer confidence down on job worries Egypt targets budget deficit of 8.5-9.5% of GDP Strong earthquake strikes near Christchurch, New Zealand UAE consumer confidence down on job worries UAE's Fujairah seeks partnerships with all investors- Ruler Saudi tourism sector creates 1.3 million jobs Saudi clinics treat over 3,000 Syrians a week in Jordan Syrian army and allies advance in Aleppo Jordan's ICT initiative designed to create 150,000 jobs Egypt targets budget deficit of 8.5-9.5% of GDP Algeria Tiguentourine gas plant back at capacity before year's end - Tunisian trade deficit worsens to $4.76 bln in Oct Strong earthquake strikes near Christchurch, New Zealand Iraq troops vow to tighten noose on Islamic State in Mosul Emirates NBD updates of what Trump economy could look like Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities India raises cap on cash withdrawals to ease public anger Oil prices extend declines on oversupply worries Gold broadly steady on short covering after global commodity sell-off Egyptian stocks rise further following IMF loan approval Shares exposed to emerging market funds sag but Saudi index climbs Emerging market weakness, lower oil may hit regional shares India raises cap on cash withdrawals to ease public anger India cenbank asks banks to furnish daily data on cash withdrawals UAE Exchange President explains how Indians can exchange currency Oil prices extend declines on oversupply worries Gold broadly steady on short covering after global commodity sell-off Egypt tender draws few offers on day of planned protests Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Qatar Airways fined in U.S. for using prohibited airspace Dubai ruler issues law on free zones Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring Dubai ruler issues law on free zones Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring Kuwait's court confirms royal can run in polls Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Illegal drone users to face prosecution in UAE Qatar Airways fined in U.S. for using prohibited airspace Dubai ruler issues law on free zones Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring No backing off on Umrah fee, says Saudi Ministry of Haj Absent Kuwaiti employee receives salary for 10 years Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE, China popular for millennials seeking to advance career Emirates passengers can now get UAE visa using app Five decades & 200 films later, Jackie Chan finally wins Oscar Qatar Charity signs partnership pact with Almaha Medical Tips for coping with post-election shock Cosmetic surgery on the rise in Oman Dubai Canal sets off ripple of excitement Asserting a Muslim fashion identity Russia upholds LinkedIn ban over data protection fears Emirates passengers can now get UAE visa using app No backing off on Umrah fee, says Saudi Ministry of Haj Emiratis in U.S. warned of rising aggression Five decades & 200 films later, Jackie Chan finally wins Oscar Sting reopens Paris music hall on attack anniversary Filmmaker Michael Moore visits Trump Tower British swimmer to brave sharks in Atlantic crossing Rugby- England a step closer to top after beating Springboks Cricket- England pick up two wickets after setting India 310 for win Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Revolutionizing manufacturing with virtual reality and augmented reality 10 October, 2016 Dubai, United Arab Emirates, October 10, 2016 The manufacturing sector has undergone dynamic change, with global manufacturers encouraging innovation. In the integration of digitalization and adoption of new technologies lies the future of manufacturing. In this context, Dr. Rab Scott, Head of Virtual Reality and Modelling Group, Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre (AMRC) with Boeing will deliver a case study presentation at the GCC Manufacturing Excellence and Technology Summit 2016 that will be held on 14-15 November 2016 at Sofitel Dubai The Palm Resort & Spa. His presentation will focus on exploring the potential of virtual reality and augmented reality in manufacturing. Before his session at the summit, Dr. Rab Scott discusses the importance of integrating virtual reality and augmented reality in manufacturing processes. 1.    Could you please elaborate a bit on your work within AMRC with Boeing? The AMRC with Boeing is a research centre which is part of the University of Sheffield and which has nearly 100 industrial partners ranging from Boeing and Rolls-Royce to local SMEs. It was established in 2001 with 8 people - I was one of those 8! Currently I am Head of Virtual Reality and Simulation and also Digital Theme Lead. As such, I work with companies on projects using Virtual and Augments Reality and incorporating the "digital thread". By this I mean the integration of cyber-physical systems into what is known as a "digital twin"002E. 2.    According to you, what would be the key advantage of incorporating virtual reality in manufacturing processes? Advertisement The advantage of using virtual reality in manufacturing is the ability to firstly "try before you buy" - the ability to test scenarios, designs and factory or facility layouts before implementing them physically means that you can "fail faster" but fail virtually - therefore reducing risk, cost and time. 3.    Modeling, Simulation, and Visualization are critical technologies. Please share briefly about a project where visualization tools/ technologies has provided increased value An example of where the use of advanced visualization has increased value has been in the area of new facility design and layout. One company with whom we have worked, wanted to build a new facility for manufacturing. By using a combination of simulation linked to virtual reality, the company was able to engage multiple stakeholder groups in the same audience. By doing this, it created discussion which identified a number of design issues that were resolved in the virtual world before the construction had started. Another example is where a company had designed a product but wanted to evaluate the design for manufacturability. They were able to get immersed in the digital mockup of the product, identify areas which would have been very challenging to manufacture and change the assembly process to aid access. 4.    What will you be presenting at the GCC Manufacturing Excellence & Technology Summit 2016 I will be presenting an overview of the history and culture behind one of the UK's leading manufacturing research centres and a few case studies on how VR and AR have provided value for our partners. 5.    What will be the key takeaway for attendees from your presentation? The key takeaway will be that the digital world can provide value throughout a product's lifecycle and that failure *is* an option, as long as it is done virtually! Hear Dr. Rab Scott speak at length at the GCC Manufacturing Excellence and Technology Summit 2016. The summit is scheduled to take place on 14-15 November 2016 at Sofitel Dubai The Palm Resort & Spa. More information on the summit is available at http://www.gccmanufacturing.com/. Follow the Summit on social media with the hashtag # GMETS2016. -Ends- About Expotrade   Expotrade is a global conference and event organizer with its head office based in Melbourne, Australia and a regional office in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Expotrade has delivered some of the largest, most successful B2B industry conferences and events. For almost 15 years, our unique blend of knowledge, experience and flexibility has accomplished an array of consistently top quality events. Today, Expotrade events enjoy such a distinctive edge, they are amongst the best patronized in the calendar. For more information, visit www.expotradeglobal.com Contact information  Lakshmi Ramarajan Expotrade Middle East FZ-LLC Tel: +9714-4542135  Email: marketing@expotrade-me.com © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 UAE's Emaar appoints Veresh Sita as Chief Digital Officer to drive tech strategy for next era of growth 01 Nov 2016 New Independent Director Appointed to AUB Board Ahli United Bank B.S.C. has announced the appointment of Mr. David Hodgkinson, a highly experienced and qualified international banker, as an Independent Director on the Bank’s Board of Directors. 01 Nov 2016  from Action Group Former CEO Naji Skaf Joins Heidrick & Struggles as Partner In Industrial Services Practice to Expand Presence in Middle East "Naji brings with him extensive leadership and management experience in the Chemical 01 Nov 2016 CGC names new General Manager 31 Oct 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 14 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing supports carbon-offset system adoption by ICAO By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 10, 2016 Boeing (NYSE: BA) has commended the International Civil Aviation Organization´s adoption of a carbon-offset system that will help the industry achieve its goal of reducing emissions, the company said. This company said the agreement represents a sector-based, global market mechanism to address climate change and is complementary to the CO2 standard for airplane emissions that ICAO adopted earlier this year. These two agreements result from several years of collaboration by international experts from ICAO member states, the aviation industry and non-governmental organizations. The market-based carbon-offset system and CO2 standard aim to stop the growth of emissions by 2020 and cut them in half by 2050 relative to 2005 levels. These efforts also include: investing in new, more efficient aircraft; improving operational performance of the in-service fleet; improving the efficiency of air traffic management and other infrastructure; and scaling up the use of sustainable alternative fuels. Boeing is a large aerospace company and manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems. The company supports airlines and US and allied government customers in 150 countries. Related posts Lane Crawford picks Orange to improve digital shopping experience November 10, 2016 Orange Business Services has been chosen by multi-brand designer label luxury retailer Lane Crawford to... RiskLens names CFO, VP/M November 10, 2016 Cyber risk quantification solutions provider RiskLens, Inc. has named Dave Sutor the Chief Financial Officer,... Viptela partners with CA Technologies on SD-WAN infrastructures November 10, 2016 Viptela has partnered with CA Technologies to integrate Viptela´s Software Defined-Wide Area Network (SD-WAN) platform... CA Technologies names new CFO November 10, 2016 CA Technologies (NASDAQ:CA) has appointed Kieran J. McGrath new executive vice president and chief financial... Comtech Telecommunications, ip.access enable LTE mobile connectivity November 10, 2016 Comtech Telecommunications Corp.´s Canadian subsidiary Memotec and cell solutions provider ip.access have completed joint performance... « Saker Aviation purchases Aircraft Services Materna expands aviation business with self-serve bag drop installation » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Gadgets Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Artificial Martian Garden To Determine Which Vegetables Grow Best In Mars 10 October 2016, 7:03 am EDT By Rhodi Lee Tech Times Solar System - 5 Fascinating FactsNow Playing Fascinating Facts About Mars - The Red PlanetNow Playing Fascinating Facts About NASANow Playing Which vegetables can grow best in Mars? Scientists are working on an artificial Martian garden to determine which crops would grow best on the Red Planet.   ( Dimitri Gerondidakis | NASA ) Advertisement Researchers from NASA's Kennedy Space Center and the Florida Tech Buzz Aldrin Space Institute are working on an artificial Martian garden that emulates the soil characteristics and climate conditions in Mars. The objective of the project is to determine the best vegetables that can be grown on the Red Planet. NASA has been aiming to send humans to Mars in the near future. Private companies Boeing and SpaceX also expressed their interest to transport humans to the red planet, but among the major concerns of building a human colony in the extraterrestrial world would be feeding the people. The ability to grow vegetables and other crops in the Martian surface would help solve this issue. On Earth, plants are typically grown on soil, which contains organics. Mars, however, does not really have the soil as we know it. It is covered with regolith, crushed volcanic rock that contains nothing organic. It also contains some toxic chemicals and all these conditions require studies that would investigate the plausibility of farming on Mars. Researchers used 100 pounds of Martian soil simulant from Hawaii that were chosen based on data from Mars orbiters. Using this simulant, researchers will conduct experiments to determine which nutrients and how much of these have to be added to the simulant to optimize the growth of various crops. In a pilot study, researchers grew lettuce plants on simulant-only tubes, simulant with added nutrients and potting soil. They will also attempt to grow other plants such as Swiss chard, kale, Chinese cabbage, snow peas, dwarf peppers and tomatoes. All these plants are considered nutritious and have been included in the menu items for astronauts. Researchers plan to release the final report of the test results on March 2017. "[R]esearch studying the performance of crop species grown in a simulated 'Martian garden' - a proving ground for a potential future farm on the Red Planet," wrote Anna Heiney of NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Scientists have been conducting studies to investigate the feasibility of food gardening on Mars. In an experiment being conducted in the Atacama Desert in Peru, scientists are testing 100 potato varieties, which include 60 varieties that were genetically modified to survive with little water and salt, to see if potatoes can be grown on Mars. In another experiment, researchers were able to harvest 10 crops, which include pea, tomato, radish, chives, leek, quinoa, spinach, cress, rye and garden rocket from plants planted on moon and Mars soil simulants. TAG Mars, Crops, plants, Vegetables, Farming © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles ‘Martian Gardens’ Key To Surviving Mars Colonization: NASA Space Spuds: NASA Grows Potatoes On Mars-Like Peruvian Soil Farming On Mars Now Possible: Here's How NASA Astronauts Would Do It Humans Could Be Next To Go if Destruction Of Plant Life Continues Unabated: Study Mars Curiosity Rover Beams New Images From Mars And Alien Hunters Spot Giant Mouse On Red Planet From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? 2 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P To Get Night Mode Again After Android 7.1 Nougat Update Removed It 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 7 Animals Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor 9 Ancient Mating With Neanderthals And Denisovans Helped Ancient Humans Survive Outside Africa 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Android 7.0 Nougat: How To Use Multi-Window Mode On Android 7.0 EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? How To Watch Taurid Meteor Shower 2016: Where And When To Look Up For Fireballs In The Sky Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Google Play Store November 2016: The New Apps, Music, Movies and TV Shows Available To Download Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Specs And Features We Want To See [Exploding Battery Not Included] Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Airforce Technology Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Jump to page content Accessibility News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Home About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Industry Websites Digital Magazine Products & Services Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Company A - Z Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Projects Industry Projects Projects by Region Projects by Category Archived Projects Project Gallery Features Latest Features Features A - Z Contributors Videos White Papers News Latest Industry Updates Industry News Company Press Releases Events Advertise With Us Report Store Digital Magazine About Us Contact Us Industry Websites September's top stories: India-France €7.8bn Rafale deal, Missing Swiss Air Force's F/A-18C fighter jet found 5 October 2016 Srivari Aishwarya France and India have signed the long-awaited contract for the acquisition of 36 Rafale for the Indian Air Force (IAF), The Swiss Air Force's F/A-18C fighter jet that crashed near Susten in central Switzerland on 29 August has been found, Swiss defence authorities have confirmed.Airforce-technology.com wraps up the key headlines from September 2016. India and France sign €7.8bn deal for 36 Rafale fighter aircraft France and India signed the long-awaited contract for the acquisition of 36 Rafale for the Indian Air Force (IAF). The deal value has dropped to €7.8bn from the initial €12bn, The Indian Express reported. The Dassault Aviation-built multi-role jet fighter will be supplied as part of an intergovernmental agreement (IGA) signed by France and India in January this year. Missing Swiss Air Force's F/A-18C fighter jet found The Swiss Air Force's F/A-18C fighter jet that crashed near Susten in central Switzerland on 29 August has been found, Swiss defence authorities have confirmed. The aircraft went down as it was carrying out a training exercise with another jet, killing the pilot. The crash site was located by the military following search operations that were obstructed by bad weather conditions. USAF test fires unarmed Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile The US Air Force (USAF) successfully conducted the test launch of an unarmed Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) equipped with a test re-entry vehicle. The Boeing-built land-based nuclear deterrent was test fired from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California by a team of Air Force Global Strike Command Airmen from the 341st Missile Wing. The testing was aimed at validating the operational credibility of the ICBM system. Spanish Air Force's first A400M conducts maiden flight The Spanish Air Force's first A400M four-engine turboprop military transport aircraft successfully completed its maiden flight. Designated the MSN44, the airlifter took off from Seville in Spain on 5 September and landed back after a three hour and 45 minute flight. The Airbus Defence and Space-built aircraft was captained by the company's test pilot Nacho Lombo. UK RAF completes landing trials of A400M transport aircraft The UK Royal Air Force's (RAF) new A400M four-engine turboprop military transport aircraft successfully completed soft surface landing tests. The two week-long landing trials were conducted at former RAF Woodbridge. These trials witnessed the Airbus-built A400M Atlas landing on a pre-prepared dirt surface, which was artificially softened by 23 Parachute Engineer Regiment for the task. US and Russia reach deal on Syrian ceasefire, UN pledges support The US and Russia announced a plan for cessation of hostilities in Syria, which is scheduled to take effect today at sundown. The announcement follows a meeting between US Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. State-run al-Ikhbariya TV reported that the Syrian regime announced its support of the ceasefire deal. US precision airstrike kills top ISIS leader in Syria US Pentagon Press Secretary Peter Cook confirmed that a US precision airstrike has killed senior ISIS leader, Abu Muhammad al-Adnani, in Syria. The airstrike, which was carried out on 30 August near Al Bab, Syria, targeted al-Adnani who is ISIS's chief propagandist, recruiter and architect of external terrorist operations. The confirmation follows after Russia claimed that one of its Su-34 bombers had killed him last month. India test-fires Barak-8 surface-to-air ballistic missile India test-fired a Barak-8 surface-to-air ballistic missile from a test range at Chandipur, off the coast of Odisha state. The latest testing comes on the heels of two test firings of Barak-8 on 30 June and 1 July this year, DD News reported. During the trial on 20 September, the medium-range missile was successfully launched from a mobile launcher at the integrated test range (ITR). Japan scrambles fighter jets after China flies aircraft near disputed islands The Japanese Air Self-Defense Force reportedly scrambled its fighter jets on 25 September, after eight Chinese military aircraft flew near islands in the East China Sea. The Chinese fighters and bombers flew between Okinawa’s main island and Miyako-jima island near Taiwan in a show of force, according to media sources. The flights follow after Japanese Defense Minister Tomomi Inada recently said in a speech at the Center for Strategic and International Studies that the Japanese ‘Maritime Self-Defense Force plans to hold joint training cruises with the US Navy’. UK MoD orders BriteCloud missile decoys from Leonardo-Finmeccanica The UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) placed an order with Leonardo-Finmeccanica to deliver mini-missile decoys for the Royal Air Force (RAF). Under the £2.5m contract, Leonardo will provide BriteCloud system, which can be fired from an aircraft’s flare dispenser without the need for modification to the aircraft. Using radar emissions and missile-confusing advanced electronics, the miniature decoy will be able to disrupt systems within radar-guided air-to-air and surface-to-air missiles. Related Content Follow Us:   Images Rafale A400M ISIS BriteCloud Follow Us: Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links Newsletter sign up Online magazine sign up www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2016 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad PRESS DIGEST - RUSSIA - Oct 10 By Reuters Published: 03:47 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 03:47 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail MOSCOW, Oct 10 (Reuters) - The following are some stories in Russia's newspapers on Monday. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. VEDOMOSTI www.vedomosti.ru - Russia's Rusagrotrans and Azerbaijan Railways have set up a joint venture to make grain shipments to Iran and possibly to Turkey. - The government will spend up to 200 billion roubles ($3.21 billion) to commission Russia's alternative to Airbus and Boeing - a medium rage passenger MC-21 plane built by Irkut plane maker in Siberia. - State-run monopoly Russian Railways plans to invest up to 57 billion roubles ($916.02 million) to modernize 400 km (250 miles) of the Trans-Siberian mainline, according company officials. KOMMERSANT www.kommersant.ru - State officials are awaiting a government reshuffle, discussing a possible movement of Rosneft chief Igor Sechin to the cabinet, the daily says. IZVESTIA www.izvestia.ru - Russia is in talks with Egypt on ways to restore an air force base in Sidi Barrani about 95 km (60 miles) east of the border with Libya. - Russia could expand a free economic zone in Crimea and Sevastopol, according to a draft bill approved by the government last week. NEZAVISIMAYA GAZETA www.ng.ru - Russia's central election commission is unlikely to cancel the results of the Sept. 18 parliament election despite vote violation complaints filed by some former candidates, the daily writes. - Russia has started testing an A-60 aircraft which is capable of carrying lazer weapons on board, the daily reports. - Belarus has threatened Russia it can turn to Iran for crude oil supplies if Moscow cuts gas deliveries due to Minsk's debts for the fuel. ROSSIISKAYA GAZETA www.rg.ru - Besides Cuba and Vietnam, Russia could try and expand its military presence to Venezuela, Nicaragua, the Seychelles, Singapore and some other countries, the daily weites citing military officials. ($1 = 62.2255 roubles) (Reporting by Tatiana Ustinova) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Juneyao Considers Adding Bigger Planes for Overseas Routes Bloomberg News October 10, 2016 — 1:31 AM EDT Updated on October 10, 2016 — 9:17 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Chinese carrier hasn’t decided on Airbus or Boeing aircraft Juneyao to join Star Alliance’s Connecting Partner Model Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Juneyao Airlines Co., which currently only flies narrow-body jets built by Airbus Group SE, is considering buying 10 wide-body aircraft by 2020 to expand international routes. The planes could come from Airbus or Boeing Co., Juneyao Chairman Wang Junjin said Monday. The Chinese carrier hasn’t placed any orders, Wang said at a briefing in Shanghai on its plans to join a partnership under the Star Alliance network. Asian airlines have placed aircraft orders worth tens of billions of dollars as the region is expected to become the world’s leading travel market, driven by economic growth, according to a Boeing prediction. Shanghai-based Juneyao reached a deal Monday to take part in the Star Alliance’s Connecting Partner Model, an arrangement that expands the alliance’s reach through low-cost airlines while increasing the Chinese carrier’s access to destinations outside its home market. Juneyao is interested in models such as Boeing’s 787 and the A350 from Airbus and will make a decision as early as this year, Wang said. The carrier won’t consider Airbus’s double-decker A380, given its cost and lower fuel efficiency, he said. Juneyao, which started out as a budget carrier in 2006, has expanded its services beyond low fares to include free baggage allowances. The airline will begin as a Connecting Partner in the second quarter of 2017, Wang said. Route Connectivity The Star Alliance, whose biggest members include United Continental Holdings Inc., Deutsche Lufthansa AG and Singapore Airlines Ltd., announced the Connecting Partner Model in December and named South African budget carrier Mango as its first participant. Carriers joining the partnership won’t become a member of the Star Alliance itself. The tie-up allows those traveling on a flight of a Star Alliance member to connect to a route on a partner airline and enjoy the same alliance benefits. Asian budget airlines are grouping in the face of increased competition after numerous low-cost carriers were established in the past five years as rising incomes and discounted fares lured first-time travelers in the region. Singapore Airlines’ Tigerair and Scoot are part of the Value Alliance announced in May, after four Chinese airlines affiliated with HNA Group formed the U-FLY Alliance in January and subsequently added South Korean budget airline Eastar Jet. The Asian budget-carrier alliances have so far excluded the region’s biggest low-cost airlines including Malaysia’s AirAsia Bhd., India’s IndiGo and China’s Spring Airlines Co. — With assistance by Feng Cai Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Airbus Group SE Junjin Wang Star Alliance Markets Boeing Co/The Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 10:18 P.M. ET Updated Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 10:01 P.M. ET Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 9:50 P.M. ET Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 8:44 P.M. ET Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 8:29 P.M. ET Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 8:16 P.M. ET ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 7:49 P.M. ET May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 7:40 P.M. ET Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 7:36 P.M. ET Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years 6:53 P.M. ET EU vows to work with Trump administration while standing firm on key issues 6:41 P.M. ET Facebook stops allowing ads to target specific ethnic groups 6:28 P.M. ET Updated Pro-Russian presidential candidates win in Bulgaria, Moldova 5:55 P.M. ET Experts forecast rising GDP, inflation and risks 5:52 P.M. ET VW, Audi confirm probe into Audi emissions 5:09 P.M. ET Blockbuster deals would make AMC No. 1 theater chain in world 5:00 P.M. ET Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 4:54 P.M. ET Paul Ryan likely to remain House Speaker 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Trump names RNC head Reince Priebus as chief of staff 2:15 P.M. ET My mother-in-law is being bled dry by her incarcerated brother 1:15 P.M. ET The Secret to Successful Mole Catching Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Machinery/Industrial Goods Alcoa to release last earnings before it splits up By John W. Miller Published: Oct 10, 2016 1:47 a.m. ET Share By JohnW. Miller When Alcoa Inc. presents its last quarterly earnings report as a single company on Tuesday, investors will still be wondering how the iconic aluminum maker's bet to split in two will pay off. Klaus Kleinfeld, who has led the company since 2008, is separating the company's beleaguered raw aluminum operation on Nov. 1 in a bid to increase the combined value of the spinoff, which will keep the Alcoa name, and the parent firm, which will become Arconic. The latter will house the company's fast-growing businesses supplying the aerospace and automotive markets. Alcoa's raw aluminum enterprise, which it pioneered in 19th century Pittsburgh, has been rocked this decade by an aluminum glut generated largely by China. That oversupply has caused prices on the London Metal Exchange to fall to around $1,600 a ton, down from around $2,500 a ton five years ago. In 2015, the company reported a net loss of $121 million, compared with a net profit of $268 million in 2014. After a reverse stock split, Alcoa's stock price is now just above $30 per share, less than a third of its adjusted value at the start of 2008, the year Mr. Kleinfeld took over as chief executive. In a news release touting the split, Mr. Kleinfeld, who will be CEO of Arconic, said he and his colleagues were "launching two leading-edge companies, each with distinct and compelling opportunities, and each ready to seize the future." Analysts say they'll be studying the third quarter release for more detail about how the companies will be carved up. The company is putting out its release on a Tuesday morning, instead of the customary Monday afternoon, because of Columbus Day. The split should force the mining and smelting divisions to run more efficient operations because they will no longer be allowed to hide behind profits in other units, say analysts. However, the spinoff also creates extra work that will eat away at time and money. "For example, you might need more people to manage procurement across two companies," says Andrew Lane, an analyst with Morningstar, Inc. So far, says Mr. Lane, "we see the split as value neutral." The case made for Arconic is based on the massive boom in global aerospace, driven by the rapid growth of low-cost airlines and the emergence of more efficient aircraft. Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co. together have a $1.6 trillion backlog of more than 12,500 jet orders, with many models sold out for several years. These planes will require a steady stream of fasteners, screws and other parts, made out of high-tech alloys that do things like repel lightning. The engineering to make these high-tech widgets will be the cornerstone of Arconic's game. Already, Alcoa has invested billions in research and in buying companies like U.K. jet-engine parts maker Firth Rixson Ltd. and Pittsburgh-based RTI International Metals Inc. Those investments are paying off. In the second quarter, sales in Alcoa's engineered products and solutions business increased to $1.5 billion from $1.3 billion in the same quarter a year ago. By comparison, sales in the smelting division fell to $1.6 billion from $2.1 billion. In total, the aerospace-related businesses have signed around $15 billion worth of supply deals with companies including Boeing, Airbus, and Lockheed Martin Corp. Arconic will also take over a lucrative business selling sheet aluminum to Ford Motor Co. for its F-150 pickup truck. However, other auto makers have yet to make similar high-profile announcements of converting their vehicles full-bore to the lighter aluminum. Meanwhile, to cope with weak prices, Alcoa has been closing high-cost smelters in the U.S. The new Alcoa will be a global company reliant on smelting aluminum in places where energy is cheap, like Canada, Iceland and Saudi Arabia. Global markets, however, still face years of headwinds, mainly because of China's supply glut. At a trade hearing in Washington last month, a senior Chinese aluminum official said China would "certainly build more" aluminum factories to keep pace with its own demand. Chinese aluminum exports, which Mr. Kleinfeld has called a "major driver" of lower prices, last year increased 5.3% to $23.8 billion. Write to John W. Miller at john.miller@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Coal-mining boss: ‘Tesla is a fraud’ Donald Trump, of course, ‘won’ the presidential debate Samsung to Temporarily Halt Galaxy Note 7 Production MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
    Home About Antiwar.com Donate Blog US Casualties Contact Latest News The Saudis, Hillary, and the Destruction of Yemen US support enables mass murder by Justin Raimondo, October 10, 2016 Print This | Share This The Saudi bombing of a funeral in Saana, Yemen, killed about 200 – we don’t yet know the exact number – and wounded over 500. No one believes the denials of the Saudis: clearly this event was targeted for special treatment. They didn’t just bomb it once: they came back again to rain death and destruction on the mourners. And these weren’t just any mourners: it was the funeral of the father of the Houthi Interior Minister, Jalal al-Rowaishan, with many government officials present. The dead included the Mayor of Sanaa: we don’t yet know if the Interior Minister survived. No one wants to talk about this war. Up until now, the US has kept an embarrassed silence, for the most part: in response to this latest atrocity, the National Security Council issued a terse statement with all the requisite buzzwords – “deeply concerned,” “troubling,” “not a blank check,” even while reiterating the indefensible US rationale for funding, assisting, and enabling what is quite simply mass murder of civilians: “Even as we assist Saudi Arabia regarding the defense of their territorial integrity …” The very idea that Yemen – what is arguably the poorest country on the face of the earth – is a threat to the Kingdom’s “territorial integrity” is a grotesque joke. I’ve covered the historical roots of the ongoing rebellion in Yemen – see here, here and here – but in brief: the Saudi invasion of Yemen is quite simply a proxy war on behalf of the US that has devolved into Saudi expansionism. Indeed, one could make the case that it is much more so than the Russian re-annexation of Crimea – which, after all, has been a Russian domain since the days of Catherine the Great. Yemen has never been a part of the Saudi kingdom: it is an ancient land, whose roots as an independent entity precede the birth of Christ. While the Syrian civil war has been the subject of much debate, the war in Yemen has received almost no attention. Donald Trump has mentioned it only in passing, and Hillary Clinton hasn’t said a single word about it – with good reason. The reason is because, during her reign at the State Department, she and her staff collaborated with the Saudis to create a military machine that is now mowing down Yemeni civilians by the thousands. It was Christmas eve, 2011, and the employees at Hillary’s Foggy Bottom were celebrating. Were they celebrating the Christian holiday? Hell no! They were overjoyed by the “good news” – as Jake Sullivan, Hillary’s deputy chief of staff put it in the heading of an email – that the Saudis’ Prince Salman (now the Saudi king, then the chief negotiator for the Saudi side) had signed on to a $29.4 billion arms deal with Boeing. Included in the sale: more than 80 F-15 fighter jets, which are now slaughtering ambulance drivers, children, and any others in war-torn Yemen who happen to be within range. “Not a bad Christmas present” remarked one top official in an email chain made public by a Freedom of Information Act request. Hillary was on the receiving end of all of this. The gift-giving was hardly one-sided, however. The Saudis had already given an estimated minimum of $10 million to the Clinton Foundation. And, as David Sirota and Andrew Perez pointed out in the International Business Times, “Just two months before the deal was finalized, Boeing – the defense contractor that manufactures one of the fighter jets the Saudis were especially keen to acquire, the F-15 –  contributed $900,000 to the Clinton Foundation, according to a company press release.” As the Saudis prepared their campaign of aggression, the Clinton State Department made arming the regime a “top priority.” And as Hillary prepared her presidential run, a Boeing lobbyist, Tim Keating – a former aide to husband Bill – hosted a “Ready for Hillary” fundraising gala. Wheels within wheels within wheels, all turning and churning to produce death and destruction for those on the bottom, and enormous wealth and power for those on the top. As the great songwriter and singer Buffy Saint-Marie put it in some of her most haunting lyrics: “Merry Christmas Jingle Bells Christ is born and the devil’s in hell hearts they shrink Pockets swell Everybody know and nobody tell Little Wheels spin and spin Big wheels turn around and around.” The big wheels – the Clintons and their friends – send the little wheels spinning into oblivion, and the people of Yemen are just one part of the larger story. The Clinton State Department’s obscene “Christmas present” is just one chapter in the continuing saga of how our corrupt elites lord it over not only us but the whole world, grinding all underfoot while they celebrate their wealth and vaunted wisdom. The game is not only rigged, as Trump points out – it’s murderous. NOTES IN THE MARGIN You can check out my Twitter feed by going here. But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud. I’ve written a couple of books, which you might want to peruse. Here is the link for buying the second edition of my 1993 book, Reclaiming the American Right: The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement, with an Introduction by Prof. George W. Carey, a Foreword by Patrick J. Buchanan, and critical essays by Scott Richert and David Gordon (ISI Books, 2008). You can buy An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard (Prometheus Books, 2000), my biography of the great libertarian thinker, here. Read more by Justin Raimondo Why Trump Won: The Foreign Policy Factor – November 10th, 2016 Trump’s Revolution – November 8th, 2016 Bringing Down the Globalist Monster – November 6th, 2016 Will President Trump Free Julian Assange? – November 3rd, 2016 How Hillary Clinton Poisoned American Politics – November 1st, 2016 Print This | Share This Click here to hide comments Pingback: MurraySabrin.com » The horrors of war in Yemen() MvGuy Ted Gaylin Carpenter has a.piece at.common dreemz on how we, the U.S.A. should drop our support for the Phillipens.. But WTF…. WHY NOT THE SAUDIS.. Seems they like how we bombed multiple weddings I guess to add to he genocidal flavor of their action and intent… Unlike the mayhem in Phillipeans where its the locals doing the killing with ???… In Yemen its the Ssudis killing nen, women.and children with OUR BOMBS…. IN OUR PLANES… The best part ??????? We are also “giving them targeting information”. So I guess that this is a great opportunity for Hillary and Obama to bomb more weddings with the co-ordinates WE supply to the Saudis… Hard to make this stuff up…. Maybe yhere is something in Washington water that is.far more toxic than the lead in Flint water… Look how the “0” .went from an ostensibly peace candidate to a genocidal madman… Put him up with the other black genocidal maniaks CondoLIsa Rice and Colon Bowell… Why would anyone believe a single utterance they belched out…. Ricardo Cabeza Hillary never lost one minute of sleepin’ Worryin’ ’bout the way things might have been Big wheel keep on turnin’ Proud Military keep on bombin’ Rollin’, rollin’, rollin’ on to Armageddon Mikhailovich Syrian war is a proxy war against Russia and therefore it is, of course, much more important. After five years of “Assad must go”, America just can’t go away with the tail between the legs; it would not be helpful for the prestige of the only superpower. Kremlin knows it and prepare for the fight. And Yemen is just a sad story for the time being. musings2 Given the lucrative nature of the deals with entities like the Saudis, I find it hard to believe the other candidate would pass them up , should he ever take office. It would have seemed a slam dunk had Trump zeroed in on the corruption of the Clinton Foundation rather than sought to deflect questions about his own admission of sexual assault by reminding us of Bill Clinton’s history. Tit for tat is ultimately so petty. I cannot vote for him at this point, and one of the reasons is that he lacks both self-control and the ability to home in on the present problems that really do need correction. He wastes his energy on matters which his base endlessly blogs about, while overlooking real problems about which even Democrats would sit up and be at pains to defend, if they even knew these things were out there. Old and tired and cliched was the theme of the second debate. It served the candidates but hardly those they are pretending to want to serve. survivor I agree. This man Donald is very ignorant and not too bright. What a choice we have. andrewp111 Saudi airstrikes kill a lot of people, but the facts on the ground have not changed. Stalemate is wasting time the Saudis do not have. The Saudis need to step it up and win the war, before the Iranians get serious enough to bring in Russian firepower on their side, as the Russians did in Syria. richardvajs I wish that Justin would go more into just why the Saudis are bombing Yemen – do they feel threatened? We never hear of any Yemeni attack upon Saudi Arabia. They must have a reason — even if it is as lame as, “we have to fight them because they hate our freedoms”. And I would guess that we keep the UN from asking any embarrassing questions too. Lastly, has our country become so craven as to allow civilian slaughter for another buck in the Clinton’s pocketbook? No wonder that all the talk is on pee-pees – it is the Clintonian level of discourse that they are comfortable with. bob balkas Are we a subrace of the shemitic race or is it the other way around? Whatever, the shemitic race in arabia is quite darker than the white race. This is, i suggest, one factor in white race’s disinterest in what happens to the very dark and even less dark shemites; such as palestinians in todays palestein, syrians, lebanese….. Fear not, no war against russia or russians in syria. And of course not, because chicken hawks do not want to wage war against russia or russians, but because they are chicken hawks. They are nothing like the real hawks; such as mccain, kerry, clintonova, geronimo…. But a war between russia and america might thin down white pop from one billion, to say, just 50mn; so, lets go and wage it finally! Thomas L. Knapp Since there’s no such thing as “the white race,” pretty much any statement you can make about this or that race being lighter, darker, heavier, lighter, etc. is incontestable. bob balkas Ok, let’s avoid saying that say, italians, danes are of white race. Let’s just call them italians and danes; which i think care a lot more about belgians than yemenis. Thomas L. Knapp “Italian” and “Dane” are descriptions of political nationality. There are a number of races. “White” isn’t one of them. Neither is “black.” That particular terminology was drummed up in the 17th century, covering a number of European racial groups (e.g. Slavic and Nordic), to justify chattel enslavement of members of “black” African racial groups (e.g. Bantu and Khoisan). comrade hermit Geronimo was a freedom fighter. I hardly feel he deserves to be lumped in with the likes of Kerry and Clintonova. Just saying. bob balkas True, geronimo defended his people. He was a different kind of warrior than kerry, but he was a fighter/soldier just like kerry, mccain,,, But i can see now that i should not have put geronimo in the category of american fighters. longlance USA is the Evil Empire. How long can the world endure its rapacity & aggression? Pingback: The Saudis, Hillary, and the Destruction of Yemen() Pingback: Saúdové, Hillary a zničení Jemenu – Messin() survivor Unfortunately, Trump is too stupid to bring these points up against Clinton where last night he had the golden opportunity to do so and just went off tangent as always because again Trump isn’t so bright. TellTheTruth-2 Exactly .. I was screaming at the TV .. just tell them the US is in Syria illegally and we’re committing war crimes there. Thane_Eichenauer I don’t think that 95% of Americans would find that US war involvement in Syria would be illegal. I also imagine that 99.99% of US judges would find some way to OK that activity. TellTheTruth-2 Sad; but, true … the average American is so dumbed down by the MSM they don’t have a chance. Most people no longer realize a FREE PRESS is supposed to protect us from corrupt Government, not to assist the corruption like they do today. RMS145 Trump isn’t ment to win, he is just a straw opposition candidate to make it easier to install H. Clinton. Nothing will stop her from being president, it’s a done deal – the Media wants her, Wall Street wants her, and the Defence Industry want her. richardvajs RMS145, You’ve named only half of the Clinton team ….there are the Zionists, the WAL-MARTS, Big Pharma, etc. It is just like in high school when some nerd ran against a cheerleader for Class President and all of the “popular” kids attacked him. She will win – but, OH what a disaster she will be. RMS145 That she will be a danger to the world, goes without saying, but at the moment I do not see a indication that the other candidates will be able to beat her. Thane_Eichenauer Can Raimondo’s points be effectively argued on TV? I rather think that would be difficult. ThorsteinVeblen2012 I would like to ask Hillary Clinton what lesson was learned from Vietnam. It would be her Aleppo moment. comrade hermit Their is one thin silver lining to this cloud of death over the Arabian Peninsula. The Saudis cant win. The mountains of Northern Yemen might as well be the jungles of Vietnam. Just like the US in that Indochinese bloodbath, the Saudis cant take on their own Vietcong, the Houthis, nose to nose so they’re putting their focus on slaughtering civilians instead. This tactic is heart-wrenchingly grotesque but it failed for a reason. You can’t kill an entire nation and you cant win hearts and minds by blowing them to bits. The Saudis have no place to go but down and we’re following them into that rabbit hole. TellTheTruth-2 Hillary and her ilk belong in prison for live .. murdering bastards. Anna I am not a Saudi apologist by any stretch. However, Justin avoids some very pertinent details. The Houthis, who are backed by Iran, started this. They pulled a coup d’état against the elected leader of Yemen back in February 2015, and proceeded to take over key cities (Aden), with the goal of controlling the entire northern tier of the country, right at Saudi’s door. There have been ongoing UN negotiations, from which the Houthis have walked away each and every time. They want a separate state. Saudi’s fear is two fold: the reach of Iran (which Sec of St John Kerry acknowledged in this war) and the fact that AQAP (Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula) is very much alive and kicking there. Saudi is many things we don’t like, but they are under attack or proxy-attack from all sides. (ISIS has targeted them as well). Again–just some additional perspective comrade hermit Wrong, wrong,wrong. Lets see if I can make this as simple as possible to understand. 1. The Houthis are not backed by Iran. There isn’t a single solitary shred of proof to support this theory. 2. There was no coup d’etat. It was a popular rebellion lead by the Houthis against an American and Saudi backed dictator who was “elected” in a sick joke with only one candidate to choose from. 3. The Houthis already have control of the northern tier of Yemen and have for decades. This region has never been governable by any of the Saudi/US proxies. 4. The Houthis want a democratic republic and the Saudis have refused any peace deals where the Houthis retain any position of power. 5. Mr. Kerry is a notorious liar and war criminal who blames Iran and Russia for everything including his bad breath and basset hound eyes. 6. If the Saudis were really so concerned with AQAP and ISIS then they wouldn’t be arming them. Perspective is swell but only when it’s supported by facts not MSM/Pentagon propaganda. Anna I am afraid you are “wrong wrong wrong” 1. There are more than “shreds” of evidence that the Houthis are backed by Iran. John Kerry has said so publicly, and the State Department has also confirmed the same in its reports. Kerry might be a “notorious liar” as it is convenient for you to assert in order to established your (inaccurate) point, but that cannot hold as an argument. In addition, Jane’s (UK) has confirmed the Iranian backing of the Houthis as has…Iran itself. 2. There was a coup, plain and simple, and there was a house arrest. 3. The Houthis have not had control of the northern tier “for decades”. They have been dispersed. They did try to infiltrate Saudi in 2009, from where they had established bases in the north. 4. The Houthis do not want a “democratic republic” they want power. 5. The Saudis are not arming AQAP and they are not arming ISIS. Tossing out accusations like this is meaningless unless you have verifiable proof. No way would a country that is getting so pounded by ISIS and, in past years, AQ, bring that upon themselves. comrade hermit “Tossing out accusations like this is meaningless unless you have verifiable proof.” Good point. You first. Appleseed “They pulled a coup d’état against the elected leader of Yemen back in February 2015” That’s exactly what happened in Ukraine…and the neocons/US government didn’t have a problem with that. In fact, they raced to embrace the illegal coup there. geo1671 pure gibberish perspectives! Rhs Per The Saudi government & army are clearing committing evil. They have learnt well from their masters. The masters must be pleased. SEAN THOMAS OMG! This is priceless. https://audioboom.com/boos/5141596-redeemer-nation-bows-to-russia-china-michael-vlahos-johns-hopkins-jhuworldcrisis?t=0 One of the imperial city’s professional bloviators is apoplectic that the American people aren’t willing to kill and die in large enough numbers to keep him gainfully employed tossing around adjectives in between his martinis. AlanMacDonald Yes, the wheels on the EMPIRE train go round and round. Round and round. The wheels of the EMPIRE go round and round. And nobody mentions the effin’ EMPIRE. JMMorgan Justin, very well put, thank you. The U.S. war party is totally morally bankrupt. Pingback: Yemen: Come see the paradise() Advertise on Antiwar.com Why Trump Won: The Foreign Policy Factor Trump’s Revolution Bringing Down the Globalist Monster Will President Trump Free Julian Assange? How Hillary Clinton Poisoned American Politics Full archives Justin Raimondo is the editorial director of Antiwar.com, and a senior fellow at the Randolph Bourne Institute. He is a contributing editor at The American Conservative, and writes a monthly column for Chronicles. He is the author of Reclaiming the American Right: The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement [Center for Libertarian Studies, 1993; Intercollegiate Studies Institute, 2000], and An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard [Prometheus Books, 2000]. Search Antiwar.com Copyright © Antiwar.com 2016 Highlights Breaking News
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Yorkshire Post Search More Close ] News Opinion Politics Crime Health Education Transport Environment Analysis Showbiz Campaigns National Obituaries News Politics Crime Health Education Transport Environment Analysis Showbiz Campaigns National Obituaries Sport Football Rugby League Rugby Union Cricket Sports Talk Athletics Basketball Boxing Cycling Equestrian F1 & Motor Sport Golf Horse Racing Ice Hockey Olympics Snooker Squash Tennis Other Sports Business Markets Business Talk Retail Commercial Property SMEs Commentary Lifestyle Homes Fashion Personal Finance Gardening Health & Wellbeing Gadgets & Tech Walks & Cycling Books Travel Motoring Our Yorkshire People Heritage Discover Yorkshire Your Yorkshire What's On Hull 2017 Arts Theatre Cinema Dining Out Comedy Exhibitions Music Country Life Rural News Farming Country Style Country Pursuits Equestrian Future Yorkshire Northern Powerhouse Technology Research Investment Retail Our Region West Yorkshire and The Dales South Yorkshire North Yorkshire, Moors and Coast East Yorkshire Barnsley Beverley Bradford Doncaster Driffield Halifax Huddersfield Hull Leeds Rotherham Scarborough Sheffield The Wolds Wakefield Whitby York Norman Pickavance: Steel City could show the way to a brighter Britain Sheffield was a bellwether of the wider national mood in the EU referendum; now other cities could learn from its spirit of collaboration. 03:02 Monday 10 October 2016 0 Have your say The British are not known for revolution. We are usually slow to take to the barricades, far too measured for all the fuss. That was until June this year, when we voted to leave the European Union; to go it alone and set off without a clear plan. But what next? People have had their say through the referendum; quite rightly, they now expect their voice to be heard as we shape the nation’s economic future. The vote to leave highlighted a disengagement, disenchantment and disconnection that had been ignored for too long. As we look to the future, reconnection will be critical: giving people a greater level of ownership over the places where they live and work. To do this, we have to act locally – from Yorkshire to Westminster. Cities will be the drivers of future prosperity, but they cannot thrive as merely functional centres. They must be vibrant communities, ones where people’s needs and ambitions come to the fore. If we want to build the “strong and vibrant economy” Chancellor Philip Hammond spoke about, we need to work at a city level and to start with the places that are getting it right. Take Sheffield. Whereas Manchester, Liverpool and Leeds voted Remain, Sheffield voted Out in almost exactly the same proportions as the whole nation, so can be seen as a bellwether of the wider national mood. It might not be widely known, but Sheffield has led the world to growth before and is doing so again. The site of the ‘Battle of Orgreave’ is now home to the Advanced Manufacturing Park, where Boeing and Rolls-Royce are developing pioneering technologies with global impact. If you’re looking for solid symbols of the potential for Britain to be resurgent – this one’s hard to beat. The coming together of universities, industry, local authorities and entrepreneurs is now seeing a steady and intelligent development of all kinds of physical and cultural assets that Sheffield owns. Look at Lady Canning’s plantation, the first ever crowd funded mountain bike trail in England where local people led and local authorities followed. Look then at the Grade II Head Post office where an empty piece of Victorian architecture has been restored to life, not just to house Hallam University’s Institute of Fine Arts, but also with fine public spaces and with porters drawn from the ranks of retired postal workers to maintain a real sense of continuity. Look at Sheffield’s micro breweries, which emerged a decade and more before the craft beer revival across the rest of the country and have become – as Professor Vanessa Toulmin at the University of Sheffield, says – the “cultural glue that holds the city together”. In one collaboration after another, the city is getting lots of things right. And critically, it all fits with Sheffield’s spirit of craft and making, the virtues of its location and the physical assets of its history – that makes the city more distinctive. So what does this amount to? Neil Burchenall, who co-founded Sheffield Digital, points to his recent personal experience of a Damascene moment – a buzz in the city centre on a Thursday night that hadn’t been there in the two decades before. A buzz? Is that all we get for all that effort, energy and money? But ‘a buzz’ is no trivial return, if you know that vibrancy is your goal. Another key aspect of a successful city and vibrant economy is inclusion; closing the gap between the ‘haves’ and ‘have nots’. Bringing together the incredible diversity of economic, social and artistic talent that exists is central to the goal of making Sheffield a truly vibrant place. And if a city is an ecosystem, then the gravity within that system is trust. Trust enables everything. It drives collaboration and it speeds progress. Right now, Sheffield is looking at where to site the HS2 station, to redevelop a key city quarter, build a new tramlink, win the right to host the Great Exhibition of the North and maybe become one of three cities in the world, where Elon Musk builds his revolutionary Hyperloop transportation system. It cannot do any of those things quickly or effectively unless people trust each other. Trust is the key to growth. Trust requires consensus, not domination or the silencing of alternative views. Sheffield understands this better than most cities. So here we are at a moment where there are a variety of routes forward. We need to find a British way that is practical, true to itself, a bit modest but genuinely innovative – a bit like Sheffield. Sheffield was once globally admired as a hub for innovation – and it could be again, with the right collective endeavour. As part of Grant Thornton’s Vibrant Economy agenda, we recently brought together over 200 of the city’s public and private sector leaders to discuss how Sheffield can forge a future as a capital for innovation. The engagement that has followed from that event showed that there is a desire from people to be involved in shaping their city’s future. We will be repeating the exercise in cities across the country. There is a debate beginning, not just about how we manage the realities of Brexit, but how we maximise the potential of our cities and communities. History will record that it was the latter that really mattered. Norman Pickavance is Partner at Grant Thornton, championing the Vibrant Economy agenda and former policy adviser. Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Yorkshire Post means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Yorkshire Post You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Yorkshire Post Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink Our Yorkshire What's On Country Life Future Yorkshire More from The Yorkshire Post Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Dating Digital Archive Directory Holidays Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Place your ads Subscribe Advertising © 2016 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
36.0°, FAIR FORECAST LOGIN SUBSCRIBE PITTSFIELD, MASS. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2016 Toggle navigation Main menu News Local news National news World news Community news Education Police logs Calendar New England Lotteries Daniel Pearl Scholarship Sports Local sports Red Sox Yankees Patriots Giants Celtics Bruins Business Business news Real estate news Entertainment The 413 Berkshires Week Berkshires Week calendar Theater reviews Movie reviews The Ultimate Dining Guide Horoscopes TV listings Lifestyles Insights Berkshire lifestyles Health Food & recipes Outdoors Best of the Berkshires Announcements Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Columnists Blogs Obituaries Today's obituaries View all Publications Special sections Book of Homes Berkshire Business News Marketplace Jobs Classifieds Top listings Place an ad Legal Notices Tools e-Edition Contact us Subscriber services Newspapers in Education RSS How Obama brought capitalism to outer space Posted Wednesday, October 12, 2016 3:26 am By Christian Davenport (c) 2016, The Washington Post In 2010, nearly 50 years after John Kennedy called for the United States to send a man to the moon, President Barack Obama went to the Kennedy Space Center, to set a new course. Under George W. Bush, the agency had been working on another lunar mission. But now, with Buzz Aldrin sitting in the audience, Obama had a blunt message about those plans: "We've been there before. Buzz has been there. There's a lot more space to explore, and a lot more to learn when we do." Instead of going to the moon, he declared, the U.S. would go to Mars. Now, six years after that speech, as he nears the end of his presidency, Obama is bookending his charge by doubling down on NASA's plan to get to Mars. In an op-ed published by CNN Tuesday morning ahead of the White House frontiers Conference in Pittsburgh, he reiterated his administration's goal of "sending humans to Mars by the 2030s and returning them safely to Earth, with the ultimate ambition to one day remain there for an extended time." But while Mars remains years, if not decades away, Obama's true legacy may be something altogether different: the standing up of a commercial space industry that has ended the government's monopoly on space. When the space shuttle was retired in 2011, NASA looked to the commercial sector to fly its astronauts and cargo to the International Space Station, fertilizing the industry with billions of dollars in contracts. And in the past few years, the industry has begun to blossom, reinvigorating interest in space with dramatic landings of rockets on ships with other, unprecedented feats. "Just five years ago, U.S. companies were shut out of the global commercial launch market," Obama wrote. "Today, thanks to groundwork laid by the men and women of NASA, they own more than a third of it." Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic and Jeffrey P. Bezos' Blue Origin promise suborbital tourist flights within a couple of years. (Bezos owns The Washington Post.) SpaceX and Boeing are working toward flying astronauts to the space station. Bigelow Aerospace is building inflatable habitats that could ultimately succeed the station. In fact, one of the habitats is currently attached to the station. "It will become one of the great ironies in the history of exploration into space that someone many politicians called a socialist was a champion for the possibilities of capitalism in space," said James Muncy, a space policy analyst at PolySpace, a consulting firm. While the high-profile billionaires get the most attention, there are many companies pushing the frontiers. Sierra Nevada Corp., another of NASA's beneficiaries, just announced that it had signed a deal with the United Nations to fly its first-ever space mission. Earlier this year, Moon Express, which is vying for the $20 million Lunar XPrize, received permission to send a robotic lander on the moon, the first commercial company to get such approval from the U.S. government. There is still no self-sustaining economy to keep commercial space companies alive, many of which would wither without the support of NASA or the billionaires that are funding them with their own money. And the two companies that have the contracts to restore human space travel from U.S. soil both have suffered setbacks and delays. Boeing recently confirmed an Aviation Week report that because of technical issues with its Starliner spacecraft it was pushing back flights six months and hopes to fly by the end of 2018. SpaceX, the other company NASA is relying on to fly its astronauts, had its Falcon 9 rocket blow up last month and still doesn't know exactly why. NASA's own vehicles, the Space Launch System rocket and Orion spacecraft, have had their own troubles. The Government Accountability Office recently warned that the $23 billion program faces additional potential cost overruns and schedule delays. NASA has always relied on its contractors, and Obama conceded that government cannot do it alone: "Getting to Mars will require continued cooperation between government and private innovators," he wrote. Print Email Tweet TALK TO US If you'd like to leave a comment (or a tip or a question) about this story with the editors, please email us. We also welcome letters to the editor for publication; you can do that by filling out our letters form and submitting it to the newsroom. Other items that may interest you Filling empty bowls Addressing primary care shortage Gun discharged unsafely in Brattleboro Marlboro School gets creative for class trip fundraising Local news Pittsfield firefighters start fundraising early this year for local scholarships for teens in need PITTSFIELD - City firefighters have moved up their annual fundraiser to help college-bound teenagers and the less fortunate within the community. Starting Tuesday and for the next 6 to 8 weeks, the Pittsfield Firefighters Association Local 2647 … Can towns like Lee, Lenox and Stockbridge 'preserve what we have were' while sharing services? Stockbridge getting the signal: Work moves forward on cell tower and solar project Dash for the dress: Brides-to-be hunt for their dream gowns at one-day sale in Pittsfield New chief in West Stockbridge a local face Read more Sports Emma Jourdain, Lenox girls win Western Mass. Division II cross-country race Mount Greylock boys win Western Mass. Division II cross-country race for seventh consecutive title Williams men's and women's cross-country both finish second at New England's Williams women's soccer defeats Wentworth, advances to NCAA Division III Round of 16 Wahconah girls soccer eliminated from Western Mass. D-III final by Granby Read more Trending Hundreds turn out to protest Trump in Williamstown Eagle pulls 'Herman' comic strip Pittsfield and North Adams mayors reject Trump's rhetoric Chicopee man accused of supplying heroin in Adams Taconic football captures Western Mass. Division III crown © , The Berkshire Eagle Contact us Terms of use Privacy policy Powered by Creative Circle Media Solutions
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Samsung will stop making the Galaxy Note 7 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 was supposed to be the top of its smartphone line, but the devices have been plagued by battery fires. (Shawn L. Minter/AP) By Hayley Tsukayama October 11 Follow @htsuka Samsung said Tuesday that it would discontinue production of its highest-end smartphone, an unprecedented move for the company and one that could reorder the global market for mobile devices. The Galaxy Note 7 was supposed to be the crown jewel of the smartphone lineup for Samsung, which once garnered little respect in the clubby world of Silicon Valley but is now the primary rival to Apple. Samsung’s ascendancy has been celebrated by those who wanted a high-quality alternative to the iPhone and held up in Korea as evidence of the country’s arrival as tech power. But Samsung’s failure to manufacture phones that do not explode in purses or catch on fire on flights may be catastrophic for the company’s brand, many technology analysts said. Samsung’s shares fell 7.5 percent in Tuesday trading in Seoul, wiping out $17 billion of the company’s value. Some analysts said the company, in its race to release a new phone ahead of Apple, simply rushed. The Note 7’s battery was one of its best selling points — more powerful than that of the iPhone 7 Plus and capable of charging the phone nearly to full power in 30 minutes. Apple had endured criticism for not bringing such innovations to the iPhone. But its caution now looks wise, said John Cui, an assistant professor at Georgetown’s McDonough School of Business. Samsung has stopped production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone after a series of explosions in the original and replacement models surfaced. (Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post) “Had this just stopped at replacement units, Samsung would have walked out of this,” added Ramon Llamas, an analyst at the tech market research firm IDC. “The fact that it didn’t work out again? Now we’ll be suspicious.” The damage isn’t likely to be contained to the Galaxy Note model, which had a large 5.7-inch screen and cost $800. The government has also issued a warning about exploding Samsung washing machines, though the problems with those appliances are not related to a battery. [First it was phones. Now it’s exploding Samsung washing machines.] A recent survey from the brand-analysis firm Branding Brand found that 34 percent of current Samsung customers said they wouldn’t buy another smartphone from the company — in a poll taken before news surfaced of the replacement phones also catching on fire. The Note 7 fires also call to mind other incidents involving lithium-ion batteries, which increasingly power most personal devices and cutting-edge technologies, such as electric cars, mobile gadgets and children’s toys. Unexpected explosions forced U.S. retailers to pull popular children’s scooters called hoverboards this year. Boeing had to ground its super-advanced 787 Dreamliner jets because of lithium-ion battery fires in 2013. The supply chains that build the batteries in smartphones and other electronics are notoriously complex and opaque. Companies such as Samsung and Apple buy batteries from several makers, which source the battery parts from different firms across the globe. [Tracing the path from deadly mines in Congo to batteries for phones and laptops] Samsung, the largest battery-maker in the world, last year bought smartphone batteries from its own Samsung SDI division as well as from Maxwell, Amperex Technology Limited, Panasonic and Lishen, according to Avicenne Energy, a consulting firm. But Samsung was unusually dependent on Samsung SDI for about 75 percent of its batteries. By contrast, Apple has bought iPhone batteries from five companies, none of which supply more than a third of its batteries. That enables Apple to nimbly switch manufacturers if a problem surfaces. Samsung’s missteps are likely to help Apple, which offers the only other premium large-screen smartphone that is well-recognized by consumers. The new iPhone 7 Plus sold out within a day, just as reports of exploding Note 7s emerged. In general, large-screen phones generate more profits for manufacturers than smaller ones. [I played around with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus; here’s what it was like] Other analysts said Samsung’s problems might be an even more important development for Android makers, many of which have struggled to make a dent against Apple and Samsung. Google, in particular, stands to gain, analysts said. The tech giant recently introduced its own line of high-end phones, called the Pixel, which could appeal to the anti-iPhone crowd. “The Pixel phone could be a beneficiary here” since it shares many traits with the Note 7, said Brian Blau, vice president of technology research firm Gartner. [Google’s ‘hardware’ push is still really about its software] Samsung’s crisis may be cushioned because carriers already have agreed to promote its other phones for the crucial holiday season. But over the long term, the debacle may set back its relationship with its customers, who had to wade through shifting warnings from the company. At first Samsung was slow to offer replacements. Only after U.S. officials, as well as airlines and subway systems, began to warn passengers to turn off their Galaxy Note 7s did the company offer an official recall. And as of Tuesday, Samsung had not extended that recall to include the replacement Note 7 phones sold after Sept. 15, even though several of those devices have reportedly caught fire. The company has only asked owners of the replacements to stop using those models. The mixed messages have frustrated U.S. officials. In a speech last month, Consumer Product Safety Commission Chairman Elliot Kaye criticized Samsung for trying to handle the problem without coordinating with his agency and for putting customers at risk. “I would say that’s uncommon,” said Kaitlin Wowak, an assistant professor of business at Notre Dame. “It’s important for companies dealing with recalls to have whatever relevant organization — the FDA, NHTSA, the CPSC — get behind them.” Todd Frankel contributed to this report. business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 2 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 3 How a Trump presidency will affect 15 industries 4 Researchers have found a surprisingly powerful effect of sleeping more 5 Why these rural, white, gun-owning guys didn’t vote for Trump Market Watch DJIA 0.21% NASDAQ 0.54% Get quote Last Update: 11/14/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post





Old Cars Weekly RegisterLog In Search Navigate Home Events Car Auction Calendar Car Show Calendar Cruise Calendar Iola Car Show Articles News Q&A Restoration Auction News Car Show News Museum News Car Blogs Cars Car of the Week Features Mystery Photos Reader Rides Lambrecht Collection Tree Huggers Resources Old Cars Express – Free Digital Issues Auto Club Directory Auto Museum Directory Car Show Signs Values Old Cars Report Auction Sold Prices Price Guides Restoration Resources Podcasts Online Seminars Links Subscribe 2016 Iola Car Show Combo Offer Old Cars Weekly Old Cars Report Price Guide Price Guide Win Classifieds Shop ATTENTION IOLA OLD CAR SHOW ATTENDEES! Enter your e-mail address to receive a FREE muscle car download, cool wallpapers, and informative newsletters from OCW and partners. * Valspar Automotive offering up custom rides at SEMA By: Mike Eppinger | October 11, 2016 MINNEAPOLIS _ Tony Lanesky of Anton’s Hot Rod Shop of Cleveland, Ohio, will showcase a 1950 Studebaker dragster as well as another vehicle to be unveiled by Valspar Automotive at the show. Both vehicles by Anton’s Hot Rod Shop are finished in Valspar Automotive finishes and repaired with products from U.S. Chemical & Plastics. Located in Hiram, southeast of downtown Cleveland, Anton’s Hot Rod Shop is known for hot rods with over-the-top fabrication and engine builds. The SEMA-bound 1950 Studebaker is owned by Anton Lanesky and his wife Shannon. “I always wanted a ’50s Studebaker and when a friend had one and couldn’t finish it and offered it up to me, I jumped at the opportunity,” he says. Today that friend’s Studebaker is a tribute to the “Memphis Belle” — known as the Boeing B-17F “Flying Fortress” during World War II. One for the history books, the Memphis Belle was one of the first heavy bombers to complete 25 consecutive combat missions and return to base with crew intact. “One day, it was on the rotisserie and it just looked like an airplane, and I thought how cool is that,” he says. In fact, Studebaker made engines for many of Boeing’s airplanes during World War II and promoted models made during that era alongside heavy bombers. “The 4-panel rear window is exactly what you would find on an airplane from that time,” says Lanesky. Rounding out the Valspar Automotive booth vehicles are: a 1978 Pontiac Trans Am by The Custom Shop in Flanagan, Ill. and a custom trike from Counts Kustoms and History’s “Counting Cars” TV series Three additional vehicles will represent Valspar Automotive and its brands in various locations on the grounds outside of the Las Vegas Convention Center: a 1958 Plymouth Belvedere by The Custom Shop; a 1967 Ford Mustang by Brandon Knowles of Brand-X-Customs in Everett, Wash.; and a 1947 Ford pickup by Vescio Customizing & Restoration in Minneapolis. CATEGORIES Car Show News, Car Shows, Old Car News TAGS Matrix Automotive Finishes line, Old Cars Weekly, Prospray Finishes, SEMA Show 2016, Valspar Automotive RELATED POSTS COMMENT Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Old Cars Express FREE Digital Issue Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us | Advertise | Old Cars Report | RSS | Privacy Old Cars Report Price Guide | Military Vehicles | Antique Trader | Car Collector Books Krause Book Store | Collect.com | F+W Media, Inc. | Career Opportunities © F+W All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1.00/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives TripAdvisor: The 22 most spectacular places in the world Actors under 30 whose careers are taking off Houston woman accused of letting tigers roam house with teen Rock and Roll Hall of Fame member dies at 74 Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Houston & Texas News Houston Texas Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Education K-12 Zone Blog School Report Card 2014 Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Lt. Gov. Patrick's mother dies at 90 Houston woman accused of letting tigers roam house with teenage Amber Alert issued for missing Texas 7-year-old Motorcyclist killed after thrown 45 feet in south Houston crash US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos 'Possessed' salad dressing causes over $2,000 worth of damage in Facebook glitch accidentally killed off users How World War I's bloodiest battlefields look 100 years later Firefighter bitten by a decapitated rattlesnake's severed head Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI UH quarterback Kyle Postma will miss rest of season with broken Texans defense shows resilience in containing Blake Bortles, Sumlin, Texas A&M dread the month of November Dak Prescott, Cowboys highlight NFL memes in Week 10 Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Kenneth Cole allegedly planning to close almost all stores Business calendar Shipley Do-Nuts celebrates 80 years of business in Houston Port Bureau names Longoria its 2017 Maritime Person of the Year A&E Preview Preview Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Hundreds gather to light the sky with lanterns at Baytown's Royal Leon Russell, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame member, dies at 74 Dave Chappelle is the perfect host for the first 'Saturday Night Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Forget Canada, Air New Zealand is offering election-sick 30 unbelievably good Thanksgiving appetizer recipes McDonald's introduces a new 'burger,' Nutella lovers rejoice Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/news/science-environment/article/Obama-hopes-Americans-won-t-just-visit-Mars-but-9962861.php President Obama hopes Americans won't just visit Mars, but stay Fernando Ramirez Published 3:25 pm, Tuesday, October 11, 2016 Nearly every person on Earth shares a sense of wonder when looking to the stars, and the President of the United States is one of them. On Tuesday, President Barack Obama released an opinion piece on CNN where he talked about the "next chapter of America's story in space," creating the American Martian.  "One of my earliest memories is sitting on my grandfather's shoulders, waving a flag as our astronauts returned to Hawaii," Obama said. "I still have the same sense of wonder about our space program that I did as a child." READ MORE: Here's Elon Musk's complete, sweeping vision on colonizing Mars to save humanity Since the beginning of his administration, Obama and NASA have carefully laid the groundwork for what Elon Musk calls the creation of a "multiplanet species." In a 2010 address to the Kennedy Space Center, Obama promoted the idea of a manned mission to Mars by 2030, saying he would "expect to be around to see it." Now, he's doubled down on his six-year-old promise. "We have set a clear goal vital to the next chapter of America's story in space: sending humans to Mars by the 2030s and returning them safely to Earth, with the ultimate ambition to one day remain there for an extended time," Obama said. READ MORE: Congress is getting ready to regulate space travel Photo: (Neil Scheibelhut/Universi­ty Of Hawaii At Manoa Via AP) Image 1of/13 Caption Close Image 1 of 13 In a CNN opinion piece released on Tuesday, President Obama dreamed of a future where American astronauts would not just visit, but stay on the red planet. Click through the gallery to see pictures of Wadi Rum, a desert used by Hollywood to imitate Mars. less In a CNN opinion piece released on Tuesday, President Obama dreamed of a future where American astronauts would not just visit, but stay on the red planet. Click through the gallery to see pictures of Wadi Rum, ... more Photo: (Neil Scheibelhut/Universi­ty Of Hawaii At Manoa Via AP) Image 2 of 13 Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Photo: Adam Pretty/Getty Images Image 3 of 13 Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Photo: Adam Pretty/Getty Images Image 4 of 13 Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Photo: Jeremy Horner Image 5 of 13 Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Photo: Adam Pretty/Getty Images Image 6 of 13 Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Photo: JTB Photo/UIG Via Getty Images Image 7 of 13 Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Photo: Adam Pretty/Getty Images Image 8 of 13 Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Photo: Adam Pretty/Getty Images Image 9 of 13 Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Photo: Adam Pretty/Getty Images Image 10 of 13 Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Photo: Adam Pretty/Getty Images Image 11 of 13 Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Photo: Adam Pretty/Getty Images Image 12 of 13 Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Wadi Rum, a desert area in Jordan where Hollywood filmed the 2015 Oscar-winning film "The Martian." Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images Image 13 of 13 President Obama hopes Americans won't just visit Mars, but stay 1 / 13 Back to Gallery The president also touched upon the efforts by private space companies, whose work now represents more than a third of the commercial launch market. "More than 1,000 companies across nearly all 50 states are working on private space initiatives," Obama said. "Getting to Mars will require continued cooperation between government and private innovators, and we're already well on our way. Within the next two years, private companies will for the first time send astronauts to the International Space Station." For yearning dreamers like Obama, old enough to fondly remember the moon landing but wanting more, and for those too young to catch the previous generation's accomplishments in real-time - Mars is the answer, and Obama's words make the journey to the red planet seem right around the corner. READ MORE: Boeing says it will beat SpaceX to Mars "Someday, I hope to hoist my own grandchildren onto my shoulders," Obama said. "We'll still look to the stars in wonder, as humans have since the beginning of time. But instead of eagerly awaiting the return of our intrepid explorers, we'll know that because of the choices we make now, they've gone to space not just to visit, but to stay -- and in doing so, to make our lives better here on Earth." Click through the gallery above to see what life on Mars might look like according to Hollywood. Latest News Video Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Clearance Cell Phones at Walmart: Up to 67% off + free... WalmartPosted 10 hr 21 min ago SHOP NOW Men's Faux-Fish Heel Costume Shoes for $46 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 10 hr 2 min ago SHOP NOW Refurb Vizio 50" 1080p LED LCD Smart TV for $290 + free shipping WalmartPosted 3 hr 43 min ago SHOP NOW 60 Servings of MuscleTech Hydroxycut Elite for $20 + $6 s&h Bodybuilding.comPosted 9 hr 31 min ago The Lead Lt. Gov. Patrick's mother dies at 90 Canada? Meh. But, there's a deal to go to New Zealand Hope & change: Breakout star of Trump campaign South Texas man, 78, settles stun gun traffic stop Trump names his White House chief of staff Houston's hottest new restaurants and what's next Hundreds of lanterns released during Houston fest Trump aims to deport 3 million 'criminal’ immigrants Successful real-estate firm built around grisly crimes Most Read 1 2 couples involved in sex video blackmail case met at church 2 Houston mom under investigation after kicking out her son, 7,... 3 JCPenny might have gone a little too far with its Black Friday... 4 Battleship Texas closed until further notice 5 Kenneth Cole allegedly planning to close almost all stores 6 Walmart's Black Friday 2016 Doorbuster ad circular released 7 Hillary Clinton's lead in popular vote could grow to more than... 8 Two years later, Disney Wonder returns to Galveston Port 9 Best of Black Friday deals released from Walmart, Target,... 10 Missing Baytown teen was stabbed to death View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
14/11/2016 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Live X World news 13/11/2016 Casualties confirmed in New Zealand earthquake Point of view "We urge people to continue to be cautious" John Key New Zealand Prime Minister World news 13/11/2016 Pro-Russia candidate wins Bulgaria's presidential run-off Point of view ""Being pro-European does not mean being anti-Russian"" Rumen Radev Bulgarian president-elect World news 13/11/2016 Mosul civilians tell of ISIL attacks as Iraqi forces advance Point of view "ISIL started to attack people. Some of them were injured. One of my neighbours was killed, shot in the stomach" Ahmed Mohammed Mosul resident World news 13/11/2016 A survivor of the Bataclan bloodshed remembers Point of view "I saw blood, dead people around me, I'm next" Emmanuel Domenach Bataclan survivor World news 12/11/2016 UK-EU rift widens as Boris Johnson snubs meeting on Trump Point of view "We do not see the need for an additional meeting on Sunday because the US election timetable is long established" UK Foreign Office spokesman World news 12/11/2016 A year on: Paris terror attack survivors tell their stories Point of view "It's a year of rebuilding, I'm still right in it. You know for us there is no anniversary date" Gregory Reibenberg Paris attacks survivor World news 11/11/2016 Sales up but growth slows on China's "Singles Day" Point of view "On Singles Day, we see the huge potential of China's consumer market."" Jack Ma Alibaba Chairman World news 11/11/2016 US fears spike in post-election attacks on minorities Point of view "It is the inevitable result of the mainstreaming of Islamophobia" Ibrahim Hooper CAIR spokesman BREAKING NEWS Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Home > News > World news > President Obama plots a course to Mars and back by the 2030s Now Reading: President Obama plots a course to Mars and back by the 2030s world news 11/10/2016 President Obama plots a course to Mars and back by the 2030s Today's Top Stories world news 11/13/2016 Casualties confirmed in New Zealand earthquake world news 11/13/2016 Pro-Russia candidate wins Bulgaria's presidential run-off world news 11/13/2016 Balloons released in memory of Paris terror attack victims Advertisement Aa Aa Flashback: one year ago world news 11/14/2015 Mourners gather at Le Petit Cambodge in Paris world news 11/14/2015 Exclusive: no city is safe from ISIS threat, says UAE minister world news 11/14/2015 TGV: at least ten die as train plunges into canal world news 11/14/2015 Syria peace talks: Paris attacks put pressure on leaders to find solution world news 11/14/2015 IOC condemns Paris attacks, says "we are all French" Editor's choice world news 11/12/2016 'We will not forget them' - Sting headlines as Paris' Bataclan reopens insiders 11/10/2016 Climate change is good news for England's wine industry Sci-tech 11/10/2016 World biggest space telescope is ready last updated: 11/10/2016 Chris Cummins ALL VIEWS Tap to find out US President Barack Obama has revealed that the United States is working in partnership with private companies to send and expedition to Mars and back by the 2030s. Obama Wants Humans on Mars by 2030's https://t.co/OIlZWopcGE pic.twitter.com/PUgLsAzf2N— Voice of America (@VOANews) October 11, 2016 ‘‘We are working with our commercial partners to build new habitats that can sustain and transport astronauts on long-duration missions in deep space. These missions will teach us how humans can live far from Earth,something we’ll need for the long journey to Mars,” he wrote in a new Op-Ed for CNN. As the president expressed his fascination for space exploration the joint European Space Agency/Roscosmos “ExoMars“https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ExoMars mission arrives at the Red planet at the weekend, before sending the Schiaparelli lander down to the surface of the planet. More on how #MarsExpress will provide critical support to ESA_EDM</a>&#39;s entry, descent & landing <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/exomars?src=hash">#exomars</a> next week <a href="https://t.co/tlJnQNKNWt">https://t.co/tlJnQNKNWt</a> <a href="https://t.co/9EjwAPs4bQ">pic.twitter.com/9EjwAPs4bQ</a></p>&mdash; ESA Operations (esaoperations) October 10, 2016 Fast Descent! ExoMars' Module Will Land In Under 6 Minutes | Video https://t.co/Gjz40nJXnl pic.twitter.com/KVGZ6HGzti— SPACE.com (@SPACEdotcom) October 6, 2016 The new space race is hotting up with Boeing claiming the first person to step on Mars will be transported in a Boeing rocket. .NASA</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/LockheedMartin">LockheedMartin Boeing</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/ulalaunch">ulalaunch OrbitalATK</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/AerojetRdyne">AerojetRdyne making rocket to #JourneyToMars #Senditwayup 🚀🌎 pic.twitter.com/uv3LsZzjIL— Jerry Rengel 🚀 (@SpaceRengel) August 5, 2016 ALL VIEWS Tap to find out Share this article: More about: Human spaceflight Space exploration Barack Obama NASA Space mission All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Mars la "nouvelle frontière", selon Barack Obama See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Obamas Traum: Menschen auf dem Mars vor 2030 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Obama: "entro il 2030 umani su Marte" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español Estados Unidos se lanza a la conquista de Marte See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Obama quer humanos em Marte a partir de 2030 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe ABD Mars'a 2030 itibariyle insan gönderecek See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Барак Обама: США відправлять людей на Марс через 15-25 років See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский США планируют к 2030 годам отправить человека на Марс See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية أوباما يقرر إرسال دفعة جديدة من رواد الفضاء لاستكشاف المريخ See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی اوباما: تا سال ۲۰۳۰ انسان به مریخ می فرستیم See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Επανδρωμένη αποστολή στον Άρη μέχρι το 2030 θα στείλουν οι ΗΠΑ See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Obama: a 2030-as években embert küldünk a Marsra See translation Auto-Translated All views This article × World news 11/10/2016 President Obama plots a course to Mars and back by the 2030s Point of view "We are working with our commercial partners to build new habitats that can sustain and transport astronauts on long-duration missions in deep space" Barack Obama US President Advertisement Next Article world news 11/10/2016 Afghan women imprisoned in elder's homes Today's Top Stories world news 11/13/2016 Casualties confirmed in New Zealand earthquake world news 11/13/2016 Pro-Russia candidate wins Bulgaria's presidential run-off world news 11/13/2016 Balloons released in memory of Paris terror attack victims Browse today's tags Paris Attacks Earthquake Protest Paris New Zealand Death USA François Hollande Natural catastrophe Civil society Italy South Korea Park Geun-hye Terrorism Iraq Civilians Art Venice Bulgarian politics Presidential election Basketball ISIL Donald Trump Tourism Athletics ISIS War Bulgaria Demonstration Mexico Verticals News European Affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Programs Adventures Aid Zone Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Corporate About Euronews Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2016 News World news Business Sport European Affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
RSS Home   Advertise   Classifieds   About   Contact North County Outlook - Community newspaper serving Marysville, Arlington, Tulalip, Smokey Point, Lakewood Reader Comments (0)  Print   Home News Communities Health Our Best Friends Schools Sports Arts & Leisure Between the Covers Emily's Wellness Wisdom Health Home & Garden Positive Parenting Safety First Secrets of the Tulalip Chefs Senior Daze The Whistling Gardener Business Opinion Being Frank Building Bridges Guest Editorials Letters to the Editor Rants and Raves Talk of the Town Obituaries Publications Directory Advertise By Christopher Andersson  Gov. Inslee visits WSP crime lab   October 12, 2016 | Vol. 9 No. 50 | View PDF Christopher Andersson State officials talk about the Marysville Crime Lab and their increasing efficiency with DNA testing times on Oct. 6. From left,Washington State Patrol Chief John Batiste, Marysville Crime Lab forensic scientist Kristina Hoffman, Washington Gov. Jay Inslee and Washington Results acting director Rich Roesler. By searching for efficiencies and better ways of doing business the Marysville Crime Lab was able to handle a record number of cases in 2015. The Washington State Patrol forensic laboratory in Tulalip implemented some "Lean management" methods which have been pushed by Washington Gov. Jay Inslee as a way to improve government efficiency. Inslee visited the lab on Oct. 6 to talk about the successes of the program. Since the implementation of Lean, the average turnaround for DNA testing went from 88 days to 70 days, a 20 percent reduction. In addition, staff overtime dropped 56 percent, reducing payroll costs for the lab. Snohomish County Sheriff Ty Trenary said that local families have benefited directly from the results. "We had the opportunity to work very closely with the crime lab after the landslide in Oso and the work that they did was unbelievable. Being able to get results back as quickly as the lab did, especially for families waiting for an answer, was amazing," he said. Giving the families much faster investigatory results is important on an emotional level, said Inslee. "It sounds somewhat dry, but when we were working with the families in Oso, this means so much emotionally to people, to have that closure and understanding," he said. Cases can move faster and suspects brought in sooner because of faster results as well. "It has a huge impact on public safety because you can really identify perpetrators that much sooner," said Kristina Hoffman, a forensic scientist from the Marysville lab. Lean training came from Inslee's Results Washington, an initiative that attempts to use evidence-based solutions to improve government. "We've learned [Lean] from the Boeing company, they used it to double production in Renton with their 737 plant, Virginia Mason has used it to improve health results and now we're using it," said Inslee. Hoffman herself brought many of the techniques from training back to the Marysville Crime Lab. "It's really figuring out what's valuable to the customer," she said. "What I liked is that you acted almost like this was a private business and these were your customers, and you went to your customers to figure out what they wanted," said Inslee. Hoffman said the lab went out and found what detectives they worked with wanted and worked toward those goals. Many of the improvements were simple office solutions that helped to improve efficiency. "We have all this high-tech equipment here, DNA analyzers and robots, but here you have a blackboard with sticky notes," said Inslee. Despite going through a record number of cases last year, the Marysville Crime Lab also saw a large increase in their workload. "We're also seeing the same increase in our customer demands, so it's going to be something we're always challenged with," said Hoffman. John Batiste, Washington State Patrol Chief, hopes to replicate the improvements across the state. "We're looking to spread this to our other labs as well so they can take advantage of the efficiencies in the workplace," he said. Rich Roesler, acting director of Results Washington, said that Lean management techniques have been effective in other areas of the government as well. "This is one example out of many that are happening around state government. We're talking about easier-to-use forms, faster refunds, a whole litany of things in terms of improving services and cutting down errors," he said. Batiste said that Washington State Patrol fleet shops that have adopted the methods are also improving. "From our fleet shop we've doubled the amount of cars we can turn out in a month," he said. Inslee hopes that these management techniques can improve all areas of the state government. "You're seeing the tip of the iceberg. What Kristina is showing us today is one of thousands of state employees who have had the training," he said. You might be interested in: Marysville firefighter sings national anthem at Seahawks game Communities form youth councils Paving begins on waterfront trail Arlington Fire extinguishes fire in industrial building; no injuries Kids learn about history at annual Pioneer Days   MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed 1. Gov. Inslee visits WSP crim... 2. Evening of Honor supports v... 3. M'ville considers waiving t... 4. MG spikers earn victory ove... 5. Woman battling breast cance... MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted Reader Comments (0) Add your comment     North County Outlook | P.O. Box 39, Marysville, WA 98270 Ph: (360) 659-1100 | sales@northcountyoutlook.com | www.northcountyoutlook.com Content and information copyright 2016 North County Outlook, Inc. Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2016 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap   Privacy   Terms of Use   Submit Content   Mobile Browser Rendered 10/11/2016 11:47

X ALL SECTIONS HOME BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Facebook Epaper SMS RSS HOME business Macroeconomics Stock tips Auto Property Minister hopeful that US will upgrade Thailand’s IPR status by PETCHANET PRATRUANGKRAI THE NATION Nov 13,2016 15:59 New US trade policy ‘could hit China’ by SUCHEERA PINIJPARAKARN THE NATION Nov 13,2016 17:24 Billions cancelled in advert spending after King’s death by WATCHIRANONT THONGTEP THE NATION Nov 11,2016 19:29 Boat services popular for foreign tourists visiting Grand Palace by THE NATION Nov 11,2016 19:43 Media by SCB Securities Sep 22,2016 15:36 Food by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:36 Workpoint Entertainment by Kasikorn Securities Sep 20,2016 18:43 CP All by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:39 Big injection seen as 1st-car scheme ends by THE NATION Oct 31,2016 19:01 Nissan appoints Barthes as president for Thailand by Oct 30,2016 18:34 SEVEN COMPANIES PICKED TO PRODUCE POWER OUT |OF INDUSTRIAL WASTE by Oct 30,2016 18:39 Nissan's Ghosn to head Mitsubishi Motors: report by Agence France-Presse Oct 19,2016 15:27 Flat growth for Greater Bangkok property market by SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION Nov 10,2016 18:19 Q4 launches postponed until next year by SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION Nov 10,2016 19:43 No property bubble in Ho Chi Minh City, says association by VIET NAM NEWS ASIA NEWS NETWORK HO CHI MINH Nov 10,2016 19:45 Residential market sees a slowdown by SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION Nov 03,2016 16:55 national politics ASEAN+ Asean Plus Where to go? life Eateries Tsunami warning follows powerful 7.8 magnitude quake in New Zealand by Agence France-Presse Nov 13,2016 20:16 Laos prohibits new banana plantations by Nov 13,2016 18:37 Molotov cocktail attack on Indonesia church hurts kids by Agence France-Presse Nov 13,2016 15:34 Satellite images show Myanmar Rohingya villages torched by Agence France-Presse Nov 13,2016 11:50 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 Island of the gods by Urisara Kowitdamrong The Nation South Korea Oct 25,2016 22:09 Bhutan sees a drop in tourist arrivals by Kuensel Asia News Network THIMPHU, Bhutan Sep 28,2016 17:24 Indonesia envisions Bali as gastronomy tourism destination by The Jakarta Post Asia News Network JAKARTA Sep 28,2016 13:39 Reflections on an Asian world by Huang Lijie The Straits Times Asia News Network Oct 28,2016 20:13 Music for His Majesty by Kitchana Lersakvanitchakul THE NATION Oct 28,2016 16:07 Apple introduces MacBook with touch screen functions by Deutsche Presse Agentur Oct 28,2016 07:52 Lotus cuisine, food for the soul by Hà Nguyen Vietnam News HANOI Sep 28,2016 17:32 ASEAN foods whet appetites at culinary festival by Korea Herald Asia News Network Nov 08,2016 09:35 Michelin names two 3-star eateries in first Seoul guide by Nov 07,2016 16:00 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 opinion Today's editorial Letters to editor George Soros casts new political shadow by The Nation Nov 13,2016 18:51 Trump must not be allowed to trample on climate deal by The Nation Nov 12,2016 20:22 Popular elections and danger of opinion polls by The Nation Nov 11,2016 18:15 Let’s see how Trump handles the real world by The Nation Nov 10,2016 17:33 Sympathy for US media  by Nov 13,2016 18:26 US gun control moves should start at charter by Nov 13,2016 18:28 Letter from the Twilight Zone by Nov 13,2016 18:30 British PM reacted in calm fashion, unlike some by Nov 13,2016 18:48 life Arts & culture Music Box office Eat in / eat out Gods, breasts and Britney by Becky Davis Agence France-Presse Beijing Nov 11,2016 19:34 The laugh that lasts by Pawit Mahasarinand Special to The Nation Nov 11,2016 20:24 Patriotic art wins UOB prize by The Nation Nov 11,2016 20:57 Saving Ayutthaya, brick by brick by Manote Tripathi Special to the Nation Nov 11,2016 21:13 Bieber tops MTV Europe awards, as Beyonce snubbed by Agence France-Presse Nov 07,2016 09:18 Four Stars are born Asia-wide contest by THE NATION Oct 20,2016 20:06 Bryan Adams and Blue Man show postponed by The Nation Oct 18,2016 13:13 Cool winds blow the rain away by SARUPONG SUTPRASERT SPECIAL TO THE NATION Oct 10,2016 20:27 In celebration of ‘Mexicanidad’ by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Nov 10,2016 14:38 The other face of Asean by The Nation Nov 10,2016 14:41 Odyssey into the UNKNOWN by The Nation Nov 03,2016 15:56 Flights of FANCY by DONSARON KOVITVANITCHA SPECIAL TO THE NATION Nov 03,2016 16:06 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 Curry with a healthy twist by THE NATION Aug 26,2016 16:41 Fabulous food, wonderful wines by Manta Klangboonkrong THE NATI Jul 06,2016 16:29 TECH travel Check in Around Thailand Getaways Travel news Bedding down in The Bund by Phoowadon Duangmee The Nation Shanghai, China Nov 01,2016 17:12 Basking in sea of opulence by PATCHAREE LUENGUTHAI SPECIAL TO THE NATION VIETNAM Oct 25,2016 21:58 Sun, sea and stunning views by Chusri Ngamprasert The Nation Sep 27,2016 23:24 Paws for thought by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG TH Sep 06,2016 21:48 Delicious dining in the air by THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:58 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 The Victory Monument was built to celebrate Thailand's victory, in 1941, in a war against which European nation? by Travel quiz Nov 01,2016 10:55 Here comes the sun by The Nation Oct 25,2016 21:50 Busy Days, Blissful Nights by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:49 Winter with a wow factor by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 01,2016 17:23 Bliss by the beach by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Oct 11,2016 20:35 Getting high in the low season by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE Sep 06,2016 22:03 Hue to reopen exhibit of Champa antiques by VIET NAM NEWS/asian news networks Nov 04,2016 11:31 TAT updates for the general public wishing to pay their respects to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 27,2016 16:19 THAI implemented a rescheduling/rerouting fee waiver by Thai Airways Oct 25,2016 10:39 Recommendations regarding Mourning Period for His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 21,2016 15:07 sports sunday Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Monday, November 14, 2016 TRAVEL The giant in THE SKY October 12, 2016 01:00 By Karamjit Kaur The Straits Times/Asia News Networks Singapore Airlines’ A380 move tells a lot about air travel trends Singapore Airlines made headlines worldwide when it announced recently that it would not renew the lease on its first Airbus A380 aircraft which turns 10 next year. I’ve reported on aviation long enough to know that when SIA moves, the world watches. In |this case, though, I do feel the whole thing was blown out of |proportion. To the layman, it would appear almost as if SIA’s decision to return the first plane spelt doom for the double-decker superjumbo. To put the matter in perspective, the airline has 19 A380s, the first five on leases that expire between October next year and mid-2018. SIA has not said so but it is not expected to renew the remaining four leases either; no big surprise for an airline that prides itself on operating a young fleet. Keeping older planes also means hefty maintenance bills when they have to go in for major checks, usually after 10 to 12 years in the air. Even as SIA is likely to retire the first few A380s when their leases expire, it does have another five on order. They start arriving in the second half of next year. Centre for Aviation analyst Brendan Sobie noted that it was always the airline’s intention for the new planes to replace the earlier ones, and not to grow the fleet. “This has always been and remains a sensible strategy and I’m amazed why this has led to such a hubbub,” he said. The fact is, SIA does not need a big fleet of A380s, which can each carry about 470 passengers. With cut-throat competition in the long-haul premium market, especially from Middle Eastern carriers, it is no secret that SIA has been losing market share and yields in this sector. For the group, the focus in the last few years has been on growth in the low-cost and Asian markets. That explains the aggressive expansion at regional arm SilkAir and budget unit Scoot-Tigerair. SIA has also put significant resources into Vistara, a New Delhi-based airline which it owns jointly with India’s Tata conglomerate. That is a sound strategy, given the fast-growing Indian air travel market. Given its current growth strategy, SIA has good reasons not to grow its A380 fleet. That does |not in itself mean the plane is inferior. It does, however, add to Airbus’ grief over an aircraft programme which has not delivered as expected. A decade after the world’s biggest passenger jet made its debut with pomp and pageantry in SIA’s colours, the stark reality is that the A380 has not proven as popular as its maker had hoped. Conceding waning interest, Airbus said in July that it would slash deliveries to just 12 A380s in 2018, or one plane a month. Last year, it achieved, for the first time, a break-even rate of 27 deliveries. In 10 years, Airbus, which had once forecast a 1,200-strong market for giant planes over two decades, has secured just 319 A380 orders, of which 194 have been delivered. Emirates alone has ordered more than 140. Other than the Dubai-based carrier, only Australia’s Qantas and SIA have purchased at least 20 of the planes. By comparison, the smaller and more efficient A350, which started flying commercially only in January last year, has 810 orders from 43 carriers, including SIA. The Singapore carrier, which received its first A350 earlier this year, ordered 67 of the planes, including seven of an ultra-long-range model that will be delivered in 2018 for use on non-stop services between Singapore and the United States. With the A380, one could argue that Airbus got it wrong from the start. With passenger traffic doubling every 15 years, |the European firm was and remains convinced that the |A380 is the only efficient solution to meet demand on the world’s most heavily travelled routes, especially at capacity-constrained airports. This is in stark contrast to the view held by its American rival, Boeing, which believes that the future lies less in growing traffic between major hubs and more in operating non-stop point-to-point flights to popular destinations. The whole idea is to bypass congested airport hubs. According to Boeing, industry data shows that the bulk of growth in air travel in recent years has been on the back of an increase in the number of new non-stop markets and airlines operating more frequent flights. Looking at the number of A350 orders and strong demand for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, it does seem Boeing was right. Endau Analytics founder Shukor Yusof goes as far as to say that the A380 should not even have been built. He is convinced that “it is no longer a question of if, but when, Airbus will shut the programme”. However, despite the dismal outlook for the A380 Airbus, which spent more than US$15 billion to design and build the aircraft – an investment it is unlikely to ever recover– refuses to give up. The plan is to continue to improve the efficiency of its industrial system so that it can break even at 20 aircraft next year, and to further lower that figure by cutting costs. “The A380 is here to stay!” Airbus’ president and chief executive Fabrice Bregier declared a couple of months back. The question is, for how long? Tags Singapore Airlines Airbus A380 AIRLINE airplane airbus Qantas Airways Most Viewed TODAY LAST 7 Days LAST 30 Days Zhenze ancient town: A living brush drawing... Zhengze ancient town, located at the Wuj... travel Nov 13,2016 10:09 Delicious dining in the air... Thai Smile Airways offers more than 50 s... travel Nov 09,2016 01:00 Busy Days, Blissful Nights... Thailand’s hotels welcome the high sea... travel Nov 09,2016 01:00 Zhenze ancient town: A living brush drawing... Zhengze ancient town, located at the Wuj... travel Nov 13,2016 10:09 Jewels in the Tehran crown... The enormous wealth of Iran’s former r... travel Nov 09,2016 01:00 The Grand Palace is closed until Thursday... The Tourism Authority of Thailand gives ... travel Oct 17,2016 03:26 TAT updates for the general public wishing to pay their respects to Hi... The Bureau of the Royal Household has an... travel Oct 27,2016 16:19 Recommendations regarding Mourning Period for His Majesty King Bhumibo... Thailand is now in an official period of... travel Oct 21,2016 15:07 Flying high to Hanoi... AirAsia increases its flight frequency o... travel Nov 01,2016 17:30 Here comes the sun... The Sunflower Festival around the provin... travel Oct 25,2016 21:50 Join with us Home BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Contact 1858/129 Floor 32 Bangna-Trat Road, Bangna, Bangkok 10260 Thailand. Tel 66-2-338-3000(Call Center), 66-2-338-3333, Fax 66-2-338-3334 call-center-department@nationgroup.com Advertise with us © Copyright 2015 by Nation Advertisement ×Close

Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics Science Entertainment Pictures Investigations Brexit More Telegraph News Barack Obama: US will partner with private companies to send humans to Mars by 2030s David Lawler, Washington 11 October 2016 • 6:20pm The United States will partner with private companies to send humans to Mars by the 2030s, President Barack Obama announced on Tuesday. Mr Obama said manned missions to Mars comprise the "next chapter of America's story in space". While the goal of the first missions will be to return astronauts from Mars to the Earth, he said, the "ultimate ambition" will be to have them remain on the Red Planet for an extended period of time. "Instead of eagerly awaiting the return of our intrepid explorers, we'll know that because of the choices we make now, they've gone to space not just to visit, but to stay -- and in doing so, to make our lives better here on Earth," he wrote in an article for CNN. The surface of Mars One of the primary challenges of sending humans to Mars is determining how to provide sufficient food and water for a months or years-long mission. Mr Obama said Nasa would work with private companies to, "build new habitats that can sustain and transport" astronauts for longer missions. He compared the mission to Mars with the effort to land humans on the moon, and said it would take a "giant leap" to reach the planet. The president did not specify which companies the US planned to partner with. Scientists exit Mars simulation after a year in isolation Play! 02:02 Elon Musk, the billionaire entrepreneur, has previously said his company SpaceX would send humans to Mars to eventually form a colony on the planet A new space race has begun in private industry over travel to Mars. Dennis Muilenburg, the CEO of Boeing, has vowed that the aerospace giant will beat SpaceX to Mars. “I’m convinced that the first person to step foot on Mars will arrive there riding on a Boeing rocket,” he said last week. SpaceX animation shows company's ambitions for Mars Play! 04:20 Blue Origin, a spaceflight company founded by Jeff Bezos, the billionaire Amazon founder, is also competing with SpaceX and may set its sights on Mars. Mr Obama said partnership with private companies would be required for the mission to succeed.  He said he hoped future space travel will inspire the next generations, in the same way the moon landing had inspired him. "One of my earliest memories is sitting on my grandfather's shoulders, waving a flag as our astronauts returned to Hawaii," he wrote. Mr Obama wrote that he hopes to one day lift his own grandchildren on his shoulders to look up at space and know that humans were there to stay. Follow Telegraph News READ MORE ABOUT: Space SpaceX Mars USA Barack Obama Show more News latest 14 Nov 2016, 4:00am Westworld episode 7 recap: Bernard conspiracy theorists finally get an answer 01:01 14 Nov 2016, 3:47am Live New Zealand earthquake: New tremor hits Christchurch after 7.8 magnitude quake killed two in Wellington 14 Nov 2016, 3:25am First woman to fly China's J-10 fighter killed in crash 14 Nov 2016, 2:55am Comment: If you love an animal, you set yourself up for heartbreak Jane Shilling Premium 14 Nov 2016, 12:39am Ivana Trump tells Donald to make her US Ambassador to Czech Republic  01:12 14 Nov 2016, 12:14am Donald Trump's first television interview: deporting illegal immigrants, building the wall and considering locking up Hillary Clinton  14 Nov 2016, 12:01am The Pity of War: the Loves and Lives of the War Poets: a poignant reminder of Wilfred Owen's reportage: review 4 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Theresa May says Donald's Trump's victory shows why Britain needs to control immigration 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Brexit Britain should lead the way by banning mass antibiotic use in agriculture, says top doctors 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Chocolate fans paying TWICE as much for small boxes, Which? warns  14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Sin taxes on alcohol and tobacco have cost the Treasury more than £31 billion, analysis finds 13 Nov 2016, 11:51pm Police animals do not need to be given same legal status as officers injured on duty, Government suggests 13 Nov 2016, 11:37pm Ministers accused of 'fiddling' with Army reservist figures to hit ambitious recruitment target 13 Nov 2016, 11:09pm Comment: Donald Trump and Nigel Farage - the picture that says it all about 2016 Tim Stanley Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:53pm Glenn Close's big comeback pays off with first West End theatre award at 69 13 Nov 2016, 10:47pm Comment: President Trump is not going to be the ogre some fear, but we need to mend fences – I can help with that  Nigel Farage Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:35pm Spaniard jailed for destroying Neolithic cave to make an animal shelter  13 Nov 2016, 10:26pm Ministers accused of 'fiddling figures' to hit ambitious Army Reserve target 13 Nov 2016, 10:24pm Donald Trump picks establishment favourite Reince Priebus as his chief of staff - but Steve Bannon will be his 'equal' as chief strategist 13 Nov 2016, 10:00pm Comment: The Unlikely Lads: The picture that defines 2016 Tim Stanley Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:00pm 'Secret' plans to close A&E departments could put lives at  risk, leading doctors warn If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Science October 11, 2016 11:48 am Updated: October 11, 2016 11:58 am U.S. to send people to Mars by 2030s: Barack Obama By Nicole Mortillaro ; President Barack Obama has vowed to get humans to Mars. NASA/JPL-Caltech What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Americans may not be returning to the moon, but they will head to Mars very soon, U.S. President Barack Obama said in a special op-ed for CNN. “We have set a clear goal vital to the next chapter of America’s story in space: sending humans to Mars by the 2030s and returning them safely to Earth, with the ultimate ambition to one day remain there for an extended time,” Obama said. READ MORE: From the moon to Mars—Why is it taking us so long? His assertion comes more than a week after SpaceX founder and CEO Elon Musk revealed his company’s bold vision to get humans to the red planet. Musk’s plan — which involved a “colonial fleet” — would take humans to Mars by 2025, years sooner than NASA has outlined. However, in releasing his plans, Musk acknowledged that funding had to also come from government and other sectors. WATCH: Elon Musk lays out his plans for Mars project The advancement of the private sector in the bid to colonize Mars is something Obama addressed as well. “Getting to Mars will require continued co-operation between government and private innovators, and we’re already well on our way. Within the next two years, private companies will for the first time send astronauts to the International Space Station,” he said referring to the contracts NASA has with SpaceX and Boeing. Obama also revealed that the government is working with commercial partners on building new habitats that will be used to take astronauts on long-duration trips in space. READ MORE: WATCH—Elon Musk reveals bold plans to colonize Mars The biggest challenge to getting humans beyond low-Earth orbit, such as on the International Space Station, is the effects it has on our health and bodies. Once humans leave the protective layers of Earth’s magnetic field, we are exposed to cosmic radiation. Neither Musk, nor Obama addressed this in their plans. However, in an attempt to better understand the effects of long-duration spaceflight, NASA conducted the One-Year Mission aboard the space station where astronaut Scott Kelly spent one year in space. Take Our Poll Follow @NebulousNikki Related China’s Tiangong-1 space station to crash to Earth in 2017 Animation shows the expected arrival trajectory of the ESA’s Mars Lander Leonardo DiCaprio going to Mars? Actor says he’s taking Elon Musk trip © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Barack Obama going to mars Mars NASA Space Race Space Travel U.S. space program Editor's Picks Politics Why some are blaming Facebook for Donald Trump’s presidential win Politics Remembrance Day 2016: Are the Liberals living up to their promises to veterans? Politics US Presidential Election 2016: How will America heal from the nasty, violent race for president? Canada Reality check: Will new foreign ownership rules make flights in Canada cheaper? Consumer When is the best time to buy a plane ticket? Canada Donald Trump campaign blasts Canada’s ‘socialized’ health care: here’s what you need to know Politics Fact check: Can US voters really change their early ballots like Donald Trump suggested? Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Bikers stop to help stranded biker, find out it is Bruce Springsteen 223713 Donald Trump may force Canada to reconsider defence spending: Former Trudeau advisor 88478 Kate McKinnon's Hillary Clinton sings Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL 46612 Donald Trump says he's a 'very sober' person, tells supporters harassing others to 'stop it' 34991 'Supermoon' bringing closest full moon to earth in almost 70 years 27194 Sponsored content Popular Videos Chris Rock makes SNL cameo to mock white liberals shocked by Trump win WATCH NOW Dave Chappelle wishes Trump luck, he’s willing to give him a chance WATCH NOW Donald Trump tells supporters harassing minorities to ‘stop it!’ WATCH NOW Mexico opens market to all Canada’s beef products WATCH NOW Saskatchewan Amber Alert ends with missing girl found dead WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
null
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Innovation NASA Mystery robotic space plane spends 500 days in orbit and still nobody knows why The US military's X-37B space craft continues to confuse us all with its top-secret mission. By James Billington October 11, 2016 17:29 BST The US Air Force's secret X-37b space plane clocks 500 days in orbit and is the forth of its kind, but its purpose remains a mysteryReuters Is it a plane? Is it a satellite? Is it a space weapon? All we know is it's a mysterious robotic space craft that's just clocked 500 days in orbit yet people are still none the wiser as to what it's for. Launched by the US military on 20 May 2015, the unmanned X-37B plane has been circling the Earth on a top-secret mission with no details on when it'll come back to land. Part of the Air Force's orbital programme, the OTV-4 (which stands for Orbital Test Vehicle-4) is the fourth craft of its kind to stay in space for reasons unknown to those outside the hush-hush military project. The programme has been grabbing the attention of curious folk and conspiracy theorists since 2010 when the first robotic OTV was launched and spent 224 in orbit. According to space.com, there was a following mission in 2011, which spent an extended period of time in orbit, coming back to Earth after 468 days. However, it was the third mission that piqued interests after spending close to 675 days in orbit without so much as a hint to its purpose. Each mission appears to get longer each time and with the 500 day mark already notched up for OTV-4, one wonders if it'll push things even further. The solar-powered space craft, which has no pilot, is built by Boeing and bears resemblance to NASA's famous space shuttle, which was retired back in 2011 after 30 years of service, however it measures in much smaller at 29ft in length and a wingspan of 15ft (compared to 122ft and 78ft respectively). How the x-37B plane works and how it stacks up against NASA's space shuttle.Reuters What is the X-37B doing in space? Obviously, there's been much speculation and chin-stroking as to the craft's purpose with the immediate reaction being that it could be a weapon. Back in 2012 Dave Webb, chairman of the Global Network Against Weapons & Nuclear Power in Space claimed the X-37B "is part of the Pentagon's effort to develop the capability to strike anywhere in the world with a conventional warhead in less than an hour." The US military, however, was quick to dismiss the theory and "maintained that they use the X-37B to explore reusable space vehicle technologies in support of long-term objectives, such as risk reduction and operations development," said space.com Other theories range from the OTV programme being a spy plane to a potential destroyer of enemy satellites, something that China is reportedly looking to launch into space themselves. Latest theories have claimed the vessel is testing out an experimental propulsion system. The X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle awaits launch. Reuters/US Air Force/Handout All three previous missions have returned to the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California but the ever-voluble US military have not confirmed whether this will land in the same location, or when. The truth is out there. More from IBTimes UK Technology Samsung's pain is Apple's gain as shares soar following exploding Note 7 disaster WikiLeaks' Podesta emails expose secret 'hit' dossier compiled on Bernie Sanders Yahoo do you think you are? Email forwarding disabled making it hard for users to leave Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close What does the Uber tribunal ruling mean for the gig economy? Columnists Joe Glenton “Rethinking Remembrance: Why I'll be wearing a black poppy this year READ MORE WhatsApp enables two-step verification feature but in beta version Latest WhatsApp beta for Android adds ability to play audio messages in the background. Microsoft fixes Surface Pro 3 battery issue through new firmware update The System Firmware Update - 11/7/2016 is available to install from Windows Update. Samsung releases November Android security patches for Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge The update is seeding for unlocked devices in Europe. Hundreds of Uber drivers go without payment after 'banking glitch' Some drivers are unable to work because they cannot cover their fuel costs. BioWare reveals details on new Mass Effect Andromeda companion characters Liam and PeeBee Creative director Mac Walters sheds light on some of the sci-fi RPG's new characters' personalities. Signups for encrypted communication platform ProtonMail double after Trump victory People are flocking to use the encrypted mail service fearing increased surveillance by the state. UK video game deals: PS4 Pro, Xbox One bundles, Overwatch, Call of Duty and more Your round-up of the week's best gaming deals and discounts. WH Smith shuts website for hours to stop sales of manuals on bomb-making One of the terror manuals was reportedly purchased via a US source by Thomas Mair, the alleged murderer of late MP Jo... Unicode signs off on 51 new emojis including breastfeeding, a hijab and more Some of the multiple emojis shortlisted range from a zombie and vampire to a sandwich and an exploding head. Apple may launch 3 iPad models in 2017 including a bezel free variant The bezel free display could also mean the removal of the home button. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Science Space NASA NASA will allow private companies to hook up modules to the International Space Station The space agency wants to give low-Earth orbit to the private sector as it focuses on Mars by Loren Grush@lorengrush Oct 11, 2016, 11:53am EDT share tweet Linkedin NASA Private space companies may soon get the opportunity to add their own habitat modules to the outside of the International Space Station. That’s according to NASA Administrator Charles Bolden, who announced the new initiative today as a way to help expand the number of companies and people that can do work and research in space. That can eventually help companies gain the experience and capability to create private space stations of their own. "A vibrant user community will be key to ensuring the economic viability of future space stations," wrote Bolden in a White House blog post. "A vibrant user community" The announcement of this new opportunity comes just a few months after NASA asked private companies for ideas of how they might use one of the docking ports on the ISS. Based on the responses NASA received, Bolden said companies had a "strong desire" to attach commercial modules to the station that could benefit both NASA and the private sector. Bolden didn’t specify which companies expressed interest, but one company in particular, Bigelow Aerospace, has been very vocal about its desire to hook up habitats to the ISS; the company wants to attach its next big inflatable habitat, the B330, to the ISS as early as 2020. One of Bigelow’s experimental habitats is already connected to the ISS, though its stay is only temporary and meant to gather data about Bigelow’s habitat technology. While the new ISS initiative is meant to foster innovation in the private sector, it will also presumably help jumpstart the space station’s transition from a state-run project to one helmed by the private sector. The ISS is set to retire in 2024, and NASA is looking to move beyond lower Earth orbit and send humans to Mars by the mid-2030s. But before NASA abandons the ISS, the space agency wants to leave the orbiting lab in some private company’s capable hands. "Ultimately, our desire is to hand the space station over to either a commercial entity or some other commercial capability so that research can continue in low-Earth orbit," Bill Hill, NASA’s deputy associate administrator for Exploration Systems Development, said at a press conference in August. In a CNN op-ed, President Barack Obama defended his decision to put NASA on its "Journey to Mars" Bolden’s ISS announcement also coincided with a CNN op-ed from Barack Obama, in which the president defended his decision to put NASA on its "Journey to Mars," while increasing partnerships with the private sector. "Getting to Mars will require continued cooperation between government and private innovators, and we're already well on our way," wrote Obama. NASA has contracted three private companies to periodically resupply the ISS. And in a couple of years, two private companies — SpaceX and Boeing — will launch astronauts to the station for NASA. These public-private partnerships have become an integral part of how NASA does business these days, and it looks like they’ll be a prominent feature of the agency’s Mars mission. In August, NASA selected six companies to create prototypes for deep-space habitats that astronauts could potentially live in. Eventually, NASA hopes to use these commercially developed habitats — or "habs" — as vehicles that can house astronauts on their trips to Mars. Of course, Obama’s essay and the new NASA initiatives come at a critical time for America’s space program. The United States is just weeks away from electing a new president, and he or she will have the power to completely change NASA’s direction. Bolden has argued many times before that changing the space agency’s focus away from Mars — after six years of working toward that goal — would be detrimental. "This is not a time that we can start over," Bolden said in a speech last year for the Center for American Progress. "I think we’ve been through enough ‘start overs’ to know that people grow weary. People like to see something where you’re persistent." However, not everyone is in agreement on the best ways to get to Mars, and there isn’t even consensus on whether Mars should be NASA’s focus. It’s very possible that a new administration could change NASA’s direction, and maybe even alter the public-private partnerships that the space agency has solidified under Obama’s administration. Source: White House Blog, CNN Next Up In Science ExxonMobil is supporting the Paris climate agreement Stop stressing and stare at the closest supermoon we've seen in 69 years It’s dirty and disgusting. So why do we bite our nails? Analysis of post-9/11 blogs show the worst emotional shock eases in about two weeks Scientists made a USB stick that can detect HIV levels For 12 years, plants bought us extra time on climate change Now Trending Stop stressing and stare at the closest supermoon we've seen in 69 years How to buy Nintendo's NES Classic YouTube filmmaking duo Sneaky Zebra on shooting their incredible cosplay music videos This Article has a component height of 12. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest US & World 2016 Election Donald Trump says Facebook and Twitter ‘helped him win’ by Rich McCormick Mark Zuckerberg has spent the days since Donald Trump was voted in as 45th president of the United States downplaying Facebook’s role in the election, but that position may be harder to maintain now, as Trump himself has identified Facebook as a... New, 0 comments US & World 2016 Election Trump chooses Breitbart News boss Stephen Bannon to be his chief strategist by Rich McCormick Donald Trump has named Stephen Bannon, the executive chairman of far-right publication Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. The president-elect announced that Bannon would be working alongside Reince Priebus, a long-time... New, 13 comments Science Energy Environment ExxonMobil is supporting the Paris climate agreement by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak The energy industry has long resisted efforts to rein in fossil fuel consumption for decades to combat climate change. It is mildly surprising then, that ExxonMobil released a statement earlier this week announcing its support of the Paris climate... New, 5 comments Tech Cybersecurity Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Adult dating service company Friend Finder Network has reportedly been hacked, with over 412 million accounts, e-mail addresses and passwords from their websites made available on criminal marketplaces. Notably, the database does not include more... New, 10 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets The Anti-Snore Wearable is a very literally named product by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Can you guess what the Anti-Snore Wearable is designed to do? Hm. I wonder... The Anti-Snore Wearable launched on Kickstarter earlier this week and is a band that wraps around a wearer’s arm. It vibrates whenever its companion iOS / Android app... New, 7 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Nintendo This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition sold out in minutes when it was released on Friday, but you can take a look at what it’s made of thanks to YouTuber JerryRigEverything, who dismantled the console in a short teardown video. The console is simpler... New, 4 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share

null
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Get together in our chat room: The Pub Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Federal Appeals Court Makes Looking Fast A Crime Wikileaks release Part 3 of Podesta emails → Saudi Arabia hires 10th lobby firm Posted on October 11, 2016 by Admin The Hill – by Megan R. Wilson The government of Saudi Arabia is now employing 10 lobbying firms in Washington as it grapples with a new law that would allow families of victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks to sue the country. The Saudis have hired King & Spalding to provide “advocacy and legal services” related to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, according to a contract filed with the Justice Department. It’s the fifth firm to be hired by the country in recent weeks.   Congress handed President Obama his first veto override last week, turning the 9/11 bill into law. But top Republican lawmakers are already discussing rewriting the law to address some of the unintended consequences. Saudi Arabia hired four other firms at the end of September, right before the White House issued its veto. Heavyweights Squire Patton Boggs, Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck and Glover Park Group, along with Sphere Consulting, were added to the payroll. Unlike the other firms, King & Spalding inked its contract through Saudi Arabia’s Ministry of Commerce and Investment. The agreement does not discuss fees or the duration of the work, saying those details were still being worked out. A review of disclosures by The Hill shows that Saudi Arabia is now paying upward of $1.3 million in lobbying fees per month — including payments to its other firms, Hogan Lovells, MSLGroup, DLA Piper, Podesta Group and BGR Group. Targeted Victory, a Republican ad firm, is working through a subcontract with MSLGroup. Earlier this year, Saudi Arabia threatened to sell off hundreds of billions of dollars of American assets should the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act become law. Obama has warned that the law allowing Americans to sue countries or individuals suspected of sponsoring terrorism could also ultimately open up Americans to lawsuits by foreign governments. Companies like Boeing, Dow Chemical, General Electric and Chevron also pressed lawmakers not to vote for the override, according to Politico. Almost immediately after the vote to sustain the legislation into law, overturning Obama’s veto, leaders began discussing ways to change it. “I would like to think there’s a way we can fix so that our service members do not have legal problems overseas while still protecting the rights of the 9/11 victims,” Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) said last week after the successful veto override. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) said that he spoke to Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir last week, according to Bloomberg, and the Saudis are open to tweaking the law with new legislation following the November elections. Prior to the law, families of terrorist attack victims could only sue governments thought to be responsible if the country was a State Department-designated sponsor of terrorism. Saudi Arabia does not have that designation. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers on 9/11 hailed from Saudi Arabia. Critics have long suspected that the kingdom’s government may have either directly or indirectly supported the attacks, something the Saudis vehemently deny. http://thehill.com/business-a-lobbying/lobbying-hires/298975-saudi-arabia-hires-tenth-lobby-firm Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket Related This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 566 ← Federal Appeals Court Makes Looking Fast A Crime Wikileaks release Part 3 of Podesta emails → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 14 + 15 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Frank Face on Trump Releases His Plan For 2nd Amendment… Leaves Millions Furious morris adams on ‘He Was Executed’: Stanislaus County Sheriff’s Deputy Killed Outside Modesto Angel-NYC on Leon Russell, musician known for dynamic performances, dies at 74 RIGHT REVERAND POPE JEREMIAH GOLDSTIEN on Trump Releases His Plan For 2nd Amendment… Leaves Millions Furious Millard on Trump Releases His Plan For 2nd Amendment… Leaves Millions Furious Martist on Trump Releases His Plan For 2nd Amendment… Leaves Millions Furious Martist on Secret Corporate Government Merger — Known As The TPP — Is Finally Dead tumcat on Trump now says ‘Crooked Hillary’ is ‘very strong and very smart’ John Alexander on Trump Transition Web Site Gives Lengthy Mention of “10th Amendment” Hal Apeeno on Leon Russell, musician known for dynamic performances, dies at 74 Frank Face on Secret Corporate Government Merger — Known As The TPP — Is Finally Dead Frank Face on Trump Releases His Plan For 2nd Amendment… Leaves Millions Furious Hal Apeeno on My Picture Went Viral After Hillary Clinton’s Defeat. Here’s How I’m Channeling My Grief Randy Fricke on Judge Rules Administrative Court System Illegal After 81 Years Katie on My Picture Went Viral After Hillary Clinton’s Defeat. Here’s How I’m Channeling My Grief Hal Apeeno on My Picture Went Viral After Hillary Clinton’s Defeat. Here’s How I’m Channeling My Grief RIGHT REVERAND POPE JEREMIAH GOLDSTIEN on Trump Releases His Plan For 2nd Amendment… Leaves Millions Furious Katie on Secret Corporate Government Merger — Known As The TPP — Is Finally Dead tc on ‘He Was Executed’: Stanislaus County Sheriff’s Deputy Killed Outside Modesto Ward Cleaver on Trump Releases His Plan For 2nd Amendment… Leaves Millions Furious Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ AppStore RSS Monday November 14 2016 Nation World Business Oil & Gas Armenian Aggression Nagorno-karabakh conflict Editorial Analysis Lifestyle Events Healthcare Culture Sports Travel Baku Chess Olympiad Home Home Nation World Business Oil & Gas Armenian Aggression Nagorno-karabakh conflict Editorial Analysis Lifestyle Events Healthcare Culture Sports Travel Baku Chess Olympiad AZAL increases regular flights to London 11 October 2016 15:41 (UTC+04:00) 858 Azerbaijan Airlines CJSC (AZAL) is increasing the number of regular flights from Baku to London, in accordance with the winter schedule. Currently, AZAL is carrying out five flights per week from the Heydar Aliyev International Airport to the major international airport of the UK’s capital - London Heathrow Airport. The flights will be implemented on a daily basis since October 30.  On Saturdays, departure from the Heydar Aliyev International Airport will be at 18:25 Baku time (UTC/GMT+4 hours), arrival at Heathrow Airport - at 20:25 local time (UTC/GMT+1). The departure from London will be at 21:50 local time and then arrival in Baku – at 07:20 a.m. On all other days, departure from Baku will be at 19:05 and arrival in London - at 21:05; departure from London – at 22:05 and arrival in Baku – at 07:35 a.m. The flights to London are being implemented on the modern airliner Boeing - 787 Dreamliner, which has lounges with three types of classes - Economy, Comfort-club and VIP-club. Tickets can be booked and purchased at AZAL’s ticket offices and on the company's website www.azal.az. As part of a flight, AZAL Miles bonus program can also be used. Additional information on the program can be obtained from: https://www.azal.az/en/azal-miles/miles-programme . Those people, who are not yet members of the program, can register via: http://ffj2.loyaltyplus.aero/j2loyalty/register.jsf?lang=en For additional information please call:  (+99412) 598-88-80; *8880. E-mail: callcenter@azal.az --- Follow us on Twitter @AzerNewsAz   #AZERBAIJAN AIRLINES (AZAL) #LONDON Related News Passenger flow via Heydar Aliyev Airport jumps 3 November 15:57 ADA students on tour in Heydar Aliyev Int’l Airport [PHOTO] 25 October 13:09 AZAL bans use of Samsung Galaxy Note7 on its flights 21 October 10:18 AZAL offers new campaign on Baku-Dubai-Baku flights 14 October 16:00 Renowned Azerbaijani violist to mesmerize British audience 11 October 16:26 Azerbaijan to turn into point of contact between air spaces of Europe, Asia 6 October 12:41 Azerbaijan Airlines: Watch how pilots preparing for takeoff! [VIDEO] 3 October 10:41 AZAL Miles program offers additional benefits 29 September 11:04 AZAL announces recruitment of female flight attendants 1 September 13:02 AZAL announces 20% discount within new autumn campaign 31 August 10:42 Latest Popular 13 November 16:00 • Azerbaijan, Iran discuss military cooperation 13 November 15:22 • Ambassador Jahangirzadeh hails political environment between Iran and Azerbaijan 13 November 14:23 • China National Petroleum Corporation seeks wider involvement in SOCAR projects 13 November 14:03 • World Bank expresses readiness to render technical assistance to Azerbaijan 13 November 13:59 • Turkish Petroleum Corp to spend $1.7B for exploration in 2017 13 November 12:39 • Global Sustainable Transport Conference due in Ashgabat 13 November 11:58 • Novruz Mammadov: Azerbaijan-USA cooperation will further develop 13 November 11:00 • Iraqi army says advances in Mosul, despite suicide bombers 13 November 10:45 • Iran aiming triple power trade with Turkmenistan 13 November 10:30 • Turkish president reiterates call for death penalty 13 November 10:16 • ABU Baku start Challenge Cup with victory 13 November 10:15 • President Aliyev launches Beylagan city water supply, sewerage system 13 November 10:13 • Armenia breaks ceasefire with Azerbaijan 32 times in 24 hours 13 November 09:53 • Ilham Aliyev opens newly renovated Birinji Shahsevan-Ahmadli-Dunyamalilar highway in Beylagan 13 November 09:48 • 30 killed, over 100 injured as blast rip through Pakistan shrine 12 November 19:14 • President Aliyev visits “Qarabag Taxil” LLC pilot grain farm in Beylagan 12 November 18:02 • President Ilham Aliyev inaugurates Flag Museum in Beylagan [PHOTO] 12 November 17:37 • Iran urges peaceful nuclear cooperation with Hungary 12 November 17:10 • Ilham Aliyev: Azerbaijan can destroy any military target in occupied lands 12 November 16:38 • Azerbaijani oil prices for November 7-11 13 November 10:45 • Iran aiming triple power trade with Turkmenistan 13 November 15:22 • Ambassador Jahangirzadeh hails political environment between Iran and Azerbaijan 13 November 16:00 • Azerbaijan, Iran discuss military cooperation 13 November 11:58 • Novruz Mammadov: Azerbaijan-USA cooperation will further develop 13 November 09:48 • 30 killed, over 100 injured as blast rip through Pakistan shrine 13 November 10:16 • ABU Baku start Challenge Cup with victory 13 November 11:00 • Iraqi army says advances in Mosul, despite suicide bombers 13 November 14:23 • China National Petroleum Corporation seeks wider involvement in SOCAR projects 13 November 10:30 • Turkish president reiterates call for death penalty 13 November 10:13 • Armenia breaks ceasefire with Azerbaijan 32 times in 24 hours 13 November 09:53 • Ilham Aliyev opens newly renovated Birinji Shahsevan-Ahmadli-Dunyamalilar highway in Beylagan 13 November 10:15 • President Aliyev launches Beylagan city water supply, sewerage system 13 November 12:39 • Global Sustainable Transport Conference due in Ashgabat 13 November 13:59 • Turkish Petroleum Corp to spend $1.7B for exploration in 2017 13 November 14:03 • World Bank expresses readiness to render technical assistance to Azerbaijan AzerNews Newspaper Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Information About us Contacts Advertising Azernews In Print News Archive © 2016 AzerNews. All rights reserved
Our products News terminal Oil and gas Banking analytics RU AZ EN TR AR FA Login Sign up Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Home Azerbaijan Society Azerbaijan Airlines increasing regular flights to London 11 October 2016 14:56 (UTC+04:00) 0 0 Azerbaijan Airlines CJSC (AZAL) is increasing the number of regular flights from Baku to London, in accordance with the winter schedule. Currently, AZAL is carrying out five flights per week from the Heydar Aliyev International Airport to the major international airport of the UK’s capital - London Heathrow Airport. The flights will be implemented on a daily basis since Oct. 30. On Saturdays, departure from the Heydar Aliyev International Airport will be at 18:25 Baku time (UTC/GMT+4 hours), arrival at Heathrow Airport - at 20:25 local time (UTC/GMT+1). The departure from London will be at 21:50 local time and then arrival in Baku – at 07:20 a.m. On all other days, departure from Baku will be at 19:05 and arrival in London - at 21:05; departure from London – at 22:05 and arrival in Baku – at 07:35 a.m. It should be noted that flights to London are being implemented on the modern airliner Boeing - 787 Dreamliner, which has lounges with three types of classes - Economy, Comfort-club and VIP-club. Tickets can be booked and purchased at AZAL’s ticket offices and on the company's website www.azal.az. As part of a flight, AZAL Miles bonus program can also be used. Additional information on the program can be obtained from: https://www.azal.az/en/azal-miles/miles-programme . Those people, who are not yet members of the program, can register via: http://ffj2.loyaltyplus.aero/j2loyalty/register.jsf?lang=en For additional information please call: (+99412) 598-88-80; *8880. E-mail: callcenter@azal.az Tags: AZAL Related news ADA students on tour in Heydar Aliyev Int’l Airport (PHOTO) Business 25 October 12:30 AZAL bans use of Samsung Galaxy Note7 on its flights Society 21 October 10:01 AZAL presents video about Heydar Aliyev International Airport (VIDEO) Economy news 17 October 19:25 New campaign of Azerbaijan Airlines on Baku-Dubai-Baku flights Economy news 14 October 14:49 Azerbaijan to connect air spaces of Europe and Asia Economy news 6 October 12:41 Passenger traffic of Heydar Aliyev International Airport ups Economy news 5 October 11:10 AZAL Miles participants with Gold, Platinum status receive additional benefits Economy news 29 September 11:16 Silk Way, Russian Helicopters intend to create service center (PHOTO) Economy news 27 September 14:07 Silk Way West Airlines launches direct flights to Chicago Economy news 23 September 10:58 Azerbaijan Airlines successfully passes IOSA audit Society 21 September 12:31 AZAL warns passengers traveling with Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Economy news 15 September 15:16 AZAL announces recruitment of female flight attendants Society 1 September 13:46 AZAL announces 20% discount within new autumn campaign Economy news 31 August 11:05 AZAL entering Malaysian airspace Economy news 29 August 12:09 AZAL, Turkish Airlines intend to expand co-op Business 12 August 18:21 Passenger traffic of Heydar Aliyev International Airport grows by 27% Business 5 August 10:44 AZAL takes Azerbaijani National team to Rio for Olympics (PHOTO/VIDEO) Society 2 August 11:20 Double miles on AZAL flights between Baku and Berlin Economy news 1 August 16:43 Most popular Trump’s vows on Iran hard to turn into actions EIA: Brent crude oil price to go over $50 in 2017 Leyla Aliyeva opens IDEA Animal Care Center (PHOTO) US should extradite Gulen, Trump’s top adviser says Commentary Why does UN disregard real problems? Trump won’t rip up Iran deal Azerbaijan fully supports freedom of religion of citizens About Our Team Partners Our products Info Service News archive Contacts 14, Bakhtiyar Vahabzade, Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1141 +(994 12) 497-31-72 agency@trend.az +(994 12) 497-30-89 © 2016 Trend News Agency Terms of use
null
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 24 °C 12 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 26 °C 13 °C Pretoria, South Africa 26 °C 13 °C Cape Town, South Africa 20 °C 16 °C Durban, South Africa 17 °C 13 °C Mbombela, South Africa 28 °C 13 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 23 °C 13 °C Polokwane, South Africa 18 °C 12 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 19 °C 11 °C East London, South Africa 33 °C 16 °C Upington, South Africa 33 °C 16 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Video President Zuma's lawyers say South Africans should pay the costs of his state capture legal bid Video A selection of the best 'Hallelujah' covers Interview The heroes of Joburg's flash floods Top Stories Video New Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather News Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! When batteries explode: five questions Technology Tuesday 11 October 2016 - 10:26am A Southwest Airlines flight leaving Louisville, Kentucky was evacuated on Wednesday after a passenger's Samsung phone began emitting smoke. Photo: Twitter / @FallonGlick JOHANNESBURG - Samsung has told customers worldwide to stop using their Galaxy Note 7 smartphones after a spate of battery explosions threatens to derail the powerhouse global brand. It is the latest in a string of lithium-ion battery fires in products ranging from laptops to hover boards to planes -- and a reminder that pushing the technology envelope can sometimes be problematic. Here are some things to know about Samsung's snowballing safety crisis, the handset recall and why batteries can be a fire hazard. How do these batteries work and why do they catch fire? A lithium-ion battery is a kind of rechargeable battery that uses different materials, one holding positive ions -- the cathode -- and the other holding negative ions -- the anode. These ions move one way when charging, and back again when discharging (being used). These two layers -- or conductors -- are never supposed to touch, so manufacturers insert separators to keep them apart. Unfortunately, the chemical reaction that makes batteries work also creates heat. Overcharging the packs, or charging them too fast, can lead to fires. What is the issue with Samsung’s batteries? Samsung has said parts of the battery that should never touch came together due to a "very rare manufacturing process error". Gadget makers weigh all sorts of factors like performance, cost and safety when rolling out their next-generation technology. And the race to push more battery life into their latest phone or tablet can lead to unexpected results. "Smartphone makers are trying to squeeze these batteries into a small, thin package," said Hideki Yasuda, an analyst at Ace Research Institute in Tokyo. "Since batteries generate energy through a chemical reaction, it's really hard to reduce the risk (of fire) to zero. "Sometimes convenience comes with a price." Has this happened before? Yes. Battery fires have been reported in products including Sony Vaio laptops, last year's must-have toy the hover board, electric bikes and even Boeing's Dreamliner jet. In Samsung's case, faulty batteries caused some handsets to burst into flames during charging. Cases of exploding batteries continued to emerge following the recall announcement, with users claiming a burning device had damaged a hotel room in Australia or set a car on fire in the US. How extensive is the problem? Millions of lithium-ion batteries are produced annually with a tiny fraction of those catching fire or exploding. By the start of September Samsung had received reports of about 35 incidents involving the phone's batteries, with the tech giant launching a recall of 2.5 million Note 7s in 10 markets. The firm said it would exchange the devices but there had been troubling reports that the batteries in the new handsets have also been involved in fires. "It's not easy to know if Samsung's problem is the same as others ... at this point," Yasuda said. "If its battery suppliers sell these same ones to other producers,it could possibly affect them too." What does this mean for Samsung and other gadget makers that use these batteries? According to some analysts, the cost of Samsung's recall operation could be up to $2-billion. Although the company issued a stronger-than-expected operating profit forecast for the third quarter earlier this month, it has been battered by slumps in its share price over its exploding smartphone woes. The US Federal Aviation Administration has also issued a guidance update, urging all passengers to power off and not use, charge or stow in checked baggage all Samsung Galaxy Note 7 devices,  originals or replacements. The scandal will also put pressure on other gadget makers to figure out how to make battery packs safe for ever-smaller devices."We always want batteries to be safe but also to be more efficient," said Guy Marlair, a France-based safety expert. "The more that we boost the battery's performance, the higher the energy density in a small space and the tougher it is to manage security."   AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES Samsung suspends production of Galaxy Note 7 10 October 2016 The company's share price plunged by as much as four percent in early-morning trade on Monday - even before the report came out. US flight evacuated after another Samsung phone fire 06 October 2016 Flight 994 was evacuated on the runway prior to takeoff after a passenger's Samsung Galaxy Note 7 apparently caught fire. Samsung eyes fix after complaints of 'exploding' washers 29 September 2016 The South Korean electronics giant recalled millions of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones following a series of battery explosions. Trending 1Trump vows to crackdown on undocumented immigrants 2Vaal Dam level rises, but not enough 3US law doesnt bar Trump from business empire 4Lesotho parliamentary rebel calls for new coalition 5Mkhize dismisses ANC list ahead of elective conference Full coverage On the road 23 injured in Pietermaritzburg bakkie crash The rise of the Islamic State Families speak of horror after Pakistan shrine attack Zimbabwe in dire straits Zimbabwe army has no role in succession debate: Military chief Rhinos under threat VIDEO: Rhino poacher says Mahlobo is his 'mate' View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 14.3352 -0.2507 GB Pound 18.0126 -0.3318 Euro 15.4786 -0.1426 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 44.57 -2.28 Gold $ 1217.36 -1.21 Platinum $ 939 -0.92 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 43995.64 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 50294.71 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 33399.36 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS Against All Odds CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON Livestation DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Airforce Technology Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Jump to page content Accessibility News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Home About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Industry Websites Digital Magazine Products & Services Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Company A - Z Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Projects Industry Projects Projects by Region Projects by Category Archived Projects Project Gallery Features Latest Features Features A - Z Contributors Videos White Papers News Latest Industry Updates Industry News Company Press Releases Events Advertise With Us Report Store Digital Magazine About Us Contact Us Industry Websites US approves sale of missile warning systems to Egypt 11 October 2016 The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) has notified Congress of a potential $81.4m foreign military sale (FMS) of a common missile warning system (CMWS) for AH-64E Apache, UH-60 Blackhawk, and CH-47 Chinook helicopter to Egypt. Under the potential sale, Egypt seeks to receive 67 units of AN/AAR-57 CMWS and associated equipment, training, and support. The sale will also cover OCONUS installation / integration, installation mounting kits and countermeasure dispenser test set AN/ALM-294. The Government of Egypt has also requested for technical assistance, US Government training and OCONUS contractor training, publications and technical documents, quality assurance and other related elements of logistics and programme support. The procurement of CMWS will equip the Egyptian Air Force’s fleet of multimission helicopters with a detection system for infrared missile threats. BAE Systems and DynCorp will serve as prime contractors for this potential sale. The Apache and Chinook helicopters are manufactured by Boeing, and Black Hawk is developed by Sikorsky. "The CH-47 is an advanced multi-mission helicopter that features a fully integrated, digital cockpit management system." The CH-47 is an advanced multi-mission helicopter that features a fully integrated, digital cockpit management system, common aviation architecture cockpit and advanced cargo-handling capabilities. Powered by two high-performance turboshaft engines, the Apache is fitted with laser, infrared, and other systems to locate, track, and attack targets. Sikorsky's Black Hawk has low-detectability and outstanding nap-of-the-earth flight capabilities and it is tolerant to small arms fire and most high-explosive, medium-calibre projectiles. Image: An AH-64 Apache helicopter. Photo: courtesy of US Army by Tech. Sgt. Andy Dunaway. Related Content Follow Us:   Related News US, UK, ROK air forces conduct first joint air exercise Invincible Shield The air forces of the UK, US and South Korea have successfully conducted... Deals this week: Airbus Helicopters, ManTech SRS Technologies, Saab Airbus Helicopters has signed a contract with the Singapore Ministry... CACI wins $446m contract for US Air Force Satellite Control Network CACI International has won a $446m contract to provide... Airbus delivers satellite communications to UK Royal Air Force’s Red Arrows tour Airbus Defence and Space is delivering satellite communications to the... Cascade Aerospace delivers final CC-130J to Royal Canadian Air Force Canada’s Cascade Aerospace has delivered the final CC-130J to the... See all news Follow Us: Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links Newsletter sign up Online magazine sign up www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2016 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Monday, November 14, 2016 Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News Opinion Regions World Sports Business Special Features SPECIAL REPORTS The Sunday Times You are at:Home»News»The Latest News»When batteries explode: five questions When batteries explode: five questions 0 By AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE on on October 11, 2016 The Latest News, Today's Breaking News Tweet SEOUL: Samsung has told customers worldwide to stop using their Galaxy Note 7 smart phones after a spate of battery explosions threatens to derail the powerhouse global brand. It is the latest in a string of lithium-ion battery fires on products ranging from laptops to hover boards to planes—and a reminder that pushing the technology envelope can sometimes be problematic. Here are some things to know about Samsung’s snowballing safety crisis, the handset recall and why batteries can be a fire hazard. How do these batteries work and why do they catch fire? A lithium-ion battery is a kind of rechargeable battery that uses different materials, one holding positive ions—the cathode—and the other holding negative ions—the anode. These ions move one way when charging, and back again when discharging—being used. These two layers—or conductors—are never supposed to touch, so manufacturers insert separators to keep them apart. Unfortunately, the chemical reaction that makes batteries work also creates heat. Overcharging the packs—or charging them too fast—can lead to fires. What is the issue with Samsung’s batteries? Samsung has said parts of the battery that should never touch came together due to a “very rare manufacturing process error”. Gadget makers weigh all sorts of factors like performance, cost and safety when rolling out their next-generation technology. And the race to push more battery life into their latest phone or tablet can lead to unexpected results. “Smartphone makers are trying to squeeze these batteries into a small, thin package,” said Hideki Yasuda, an analyst at Ace Research Institute in Tokyo. “Since batteries generate energy through a chemical reaction, it’s really hard to reduce the risk (of fire) to zero. “Sometimes convenience comes with a price.” Has this happened before? Yes. Battery fires have been reported in products including Sony Vaio laptops, last-year’s must-have toy the hover board, electric bikes and even Boeing’s Dreamliner jet. In Samsung’s case, faulty batteries caused some handsets to burst into flames during charging. Cases of exploding batteries continued to emerge following the recall announcement, with users claiming a burning device had damaged a hotel room in Australia or set a car on fire in the US. How extensive is the problem? Millions of lithium-ion batteries are produced annually with a tiny fraction of those catching fire or exploding. At the start of September Samsung had received reports of about 35 incidents involving the phone’s batteries, with the tech giant launching a recall of 2.5 million Notes 7s in 10 markets. The firm said it would exchange the devices but there have been troubling reports that the batteries in the new handsets have also been involved in fires.   “It’s not easy to know if Samsung’s problem is the same as others … at this point,” Yasuda said. “If its battery suppliers sell these same ones to other producers, it could possibly affect them too.” What does this mean for Samsung and other gadget makers that use these batteries? According to some analysts, the cost of the Samsung recall operation could be up to $2 billion. Although the company issued a stronger-than-expected operating profit forecast for the third quarter earlier this month despite the Note 7 setback, it has been battered by slumps in share price over its exploding smart phone woes. The US Federal Aviation Administration has also issued a guidance update, urging all passengers to power off, and not use, charge, or stow in checked baggage, all Samsung Galaxy Note 7 devices—originals or replacements. The scandal will also put pressure on other gadget makers to figure out how to make battery packs safe for ever-smaller devices. “We always want batteries to be safe but also to be more efficient,” said Guy Marlair, a France-based safety expert. “The more that we boost the battery’s performance, the higher the energy density in a small space and the tougher it is to manage security.” AFP/CC       Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email loading... Comments are closed. Contact Info Address: 2/F Sitio Grande Building 409 A. Soriano Avenue, Intramuros Manila 1020 Philippines Tel. : +63 (02) 524 5664 up to 67 Fax: +63 (02) 528-1729 Email: newsdesk@manilatimes.net opinion@manilatimes.net Copyright © 2010-2016 The Manila Times - All Rights Reserved. Archives Advertise Contact Us About Us
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: October 11th, 2016 >> Story Satnews Daily October 11th, 2016 ULA's WorldView-4's Saga... Fire Damaged Equipment Causes Another Launch Delay  A wildfire delayed a planned rocket launch at Vandenberg Air Force Base. The launch of WorldView-4 has been plagued with catastrophes—one after the other. First there was a mechanical delay, and then a raging wildfire. Now word has been issued addressing the rescheduling of the launch. DigitalGlobe, which owns the WorldView-4 earth imaging satellite sitting atop an Atlas V rocket at Vandenberg Air Force Base, said launch of the satellite will now probably take place sometime in late October and early November. Originally scheduled for September 16, the launch was initially delayed at the last minute because of a minor leak in one of the ground propellant tanks. The United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Boeing Defense and Lockheed Martin Space and Security, which will launch the rocket, initially delayed the launch for just two days but later scrubbed launch plans indefinitely because of two wildfires that started on the base. ULA hoped to launch the rocket on September 26, but those plans were later pushed back to early October. DigitalGlobe said now the launch will be delayed further because of infrastructure and testing equipment damaged during the wildfires. “The WorldView 4 satellite is safe and secure atop its Atlas V launch vehicle,” DigitalGlobe said in a news release. “The company continues to expect WorldView-4 to begin generating revenue in the first half of 2017.” Pacific Coast Business Times Topical Tags :  Analysis/Reports    Agencies    Regulatory/Government    Launch    Satellite Operator      Regional Tags :  North America                     FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News ULA's Successful Cool As A Cube WorldView-4 Launch  A Fairing Kind Of Day For Arianespace AIMing For Didymos Veterans Day, Lest We Forget...  Launch Reminders... Including One Launch Delay More News Optus Has Something Expansive Going On With SatSleeve A Spatial Unfurling For MUOS-5 New Information...Viewers Enjoy Watching A Wall? APT Satellite Partners With Great Wall TV  GVF Honored With Sir Arthur C. Clarke Award Ultra Electronics GigaSat To Fulfill Their APAC Comms Designs Via SkyNet 5A Gilat Is On The Tracks With Renfe RigNet's Getting Their Sales Organized... A New Chief Sales Officer Last Week's Top Stories ULA's Successful Cool As A Cube WorldView-4 Launch  SSL Provides Positively Powerful EchoStar XIX World's Highest Capacity Broadband Satellite A New, Out-Of-This-World Record For NASA Surveyor Smallsats To Set Forth For NASA The Russians Are Coming... May Launch Up to 4 Glonass Navigation Satellites Next Year Bandwidth Buster Brought Forth By Newtec and Panasonic Feeling Better Already Now That COSMO-SkyMed Second Generation Contract Signed Avanti Heats Up For Sub-Saharan Africa's ECO Project With Newtec's Dialog® Hotspot Solution  Patent Pending Technology From C-COM Targets In-Motion, Phased Array Antennas The VSAT Conundrum Video From Advantech Wireless News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events ITU Telecom World 2016 AfricaCom 2016 GVF Aero-Connect 2016 CommuniCast Myanmar 2016 Marine Equipment Trade Show London Space Week AfricaCom
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, November 14, 2016 11:58 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Light Rain MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets When batteries explode: Five questions Tuesday October 11, 2016 03:29 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Ronaldo scores twice, but misses penalty in Portugal win The Edit: Bon Jovi scores sixth No 1 album The Edit: Action cams for winter sports The Edit: Here’s how you can make your holiday travel less stressful Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The burned Samsung Note 7 smartphone belonging to Brian Green is pictured in this photo. The replacement model of the fire-prone smartphone began smoking inside a Southwest Airlines plane on October 5, 2016. — Reuters picSEOUL, Oct 11 — Samsung has told customers worldwide to stop using their Galaxy Note 7 smartphones after a spate of battery explosions threatens to derail the powerhouse global brand. It is the latest in a string of lithium-ion battery fires on products ranging from laptops to hoverboards to planes — and a reminder that pushing the technology envelope can sometimes be problematic. Here are some things to know about Samsung’s snowballing safety crisis, the handset recall and why batteries can be a fire hazard. How do these batteries work and why do they catch fire? A lithium-ion battery is a kind of rechargeable battery that uses different materials, one holding positive ions — the cathode — and the other holding negative ions — the anode. These ions move one way when charging, and back again when discharging — being used. These two layers — or conductors — are never supposed to touch, so manufacturers insert separators to keep them apart. Unfortunately, the chemical reaction that makes batteries work also creates heat. Overcharging the packs — or charging them too fast — can lead to fires. What is the issue with Samsung’s batteries? Samsung has said parts of the battery that should never touch came together due to a “very rare manufacturing process error”. Gadget makers weigh all sorts of factors like performance, cost and safety when rolling out their next-generation technology. And the race to push more battery life into their latest phone or tablet can lead to unexpected results. “Smartphone makers are trying to squeeze these batteries into a small, thin package,” said Hideki Yasuda, an analyst at Ace Research Institute in Tokyo. “Since batteries generate energy through a chemical reaction, it’s really hard to reduce the risk (of fire) to zero. “Sometimes convenience comes with a price.” Has this happened before? Yes. Battery fires have been reported in products including Sony Vaio laptops, last-year’s must-have toy the hoverboard, electric bikes and even Boeing’s Dreamliner jet. In Samsung’s case, faulty batteries caused some handsets to burst into flames during charging. Cases of exploding batteries continued to emerge following the recall announcement, with users claiming a burning device had damaged a hotel room in Australia or set a car on fire in the US. How extensive is the problem? Millions of lithium-ion batteries are produced annually with a tiny fraction of those catching fire or exploding. At the start of September Samsung had received reports of about 35 incidents involving the phone’s batteries, with the tech giant launching a recall of 2.5 million Notes 7s in 10 markets. The firm said it would exchange the devices but there have been troubling reports that the batteries in the new handsets have also been involved in fires. “It’s not easy to know if Samsung’s problem is the same as others... at this point,” Yasuda said. “If its battery suppliers sell these same ones to other producers,it could possibly affect them too.” What does this mean for Samsung and other gadget makers that use these batteries? According to some analysts, the cost of the Samsung recall operation could be up to US$2 billion (RM8 billion). Although the company issued a stronger-than-expected operating profit forecast for the third quarter earlier this month despite the Note 7 setback, it has been battered by slumps in share price over its exploding smartphone woes. The US Federal Aviation Administration has also issued a guidance update, urging all passengers to power off, and not use, charge, or stow in checked baggage, all Samsung Galaxy Note 7 devices — originals or replacements. The scandal will also put pressure on other gadget makers to figure out how to make battery packs safe for ever-smaller devices. “We always want batteries to be safe but also to be more efficient,” said Guy Marlair, a France-based safety expert. “The more that we boost the battery’s performance, the higher the energy density in a small space and the tougher it is to manage security.” — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week The best action cams for winter sports Facebook accidentally declares some users dead, including founder Zuckerberg Xbox at 15: Five of the very best original games Best smartphones for holiday 2016 Sony seeks to patent method for measuring journalists' accuracy Apple now sells refurbished iPhones China unveils first satellite smartphone Huawei wants to beat Apple in smartphones in two years Three top smartphone cameras in real-world tests Samsung seeks redemption with AI-infused Galaxy S8 phone Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New Zealand Reuters Video: Trump picks Priebus as White House chief of staff Reuters Video: Supermoon rises in Spain Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Related Articles Samsung apologises for Galaxy Note phones in US ads Samsung third-quarter profit drops amid Note 7 phone crisis Samsung’s prestige takes another hit over lawsuit Galaxy Note 7 recall dismays S. Korea, the ‘Republic of Samsung’ Ministry confirms report of ‘smoking’ Note 7 at Japan airport Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, November 13, 2016, 10:03 p.m. Home / Business / Pratt's jet-engine stumbles taking toll By Richard Clough Bloomberg News This article was published October 11, 2016 at 2:16 a.m. PHOTO BY BLOOMBERG NEWS / KRISZTIAN BOCSI A Pratt & Whitney PW1000G turbofan engine sits on the wing of an Airbus A320neo jet during a delivery ceremony outside the Airbus factory in Hamburg, Germany, in February. Comments aAFont Size At a recent aerospace industry gathering, John Leahy, the chief salesman for Airbus Group SE, went on about a futuristic airplane with an engine that he said "no doubt will be delivered late." This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Pratt's jet-engine stumbles taking toll Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business 3.6% jump in holiday sales forecast Samsung halts phone's production Pernod relocates bottling to state China releases plans to cut firms' debt Pratt's jet-engine stumbles taking toll Alcoa's last earnings call before split to to... Collusion scoffed, Tyson stock up 4.1% Apple, oil help push stocks higher Getting it straight More Business stories > Comments on: Pratt's jet-engine stumbles taking toll To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump protests continue (21 comments) It's the culture, stupid (29 comments) Demographics doom Clinton in Arkansas (19 comments) Election unrest hits state schools (34 comments) Trump said to adjust stance on health law (12 comments) Trump names GOP Chairman Priebus chief of staff; Bannon to be chief strategist (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ AppStore RSS Monday November 14 2016 Nation World Business Oil & Gas Armenian Aggression Nagorno-karabakh conflict Editorial Analysis Lifestyle Events Healthcare Culture Sports Travel Baku Chess Olympiad Home Home Nation World Business Oil & Gas Armenian Aggression Nagorno-karabakh conflict Editorial Analysis Lifestyle Events Healthcare Culture Sports Travel Baku Chess Olympiad The Dawn of Climate-Friendly Air Travel 11 October 2016 10:23 (UTC+04:00) 2 491 By Christiana Figueres  As the world becomes increasingly interconnected, demand for air travel is growing, with more than 30,000 new large aircraft expected to take to the skies in the next few years. But if we are to sustain growth in air travel without aggravating global warming, we must quickly reduce aviation-related CO2 emissions, which are substantial and not covered by the Paris climate agreement that more than 190 countries agreed to last December. Fortunately, now is the perfect time to decouple aviation emissions from air-travel growth. Representatives from 191 countries convened in Montreal this week for the 39th Session of the United Nations’ International Civil Aviation Organization; after decades of wrangling, they have agreed to an aviation-specific climate agreement. The new ICAO framework aims for “carbon-neutral growth” in international aviation from 2020 onward, and has as its centerpiece a global market-based measure (GMBM) to help airlines affordably cap their net emissions at 2020 levels. When implemented, it will be the first carbon-emissions cap on a global industry that does not noticeably increase costs for consumers. And airlines will purchase emissions reductions from other economic sectors, thus funneling billions of dollars into low-carbon development around the world. For the first six years, the new framework will apply only to flights between countries that have voluntarily adopted it, which means that the ICAO will have to encourage adequate participation for the program to be effective. This opt-in approach has some critics, but whether a program is categorized as “voluntary” or “mandatory” is beside the point, because international accords generally apply only to the sovereign countries that have decided to join them. Some 64 countries have already signaled their willingness to sign on to the ICAO agreement, and together they account for nearly 80% of expected growth in CO2 emissions above 2020 levels. That isn’t 100%, but it’s a great start, and we can expect more countries to join when they see others reaping the benefits of low-carbon development. The airlines themselves will welcome a coherent global framework that establishes clear and predictable compliance metrics, rather than a regulatory patchwork that differs from country to country and complicates international operations. To minimize compliance costs – and because environmental sustainability is now a key competitive marker for customers and investors alike – airlines will likely encourage the countries where they do business to participate in the ICAO program. The new agreement provides an enormous opportunity to prevent the emission of 2.5 billion tons of CO2 in the first 15 years – the equivalent of taking roughly 35 million cars off the road every year the program is in force. The agreement will also spur major manufacturers such as Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, and Embraer – which are already investing in quieter, more fuel-efficient aircraft and efficiency improvements for existing models – to develop cleaner technologies that will allow them to purchase fewer emissions offsets. However, the framework decided in Montreal is not complete, and crucial details need to be worked out quickly so that airlines can begin to plan how they will meet the new environmental targets. Developed countries have already offered to help implement the GMBM, which, it is hoped, will pave the way for investments in emerging economies that are becoming new aviation powerhouses. If the countries can leapfrog over old technologies, they can become new leaders in carbon-smart flying. They should seize the opportunity before them and join the ICAO framework so that their manufacturers have a clear and predictable path forward. At the Paris climate talks last year, we witnessed the power of global collective action to address climate change. No fewer than 187 countries – large and small, developed and developing – announced emissions-reduction targets in the months before the conference, which created the momentum to reach a landmark accord. With the Paris climate agreement on track to enter into force in the coming months – more rapidly than anyone ever thought possible – we still have that momentum. The ICAO agreement is the next wave in the international battle against climate change. Together, the two agreements will boost our chances of delivering environmentally sustainable economic growth. By cleaning up our carbon footprint now, future generations of air travelers from all countries will be able to look out their window onto a healthy planet. Copyright: Project Syndicate: The Dawn of Climate-Friendly Air Travel --- Follow us on Twitter @AzerNewsAz     Category News Europe, Alone in Trump’s World 10 November 14:32 Donald Trump’s foreign-policy challenges 10 November 11:33 The Developing World’s Health Innovators 10 November 10:00 An agenda for global fiscal activism 8 November 09:58 Putting democracy above the bottom line 7 November 10:53 An Agenda for Global Fiscal Activism 7 November 09:58 Radical Realism About Climate Change 4 November 10:02 Big Danger at the Lower Bound 3 November 17:49 America’s race to the ballot’s bottom 3 November 09:59 Investment for Sustainable Growth 2 November 10:01 Latest Popular 13 November 16:00 • Azerbaijan, Iran discuss military cooperation 13 November 15:22 • Ambassador Jahangirzadeh hails political environment between Iran and Azerbaijan 13 November 14:23 • China National Petroleum Corporation seeks wider involvement in SOCAR projects 13 November 14:03 • World Bank expresses readiness to render technical assistance to Azerbaijan 13 November 13:59 • Turkish Petroleum Corp to spend $1.7B for exploration in 2017 13 November 12:39 • Global Sustainable Transport Conference due in Ashgabat 13 November 11:58 • Novruz Mammadov: Azerbaijan-USA cooperation will further develop 13 November 11:00 • Iraqi army says advances in Mosul, despite suicide bombers 13 November 10:45 • Iran aiming triple power trade with Turkmenistan 13 November 10:30 • Turkish president reiterates call for death penalty 13 November 10:16 • ABU Baku start Challenge Cup with victory 13 November 10:15 • President Aliyev launches Beylagan city water supply, sewerage system 13 November 10:13 • Armenia breaks ceasefire with Azerbaijan 32 times in 24 hours 13 November 09:53 • Ilham Aliyev opens newly renovated Birinji Shahsevan-Ahmadli-Dunyamalilar highway in Beylagan 13 November 09:48 • 30 killed, over 100 injured as blast rip through Pakistan shrine 12 November 19:14 • President Aliyev visits “Qarabag Taxil” LLC pilot grain farm in Beylagan 12 November 18:02 • President Ilham Aliyev inaugurates Flag Museum in Beylagan [PHOTO] 12 November 17:37 • Iran urges peaceful nuclear cooperation with Hungary 12 November 17:10 • Ilham Aliyev: Azerbaijan can destroy any military target in occupied lands 12 November 16:38 • Azerbaijani oil prices for November 7-11 13 November 10:45 • Iran aiming triple power trade with Turkmenistan 13 November 15:22 • Ambassador Jahangirzadeh hails political environment between Iran and Azerbaijan 13 November 16:00 • Azerbaijan, Iran discuss military cooperation 13 November 11:58 • Novruz Mammadov: Azerbaijan-USA cooperation will further develop 13 November 09:48 • 30 killed, over 100 injured as blast rip through Pakistan shrine 13 November 10:16 • ABU Baku start Challenge Cup with victory 13 November 11:00 • Iraqi army says advances in Mosul, despite suicide bombers 13 November 14:23 • China National Petroleum Corporation seeks wider involvement in SOCAR projects 13 November 10:30 • Turkish president reiterates call for death penalty 13 November 10:13 • Armenia breaks ceasefire with Azerbaijan 32 times in 24 hours 13 November 09:53 • Ilham Aliyev opens newly renovated Birinji Shahsevan-Ahmadli-Dunyamalilar highway in Beylagan 13 November 10:15 • President Aliyev launches Beylagan city water supply, sewerage system 13 November 12:39 • Global Sustainable Transport Conference due in Ashgabat 13 November 13:59 • Turkish Petroleum Corp to spend $1.7B for exploration in 2017 13 November 14:03 • World Bank expresses readiness to render technical assistance to Azerbaijan AzerNews Newspaper Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Information About us Contacts Advertising Azernews In Print News Archive © 2016 AzerNews. All rights reserved
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 13, 2016 11:03 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Abetting atrocity: U.S. support for Saudi war on Yemen must end October 11, 2016 12:00 AM By the Editorial Board Saudi Arabia’s air strikes on a funeral in Yemen Saturday, killing at least 140, should be the last straw in America’s support of the kingdom in its intra-Islamic, Sunni vs. Shiite war in that tragic country. The Saudis took the occasion of a funeral in Sana, the Yemeni capital, of a patriarch of a large, prominent family to carry out a three-wave bombing attack on the hall where the ceremony was being held. One argument that President Barack Obama’s administration uses to sustain America’s policy of continued support for the Saudi-led coalition is that the intelligence the United States provides its air war against Yemen enables its planes to be more precise in hitting military rather than civilian targets. What that line of argument would lead to this time is either that it isn’t an accurate description of what is occurring, or that U.S. intelligence helped the Saudis target the attack on the funeral. Neither “explanation” is acceptable to American principles. What is likely more accurate is to refer to the fact that the United States has sold the Saudis and the other Sunni Persian Gulf Arab states the aircraft and technology that they are using to wage war against the Shiite Houthis in Yemen. The figure for sales to the Saudis is $100 billion during the Obama years. Companies profiting from the sales include Boeing, General Dynamics and United Technologies. The Department of Defense has yet to assure there are no U.S. co-pilots in the Saudi aircraft carrying out attacks in Yemen. The other argument used to justify continued U.S. support of the Saudis in their intra-Islamic war is that America is placating the kingdom, based on its opposition to the Iran nuclear agreement concluded last year. The Shiite Islamic republic exchanged its nuclear program for the immediate and middle future in return for an alleviation of economic and financial international sanctions against it. Unfortunately, at this time, Yemenis — citizens of the poorest country in the Mideast — are paying the price in blood to please the Saudis and their theocratic regime for the Iran deal. Saturday’s slaughter makes it clear that the time is long since past when the United States should stop using U.S. companies’ arms sales and defense of the Iran deal as reasons to continue to help Saudi Sunnis slaughter Yemenis, even if they are supported to a degree by Iran. A lethal attack on a funeral is simply an atrocity that qualifies as a war crime. The United States should disassociate itself from Saudi war-making quickly: Cancel the contracts if that is what is required to end U.S. involvement in this war. Meet the Editorial Board Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Southwest Airlines Reaches Contract Extension For Appearance Technicians News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. Oct 10, 2016, 19:33 ET Share this article DALLAS, Oct. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) and the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association (AMFA) announced today that they have agreed to terms on a tentative agreement for the Company's more than 200 Aircraft Appearance Technicians, the group primarily responsible for aircraft detailing and appearance care services. AMFA representatives will be communicating the provisions of the proposed 5-year extension agreement in the coming days. "I want to commend both Negotiating Teams for their work in getting us to this point," said Landon Nitschke, Southwest Airlines Vice President Maintenance Operations. "This agreement enhances pay and benefits for our Employees, and it supports the Company's long-term strategic business plan." "The AMFA NEC is proud of the Local Airline Representatives and their commitment and dedication of what they have done to get this agreement. The AMFA NEC provides the affected Members the opportunity to express their opinion by a vote," said Bret Oestreich, AMFA National Director. If approved, this extension will run through February 2021 and replace the current collective bargaining agreement that becomes amendable in February 2017. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 52,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest operates more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season across a network of 98 destinations in the United States and seven additional countries with service to Cuba expected to begin later this year, subject to governmental approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as more than 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency℠, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what's important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 43 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-reaches-contract-extension-for-appearance-technicians-300342238.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com Oct 11, 2016, 06:30 ET Preview: Southwest Airlines Reports September Traffic Oct 04, 2016, 12:24 ET Preview: Southwest Airlines Offers Domestic Fares Starting As Low As $49 One-Way And International Fares As Low As $99 One-Way To Select Destinations! My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 13:00 ETSouthwest Airlines Begins Cuba Service Nonstop From Ft.... Nov 10, 2016, 15:08 ETSouthwest Airlines Honored Among Military Friendly® Employers Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Travel Industry Contracts You just read: Southwest Airlines Reaches Contract Extension For Appearance Technicians News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. Oct 10, 2016, 19:33 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Local News Opinion Business Sports Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us E-Edition Apps & Mobile Newsletters Subscribe Contests About Us News News Beaufort Gazette Bluffton Packet Special Reports Databases Local Traffic Crime & Public Safety Business Politics & Elections Military South Carolina Nation & World Lottery Results Blog: Untamed Lowcountry Photo blog: Lowcountry Lens Sports Sports College Golf RBC Heritage Recreation High School MLB NFL NBA Outdoors Columnists Jeff Shain Cast & Blast Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Real Estate Technology Full Stock Listings Market Summaries Mutual Funds Treasury Rates New Employee/Promotion Form New Business Owner Form Living Living Celebrations Religion Food & Drink Family Outdoors Holidays Columnists Lowcountry Gardening Made With Love Faith in Action Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Local Events Events Calendar Holidays & Seasonal Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Columnists Mindy Lucas Opinion Opinion Editorials Other Views Readers Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter National Voices Editorial Cartoons Columnists David Lauderdale Liz Farrell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Classifieds Legal Notices Special Sections Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Hurricane October 10, 2016 7:43 PM Which Sea Pines’ landmarks weathered the hurricane? facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:42 What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? Pause 0:35 Aerial view of Harbour Town's Yacht Basin, 18th green 4:18 Reporter walks through Coligny Beach Park after Hurricane Matthew 2:52 Surveying Hilton Head Plantation by boat 8:45 Reporter surveys damage in Hilton Head neighborhood 5:30 Reporter provides a look at Sea Pines Beach post-Matthew 2:05 She slept through Matthew in Sea Pines, but 'when I woke up, it was bedlam' 1:24 First look: Surveying the Bluffton Promenade in Old Town Bluffton after Matthew 1:32 'It just started flowing wildly': Port Royal Plantation resident describes road collapse after Matthew 3:44 Flooding updates from Hilton Head's Legendary mini golf Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email After the road to Harbour Town in Sea Pines was finally cleared of debris on Monday, Oct. 10, 2016, the Island Packet took a tour around the yacht basin with CSA president Bret Martin. Jay Karr The Island Packet facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:42 What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? Pause 0:35 Aerial view of Harbour Town's Yacht Basin, 18th green 4:18 Reporter walks through Coligny Beach Park after Hurricane Matthew 2:52 Surveying Hilton Head Plantation by boat 8:45 Reporter surveys damage in Hilton Head neighborhood 2:05 She slept through Matthew in Sea Pines, but 'when I woke up, it was bedlam' 1:24 First look: Surveying the Bluffton Promenade in Old Town Bluffton after Matthew 1:32 'It just started flowing wildly': Port Royal Plantation resident describes road collapse after Matthew 3:48 A first look at damage to Harbour Town caused by Hurricane Matthew 3:44 Flooding updates from Hilton Head's Legendary mini golf Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email A look at beach erosion by Sea Pines Beach Club. The club looks good as new, but there is damage to the beach dunes. Erin Heffernan via Facebook eheffernan@islandpacket.com A biker threads his way through the storm debris left by last week's Hurricane Matthew at Harbour Town on Oct. 10, 2016. The hurricane hit Hilton Head as a Category 2 storm in the early morning hours of Saturday, Oct. 8, 2016. Jay Karr jkarr@islandpacket.com Debris from Hurricane Matthew lays scattered across the entrance to Harbour Town Yacht Basin on Oct. 10, 2016. Hurricane Matthew hit Hilton Head as a Category 2 storm in the early morning hours of Saturday, Oct. 8, 2016. Jay Karr jkarr@islandpacket.com In this still from a video, standing water is still prevalent at Heritage Farms in Sea Pines caused by Hurricane Matthew as seen on Sunday in this aerial coverage provided by Coast Guard Air Station Savannah piloted by Lt. Commander Michael Gillham. Drew Martin Staff video A large pine tree felled by Hurricane Matthew ended up atop the playground equipment in the Greg Russell Playground at Harbour Town on Hilton Head Island. Jay Karr jkarr@islandpacket.com 1 of 6 i By Erin Heffernan eheffernan@islandpacket.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Hurricane Matthew left thousands of downed trees in Sea Pines, making it difficult for recovery crews to assess the community’s iconic landmarks that are loved by residents and visitors alike. Monday, a reporter with The Island Packet and The Beaufort Gazette was able to visit several of the sites: ▪  Harbour Town Lighthouse: The striped lighthouse, Hilton Head’s best-known landmark, appears unaffected. But it has not yet been assessed for structural damage, according to Community Services Associates, which manages Sea Pines.   ▪  Gregg Russell Harbour Town Playground: A large tree at the center of the popular place for children to play at Harbour Town fell in the storm and is lying across the playground equipment. ▪  Harbour Town shops: There does not seem to be any flooding or major damage to any of the shops. ▪  Harbour Town’s Liberty Oak: The tree that shades the performance space for popular family entertainer Gregg Russell does not appear to have any significant damage. ▪  Harbour Town Golf Links: The course, site of the annual RBC Heritage Presented by Boeing, will need some significant cleanup. There are downed trees and debris along the course. The storm surge during Matthew did not wash onto the course’s iconic oceanside 18th hole, so no saltwater seems to have damaged the area. Most recovery will be tree and debris removal.   ▪  Sea Pines Beach Club: There is no structural damage to the new Sea Pines Beach Club. But the dunes on the beach have been significantly eroded, according to the CSA.   ▪  Salty Dog Cafe: Tree removal crews are still unable to access the popular tourist spot. ▪  Heritage Farm: The site, composed of residents’ garden plots, had extensive flooding during the storm. ▪  Lawton Stables: The stables, known for its pony rides, petting zoo and one giant Clydesdale named Harley, appear undamaged. Harley, the trail horses and other animals were evacuated Oct. 5.   Erin Heffernan: 843-706-8142, @IPBG_Erinh Related content A first look at damage to Harbour Town caused by Hurricane Matthew Reporter provides a look at Sea Pines Beach post-Matthew Some Sea Pines residents can’t go home LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Hurricane Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:23 Taste of Waddell — Mariculture Center's major fundraiser Pause 0:58 Slurpin' 'em down at Hilton Head Oyster Festival 0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours 1:28 Flying with the Packet and Gazette: Kite Day on Hilton Head 2:42 What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? 1:02 How to shuck an oyster 0:35 Aerial view of Harbour Town's Yacht Basin, 18th green 2:44 Spades strike history in Galilee 1:11 Holy Trinity's Feed the Need effort to help the hurricane victims in Haiti 1:18 Pregnant woman takes 'extra' precautions against Zika Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Come fly a kite with us! (Here's how) 1:28 3 days ago Come fly a kite with us! (Here's how) 2:49 9 days ago Beaufort County schools change Hurricane Matthew makeup days, again 4:56 10 days ago 'This was my house': Some Palmetto Bay Marina boat owners now homeless View more video Looking for this? Live traffic cameras Latest BCDC arrests New! Property transfers HS football scores Restaurant inspections NEW! Puzzles & Games Local/state salaries HHI's best 18 golf holes 2016 election news BCSD bus routes SPORTS: Tap an icon, or here for more scores: High school | College | NFL PGA | LPGA | Web.com | European | Champions Click/tap here for print-style late scores Looking for box scores and other late results in print format? We've got you covered if you're looking for box scores and other late sports results that missed the printed newspaper because of early deadlines. One option is to click the icons above for sports scores and stats from our partners at Stats.com. If you prefer traditional print agate, our Sports Extra pages, formatted like traditional printed sports results, are for you. To find the Sports Extra: Open either The Island Packet or The Beaufort Gazette e-Edition (free to print and digital subscribers) and look for the Sports Extra icon () in the top menu. If you're using an iPhone or other smartphone, or an iPad in portrait view, you'll find the Sports Extra pages in the menu at the upper right (look for the symbol). Close Hurricane What we know about Hilton Head, a month after Matthew How will Hilton Head cover estimated $55 million in Hurricane Matthew bills? Find out where you can harvest shellfish in Beaufort County after Hurricane Matthew Beaufort County to remove debris from many private communities. Is yours one of them? Hilton Head beach renourishment moving forward after Matthew Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Front Page Login   | Create Account Logout  |   Profile   |  Subscribe Follow Login New Account Logout Profile Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations ON WALL STREET Stocks higher after oil soars 3% 'You have more clarity from the U.S. election' Published: 10/10/2016 at 4:22 PM (CNBC) — Stocks closed higher on Monday, led by energy, following the second presidential debate while investors digested a rise in oil prices. “It’s a quiet day,” said Craig Sterling, head of U.S. equity research at Pioneer Investments. “Putin came out earlier and was more constructive on energy and that was it.” “I don’t expect a lot more until we get more macro news,” he said. The Dow Jones industrial average rose about 88 points, with Apple and Boeing contributing the most gains, after gaining 159.47 points at session highs. “You have more clarity from the U.S. election, with the uncertainty from that heading lower; you’ve got less uncertainty from OPEC, and that’s bullish for stocks,” said Adam Sarhan, CEO of Sarhan Capital. Read the full story › Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2016. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Account Jobs Shop Events Awards Webinars Advertise Search this site: Advanced Search Rotor & Wing Get Rotor & Wing Updates! The Business Resource of Rotorcraft Management Join us on: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn View Cart DecisionBriefs Personal/Corporate All Personal/Corporate Stories Executive Transport Personal A/C Commercial All Commercial Stories EMS Offshore Tourism Observation/Patrol ENG Logging/Heavylift Utility/Other Charter Management/Air Taxi Technology Operator Profile Military All Military Stories Attack Utility Scout/Observation Medical Heavylift C-SAR Special Ops VIP/Head of State Department of Defense Unmanned Procurement/Acquisitions Unit Profile Public Service All Public Service Stories Police Fire Medical Disaster Relief Humanitarian SAR FAA NTSB EASA Other Government Agencies Training All Training Stories Ratings Turbine Degree Programs Specialty Maintenance Simulators Military SMS Standards/Regulations Training News Products All Products Stories Engines Airframes Avionics/Instruments Components & Accessories Mission Equipment Tools & Equipment Replacement Parts Rotor Blades Interiors Night Vision Operators' Choice Readers' Choice Services All Services Stories Overhaul & Repair Maintenance Finance & Insurance Certification Flight Testing Data Monitoring Modifications Completions Operators Dealers, Distributors & Brokers Other Subscribe Digital Edition Change Address   -T / T / +T | Comment(s) Monday, October 10, 2016 Helos 'Critical Assets' in Hurricane Relief   S.L. Fuller The cyclone named Matthew has been downgraded from a hurricane but remains dangerous as it moves east into the Atlantic. Matthew ravaged territory from the Caribbean to North Carolina last week. At its peak on the first of the month, Matthew reached a Category 5 hurricane level in the Caribbean Sea en route to Haiti. President Barack Obama signed emergency declarations for Florida, Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. News outlets report that the death toll in Haiti hit 1,000 on Monday, while over 20 people have died across four states in the U.S. Nine helicopters, including Sikorsky CH-53 Sea Stallions and Boeing Ch-47 Chinooks, have made their way down to Haiti, carrying members of a U.S. military task force to facilitate aid efforts, according to the Department of Defense. Due to Haiti’s terrain, the Pentagon called helicopters a “critical asset” in these operations. Other agencies agree as news outlets report that the U.S. Coast Guard used at least one MH-60 Jayhawk to transport civilians, while the Louisiana National Guard deployed two Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawks and two Airbus Helicopter UH-72 Lakotas to help with efforts in Florida and South Carolina. A South Carolina National Guard's CH-47F Chinook delivers water and food for Hurricane Matthew response efforts. Photo courtesy of the U.S. Army National Guard Related News            Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertise with us Rotorcraft Jobs Search Jobs: Browse all jobs Post jobs Post Resume View Resumes Most Read Most Commented On This Month’s Cover 40 Years Retrospective: It's Been a Wild Ride Panel to Focus on Most Daunting Certification Challenges 2008 Buyer’s Guide Directory Listings: Directory New TSO Pacts Promise Manufacturers Big Benefits GoPro Unveils Camera Drone In Bid to Save Stock Prices EASA Revision of SPI Regulation Continues Chart: What Industries Will Drones Revolutionize? Avionics Magazine :: RVSM Avionics: Down to the Wire Celebrating St Michael's Day: AAAA Honors Army Aviators Do you receive The Rotorcraft Collective? This biweekly e-letter features an in-depth stories, top news, and our career center highlights. Sign up now and stay up-to-date about all the happenings in the rotorcraft world. Sign-up now for The Rotorcraft Collective, it's free!     Topics Personal/Corporate Commercial Military Public Service Training Products Services Resources Job Center Webinars Store Press Releases Rotor & Wing-Branded Products Military Insider Eletter The Collective Heli-Expo Show Day Heli-Tech Show Day Company Profiles Executive Outlook & Annual Reports More Info Advertise Contact Subscribe/Renew Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reuse/Reprints Site Map Privacy Policy © 2016, Access Intelligence, LLC. All rights reserved. Learn more about licensing or reproducing content on this site. Search:    Advanced Search Email Print Follow Join us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Live chat by BoldChat
Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Aircraft Heavy Maintenance Visit - Market Trends and Forecasts: Technavio 10.10.2016 | 18:03 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Aircraft Heavy Maintenance Visit - Market Trends and Forecasts: Technavio Technavio's latest report on the globalaircraft heavy maintenance visit (HMV) marketprovides an analysis on the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2016-2020. Technavio defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline. Avimanyu Basu, a lead analyst from Technavio, specializing in research on aerospace components sector, says, "The original equipment manufacturers in the aviation industry are shifting their focus from supplying of components to providing aftermarket services that include parts manufacture approval components as well as maintenance services." Airlines offer maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) operations in the market with an aim to develop more opportunities for airline operators, resulting in high revenue passenger kilometer (RPK). Though APAC holds great potential for MRO facilities, the region is challenged with shortage of skilled labor and wage inflation. The HMV market is globalizing at a fast pace owing to the growing number of MRO facilities in emerging countries like India, South America, and China. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=53282 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. The top three emerging trends driving the global aircraft HMV marketaccording to Technavio aerospace and defense research analysts are: Trend toward block maintenance Use of energy harvester modules for maintenance operations Robotized maintenance assistance reducing cost and man hour Trend toward block maintenance "For a wide-body airplane like the B747, the number of scheduled maintenance tasks are extensive, and in particular, for higher C and D checks. These intensive checks require the airplane to be grounded for maintenance for several weeks, which is a loss for the airlines," adds Avimanyu. The block or phase maintenance can be a solution by dividing the higher checks into segmented blocks or phases. A typical phase check provides a thorough visual inspection and operational or functional checks of specified components and systems. Each check includes the requirements of low check A and B, and some part of C and D checks, at required task intervals. Phase checks are carried out at 200-800 flight-hour intervals, which depends upon the packaging plan of work and airline operating variables. Use of energy harvester modules for maintenance operations One of the major challenges of aircraft maintenance operations is the loss of productivity due to inspection of the healthy section of the aircraft. This reflects higher maintenance cost and in turn, a much expensive HMV. Detection of minute cracks as well as visible dents are quite challenging on carbon-based materials unlike aluminum. The use of energy autonomous sensors, free of electrical wiring, which closely monitors the airframe structure can be a possible solution. A team of researchers from Vienna University of Technology, Austria working closely with EADS Germany developed a technology which can detect the mentioned faults. The technology involves effectual energy autonomous sensors placed in close contact with the airframe. The sensors are equipped with a small water tank for thermal energy storage. Once the aircraft is airborne, the system harvests energy through the temperature difference between the sub-zero temperature outside and the ground temperature of the water tank. Robotized maintenance assistance reducing cost and man hour In an aircraft engine, the blades in compressors and turbines experience high stress levels while converting fluid energy into mechanical energy. In the process, the blades are subjected to wear due to vibration, friction, or by erosion from dust and sand particles. Also, sometimes during hard landings large objects collide with the blades. This causes the blade components made of titanium- or nickel-alloy steels to bend or crack, which obstruct the flow of air resulting in higher fuel consumption. Blades are expensive objects and repairing a blade is almost 50% less expensive than acquiring a new one. The top vendors are as follows: Airbus Aviation Technical Services (ATS) Boeing Lufthansa Technik Browse Related Reports: Global Military Helicopter MRO Market 2016-2020 Global Commercial Aircraft Carbon Brakes Market 2016-2020 Global Aircraft Component MRO Market 2015-2019 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161010005333/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

null
Monday, October 10, 2016  |  Muharram 9, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism MRJ has high hopes but higher US hurdles to overcome October 10, 2016 Updated: October 10, 2016 06:06 PM Related Canada’s biggest airline gains lift as earnings top estimates New $40bn stealth fighter jet built in Japan on the cards Mitsubishi’s jet set for push into Middle East First new jetliner built by Japan in decades may be delayed Jet maker hopes it’s third time lucky for new Japanese plane Mitsubishi’s new regional jetliner has already gained orders from American short-haul operators. But if it wants to secure a share of the US market, there are several problems to solve, Richard Smith reports Although the MRJ finally arrived in the United States for testing last month, after two aborted attempts, not all is rosy. For the moment, the MRJ’s biggest concern is trying to gain appeal in the US regional jet market, says Vinay Bhaskara, a senior business analyst at the Miami-based Airways News. "Mitsubishi needs relaxation of ‘scope clauses’ in the United States on the weight side [the MRJ is currently too heavy for existing scope clauses] as well as on the seat capacity side," he says. Unique to the US, a scope clause is part of a contract between an airline and a pilot union that limits the weight and capacity of regional aircraft. The idea is protectionist – the mainline carriers do not want regional airlines flying larger aircraft. If regionals do not have the weight and seating limits, they can add larger aircraft and undercut mainline aircraft economics, according to Air Insight, a commercial aviation consultancy. The current capacity limit in most US scope clauses is 76 seats. The capacity restriction can be circumvented by re-configuring the MRJ90 to have, say, 10 larger first-class seats to fit the 76-seat limit, Mr Bhaskara says. However, the MRJ is offered as all-economy, meaning a real-world configuration of at least 80 to 82 seats Most scope clauses also contain restrictions on maximum take-off weight (MTOW), which for the MRJ family ranges from 39,600 to 42,800 kilos. The current limit in most US scope clauses is 39,009kg. "But the weight restriction is impossible to game, so Mitsubishi has been banking on a relaxation of scope clauses for a while now," Mr Bhaskara adds, as are its US customers SkyWest and Trans States Holdings. However, Mitsubishi may be looking at taking some weight out of the MRJ90 to get in under the scope clause, he says. "That should be achievable relatively easily with the standard model MRJ90 – Mitsubishi only needs to take out about 500kg of weight." It will probably have to. Winning concessions on scope clauses looks unlikely, he says. "The market dynamics are tilting towards pilots who are emboldened by a unionised labour structure and a looming pilot shortage." In addition, Edward Bourlet, a senior analyst for CLSA Japan, believes the MRJ’s builders have refrained from using much carbon fibre and have generally been conservative with technology. That could also come back to haunt the aircraft maker. "Taking lower risk with technology for the sake of reliability at this stage means the MRJ’s superior efficiency may be short-lived," he says. Mitsubishi Aircraft Company begs to differ. The company has applied composite material on the tail assembly but decided not to do so on the wings or fuselage, Mac spokeswoman Miho Takahashi says. Fuselage damage can occur while the aircraft is on the ground, particularly when loading cargo, so making the MRJ fuselage in composite would necessitate thickening the parts near the doors, Ms Takahashi says. "For an aircraft the size of the MRJ, doing so would cause weight merit loss," she says. Adding to Mitsubishi’s problems, the standard model’s maximum range is only about 2,000 kilometres, which translates into a real-world range of about 1,500km. That might be sufficient in the Japanese market but it will not appeal greatly in the much bigger US, Mr Bhaskara says. "So that pushes Mitsubishi on to the harder problem of pulling nearly two tonnes of weight from the extended range version [to produce a still-anaemic 2,100km to 2,400km of real-world range], or close to four tonnes from the long-range version," he says. By contrast, the standard version of Embraer’s newest regional jet, the E170, with 70 to 78 seats, has a range of just under 4,000km and an MTOW of 38,790kg, it says. A further issue is the fact that, from an investor’s standpoint, the MRJ is, as are all new aircraft projects, capital intensive and risky – and in this case really not necessary, Mr Bourlet says. Mitsubishi’s aerospace division would do just fine by continuing to supply components to Boeing, he says. "But in some ways it’s a national project, involving government financing, with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries the vessel." On the plus side, getting into the business of making passenger jets will give MHI increased leverage in the aviation industry, says the Ireland-based expert Eamonn Fingleton, who has published three books on the economies of east Asian countries. "Not all the components by any means will be made in Japan, so Mitsubishi will be courted by suppliers in [South] Korea, Taiwan, China as well in the United States, the UK, France, Germany and, of course, Canada," Mr Fingleton says. Japanese firms such as Mitsubishi and Kawasaki, through their heavy industry units, have been providing products to Boeing for the past two to three decades, developing wings and even fuselage components for the US jet maker, Mr Bhaskara adds. That exposure to sector-leading manufacturing, planning and technologies has given them the ability to quickly spool up and build their own world-class airliner, he says. "And the MRJ, despite its uneven development process, is truly a modern western airliner in all but locale." business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Canada’s biggest airline gains lift as earnings top estimates New $40bn stealth fighter jet built in Japan on the cards Mitsubishi’s jet set for push into Middle East First new jetliner built by Japan in decades may be delayed More Aviation Air Arabia third-quarter profit lifted by passenger gains Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Honda plans to increase business jet production Jet Airways income edges up MOST VIEWED Business | All Renault faces criminal inquiry over emissions cheating suspicions Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination Dubai Parks operator aims to lift revenue as costs rise India’s currency move will hit property and gold Basking in the glow of Egypt’s devaluation Head of GE Oil & Gas says oil industry cuts not done yet Trump looms large over World Economic Forum event in Dubai More Most Viewed American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi 2018 Africa World Cup qualifying: Chelsea pair Victor Moses and John Obi Mikel on target for Nigeria Louvre Abu Dhabi announces first contemporary art installations Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism Girl, 16, trafficked to Dubai and forced into prostitution, court hears Trump win means ‘more Israeli settlements, fewer rights for Palestinians’ Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
null
Monday, October 10, 2016  |  Muharram 9, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism An engineer examines a small model mock up of the Pratt & Whitney geared turbofan engine on display at a manufacturing plant in Singapore. Wallace Woon / EPA Jet-engine maker Pratt the butt of $10bn dollar jokes Bloomberg October 10, 2016 Updated: October 10, 2016 03:54 PM Related New A320s for biggest Thai budget airline as profits go stratospheric Boeing profit beats estimates as Dreamliner becomes cheaper to make Airbus and Boeing jet engine maker forecasts higher profit for the year Boeing wins $18.6 billion deal as Qatar Airways takes first 737 Max jetliner US jet engine maker rebuffs criticism from Qatar Airways Topics: Qatar Airways Airbus Boeing It is rarely a good sign when you become the butt of jokes. But that is what happened to Pratt & Whitney at an industry gathering recently, when John Leahy, the chief salesman of Airbus, was talking about a futuristic airplane – with an engine that "no doubt will be delivered late". While the audience was amused, Pratt surely was not. It has spent US$10 billion and decades developing the quieter, more-efficient and less-polluting engine (see video below). Executives see the product as critical to catching up to its rival General Electric (GE) in the market to power narrow-body planes, the dominant aircraft used by airlines around the world. Instead, the engine’s debut has been marred by production delays, technical issues and supply-chain foul-ups. Qatar Airways last week cited the problems while announcing plans to buy planes powered exclusively by GE turbines. Pratt was forced to cut promised deliveries this year by 25 per cent, frustrating some airlines and plane manufacturers counting on them. "This is their big play to get back on single-aisles," said Cai Von Rumohr, an analyst at Cowen & Co. "This is the one that’s going to have to happen if they’re going to be a player in large commercial engines." The company has characterised the production issues as "teething" problems typical to new technology. The president Bob Leduc said complaints were overblown, and the engines in service have been reliable while meeting promises of 16 per cent better fuel efficiency, 75 per cent noise reduction and 50 per cent less emissions. "The engine is as we advertised, period," he said. Pratt has about 8,200 orders for the product. This year, the new engine, known as a geared turbofan, debuted in commercial service on the 180-seat Airbus A320neo (the "neo" standing for "new engine option"). Engine list price is more than $10 million apiece, say analysts. But production issues led Pratt to revise its delivery schedule. Last month it said it would deliver only 150 engines this year, to plane makers such as Airbus and Bombardier, down from the 200 it had earlier pledged. One of the sharpest blows came last week when Qatar Airways made good on a threat to buy competitors to the A320neo over concerns about the delays. the combative chief executive Akbar Al Baker, a vocal critic of Pratt’s engine issues, said his carrier would order as many as 100 Boeing 737 Max jets to "mitigate our risk" on the Airbus plane. He stressed the reliability of Boeing’s jet, which use engines from CFM International, a joint venture of GE and France’s Safran. Pratt’s delays have forced Airbus to alter its delivery schedule, substituting 20 A320 jets with older engines in place of newer models, according to Douglas Harned, a Bernstein analyst. An Airbus representative said the company would hand over more older-version A320s this year "to make up for any shortfall on A320neo deliveries" but did not specify the number of planes. The engine problems "appear significant with path to resolution currently unclear", Mr Harned said. Pratt declined to discuss its plans to improve production processes. Delays also forced Bombardier to halve projected 2016 deliveries of its marquee C Series jetliner. The company has a deal to use Pratt engines exclusively on the plane. "This is very disappointing," said Alain Bellemare, Bombardier’s chief executive. But Mr Bellemare praised the engine’s core technology: "I’m still very pleased that we made that choice. It’s the best engine available out there today for commercial aircraft." Pratt’s rivalry with GE remains fierce. GE’s Leap engine, the other option on the A320neo, debuted this year and achieves fuel savings largely through advanced materials. A320neo customers have picked GE’s engine about 54 per cent of the time, and Pratt the rest, according to data from Ascend Flightglobal Consultancy. More than one-third of A320neo orders have not announced an engine choice yet, leaving plenty of sales up for grabs. The Pratt engine’s technical advances have contributed to some of the production problems. The aluminum-titanium fan blades are particularly complex, taking about 60 days to manufacture when they need to take half that time, said Gregory Hayes, the chief executive of United Technologies, Pratt’s parent. The company is "still struggling to come down the learning curve", he said. Pratt remains resolute, recently announcing plans to hire as many as 25,000 new workers in the next decade to work down the backlog. And joking aside, Mr Leahy is standing behind the company. "I have faith that Pratt will solve" the issues, he said after poking fun at the engine delays. "It is disappointing the situation we find ourselves in but it’s a good engine from everything we can see." business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related New A320s for biggest Thai budget airline as profits go stratospheric Boeing profit beats estimates as Dreamliner becomes cheaper to make Airbus and Boeing jet engine maker forecasts higher profit for the year Boeing wins $18.6 billion deal as Qatar Airways takes first 737 Max jetliner More Aviation Air Arabia third-quarter profit lifted by passenger gains Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Honda plans to increase business jet production Jet Airways income edges up MOST VIEWED Business | All Renault faces criminal inquiry over emissions cheating suspicions Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination Dubai Parks operator aims to lift revenue as costs rise India’s currency move will hit property and gold Basking in the glow of Egypt’s devaluation Head of GE Oil & Gas says oil industry cuts not done yet Trump looms large over World Economic Forum event in Dubai More Most Viewed American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi 2018 Africa World Cup qualifying: Chelsea pair Victor Moses and John Obi Mikel on target for Nigeria Louvre Abu Dhabi announces first contemporary art installations Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism Girl, 16, trafficked to Dubai and forced into prostitution, court hears Trump win means ‘more Israeli settlements, fewer rights for Palestinians’ Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae

null
Bangkok Post Top sections News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning More The world's window on Thailand | Log in Sign up Web search MENU Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Everything News & article Image VDO Forum Directory Calendar Jobs Archive Advanced search ARCHIVE Regional rail contender 10 Oct 2016 at 14:31 Copy text Save PDF Email Print text This year's InnoTrans exhibition in Berlin attracted 144,470 trade visitors from more than 140 countries. Photos: Prangthong Jitcharoenkul The rail technology leader Bombardier is seeking a stronger presence in Asia through its headquarters in Bangkok, says the company's vice-president for Asia Pacific. The content shown above is only a small part of the full content, which we reserve for Bangkok Post digital archive subscription members. Please log in or subscribe below to get the full content. Digital archive subscription Log in Content information Writer Prangthong Jitcharoenkul Published date on website 10 Oct 2016 Last updated date 10 Oct 2016 Copyrights Bangkok Post Disclaimer Did you find what you were looking for? Have you got some comments for us? News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2016 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg Pratt Stumbles in $10 Billion Bid to Dethrone GE in Jet Engines Rick Clough October 10, 2016 — 5:00 AM EDT Updated on October 10, 2016 — 9:49 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Geared turbofan’s production woes hurt Airbus, Bombardier Boeing cashes in as Qatar Air seeks to ‘mitigate our risk’ Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp It’s rarely a good sign when you become the butt of jokes. But that’s what happened to Pratt & Whitney at an industry gathering recently, when John Leahy, the venerable chief salesman of Airbus Group SE, went on about a futuristic airplane -- with an engine that “no doubt will be delivered late.” While the audience was amused, Pratt surely wasn’t. It’s spent $10 billion and decades developing the quieter, more-efficient and less-polluting engine. Executives see the product as critical to catching up to rival General Electric Co. in the market to power narrow-body planes, the dominant aircraft used by airlines around the world. Instead, the engine’s debut has been marred by production delays, technical issues and supply-chain foul-ups. Qatar Airways last week cited the problems while announcing plans to buy planes powered exclusively by GE turbines. Pratt was forced to cut promised deliveries this year by 25 percent, frustrating some airlines and plane manufacturers counting on them. The troubles have dinged the stock of parent United Technologies Corp., as Pratt’s $14 billion in sales accounts for about one-quarter of its revenue. “This is their big play to get back on single-aisles,” said Cai Von Rumohr, an analyst at Cowen & Co. “This is the one that’s going to have to happen if they’re going to be a player in large commercial engines.” ‘Teething’ Problems The company has characterized the production issues as “teething” problems typical to new technology. President Bob Leduc told Bloomberg in June that complaints were overblown, saying the engines in service have been reliable while meeting promises of 16 percent better fuel efficiency, 75 percent noise reduction and 50 percent less emissions. “The engine is as we advertised, period,” he said. Pratt has about 8,200 orders for the product. Founded in 1925, Pratt has a storied history, supplying engines to early planes and later for fighters in World War II. In the 1970s Pratt was the leader in selling engines for large passenger planes. But its position slipped in the 1980s when it miscalculated the market. Cuts Noise By the end of that decade, Pratt engineers began work on technology to slow the engine’s fan speed, which cuts noise and can improve efficiency. This year, the new engine, known as a geared turbofan, debuted in commercial service on the 180-seat Airbus A320neo (the “neo” standing for “new engine option”). Engine list price: more than $10 million apiece, say analysts. But production issues led Pratt to revise its delivery schedule. Last month it said it would deliver only 150 engines this year, to planemakers such as Airbus and Bombardier Inc., down from the 200 it had earlier pledged. One of the sharpest blows came Oct. 7 when Qatar Airways made good on a threat to buy competitors to the A320neo over concerns about the delays. Chief Executive Officer Akbar Al Baker, a vocal critic of Pratt’s engine issues, said his carrier would order as many as 100 Boeing Co. 737 Max jets to “mitigate our risk” on the Airbus plane. He stressed the reliability of Boeing’s jet, which use engines from CFM International, a joint venture of GE and France’s Safran SA. United Technologies fell 0.1 percent to $100.49 at 9:35 a.m. Monday in New York after Jason Gursky, an analyst at Citigroup Global Markets Inc., downgraded the shares to neutral from buy. The geared turbofan’s issues will “create customer penalties over the next few years” while crimping growth in cash flow and impeding acquisitions, he said in a note. “It’s going to be tough sledding for a while.” Altered Deliveries Pratt’s delays have forced Airbus to alter its delivery schedule, substituting 20 A320 jets with older engines in place of newer models, according to Douglas Harned, a Bernstein analyst. An Airbus representative said the company would hand over more older-version A320s this year “to make up for any shortfall on A320neo deliveries” but didn’t specify the number of planes. The engine problems “appear significant with path to resolution currently unclear,” Harned wrote in a note. Pratt declined to discuss its plans to improve production processes. Delays also forced Bombardier to halve projected 2016 deliveries of its marquee C Series jetliner. The company has a deal to use Pratt engines exclusively on the plane. “This is very disappointing,” Alain Bellemare, Bombardier’s CEO, said in a speech. But even after the various issues, Bellemare couldn’t muster bad words for the engine’s core technology: “I’m still very pleased that we made that choice. It’s the best engine available out there today for commercial aircraft.” GE Rivalry Pratt’s rivalry with GE remains fierce. GE’s Leap engine, the other option on the A320neo, debuted this year and achieves fuel savings largely through advanced materials. A320neo customers have picked GE’s engine about 54 percent of the time, and Pratt the rest, according to data from Ascend Flightglobal Consultancy. More than one-third of A320neo orders have not announced an engine choice yet, leaving plenty of sales up for grabs. The engine’s technical advances have contributed to some of the production problems. The aluminum-titanium fan blades are particularly complex, taking about 60 days to manufacture when they need to take half that time, Gregory Hayes, CEO of Farmington, Connecticut-based United Technologies, said in a presentation last month. The company is “still struggling to come down the learning curve,” he said. The introduction of new technology is bound to have glitches, experts and industry leaders say. For that reason, Hungarian low-cost carrier Wizz Air intentionally scheduled deliveries several years down the line to allow time for kinks to be worked out, according to CEO Jozsef Varadi. Sorted Out “I think by the time we start taking deliveries this will all get sorted,” he said in a recent interview. Wizz, which last year firmed up an order for 110 of the A321neo, targeted 2019 because “we don’t want to be associated with this mess.” Pratt remains resolute, recently announcing plans to hire as many as 25,000 new workers in the next decade to work down the backlog. And joking aside, Airbus’s Leahy is standing behind the company. “I have faith that Pratt will solve” the issues, he told reporters after poking fun at the engine delays. “It is disappointing the situation we find ourselves in, but it’s a good engine from everything we can see.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Markets General Electric Co Airbus Group SE Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help

Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics Science Entertainment Pictures Investigations Brexit More Telegraph News Pilots navigate cyclone-strength winds while landing at Melbourne Airport Pilots navigate cyclone-strength winds while landing Play! 00:59 Telegraph Sport, and Storyful 10 October 2016 • 7:42am Pilots faced cyclone-strength wind gusts as they landed at Melbourne Airport on Sunday. The approach to Runway 34 by various airlines was captured on camera during intense storm conditions, affecting much of the state across the weekend, sending down trees and causing power cuts. The footage shows a Boeing 737-800, an Airbus A320-200 and a Dash 8 Q400 land on the tarmac, among others. Strong crosswinds cause tricky landing for Boeing plane at Prague airport Play! 02:41   Follow Telegraph News READ MORE ABOUT: Australia Show more News latest 14 Nov 2016, 4:00am Westworld episode 7 recap: Bernard conspiracy theorists finally get an answer 01:01 14 Nov 2016, 3:47am Live New Zealand earthquake: New tremor hits Christchurch after 7.8 magnitude quake killed two in Wellington 14 Nov 2016, 3:25am First woman to fly China's J-10 fighter killed in crash 14 Nov 2016, 2:55am Comment: If you love an animal, you set yourself up for heartbreak Jane Shilling Premium 14 Nov 2016, 12:39am Ivana Trump tells Donald to make her US Ambassador to Czech Republic  01:12 14 Nov 2016, 12:14am Donald Trump's first television interview: deporting illegal immigrants, building the wall and considering locking up Hillary Clinton  14 Nov 2016, 12:01am The Pity of War: the Loves and Lives of the War Poets: a poignant reminder of Wilfred Owen's reportage: review 4 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Theresa May says Donald's Trump's victory shows why Britain needs to control immigration 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Brexit Britain should lead the way by banning mass antibiotic use in agriculture, says top doctors 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Chocolate fans paying TWICE as much for small boxes, Which? warns  14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Sin taxes on alcohol and tobacco have cost the Treasury more than £31 billion, analysis finds 13 Nov 2016, 11:51pm Police animals do not need to be given same legal status as officers injured on duty, Government suggests 13 Nov 2016, 11:37pm Ministers accused of 'fiddling' with Army reservist figures to hit ambitious recruitment target 13 Nov 2016, 11:09pm Comment: Donald Trump and Nigel Farage - the picture that says it all about 2016 Tim Stanley Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:53pm Glenn Close's big comeback pays off with first West End theatre award at 69 13 Nov 2016, 10:47pm Comment: President Trump is not going to be the ogre some fear, but we need to mend fences – I can help with that  Nigel Farage Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:35pm Spaniard jailed for destroying Neolithic cave to make an animal shelter  13 Nov 2016, 10:26pm Ministers accused of 'fiddling figures' to hit ambitious Army Reserve target 13 Nov 2016, 10:24pm Donald Trump picks establishment favourite Reince Priebus as his chief of staff - but Steve Bannon will be his 'equal' as chief strategist 13 Nov 2016, 10:00pm Comment: The Unlikely Lads: The picture that defines 2016 Tim Stanley Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:00pm 'Secret' plans to close A&E departments could put lives at  risk, leading doctors warn If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Processing. Please wait... | Vacancy | Buisnes-partners | Site HELP | Kyrgyzstan | About Us | Our Services | RSS Land transformation. In the wake of the crowd? SDPK: who needs enemies with friends like these? RUS|Old version Moscow time 07:03 site search TODAY NEWS:   Homepage Finances Power EEU Health Election Politics Parliament Economics Society Crossroads Bishkek-24 Crime Incidents Business-info Sports Glance Personas Culture Central Asia C I S ARCHIVE «« « November 2016   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   ECONOMICS Economy.kg: modest yield  More... EEU Elmira Ibraimova: We talked a lot about advantages of EEU, but did nothing to enjoy them  More... CULTURE Unique footage! 89th anniversary of 1st feature film of Kyrgyzstan (video) More... EEU Integration.kg: kicking or not, one has to obey More... ECONOMICS Customs officers and entrepreneurs: who is in the right? More... POWER Constitution as conscience detector More... SOCIETY On the trail of snow leopard (photo) More... POWER Life after power: how former officials settled down abroad More... SOCIETY Civil aviation: flights in dreams and reality� More... POWER MFA vs. OSCE. \"Pish\" in protest More... ECONOMICS What IMF thinks of state debt, inflation and GDP in Kyrgyzstan More... FINANCES Hunting for currency speculators: new fines and rules of game More... SOCIETY Year of History and Culture. Feast in time of plague More... SOCIETY A [-] ������ ������ [+] A SECTION NEWS 14/11/16 06:17   Referendum. Where Kyrgyzstanis can vote in Russia 12/11/16 08:23   Sergey Bykovsky: Sportswear for Muslims costs from $ 30 to $ 90 12/11/16 08:16   Bishkek starts production of Muslim clothing for athletes  12/11/16 07:53   Warning: escape of detainee from police department (photo) 11/11/16 10:32   Protesters at White House demand resignation of Lenin district head (photo) 11/11/16 08:32   Monument to Turdakun Usubaliev unveiled in Bishkek (photo) 11/11/16 07:30   Atom model lighted up in Bishkek 11/11/16 07:07   Amnesty in Kyrgyzstan finishes 11/11/16 06:48   South Korea to allocate millions for development of villages in Kyrgyzstan 11/11/16 06:02   Almazbek Atambayev: There will be no development of country without roads, water and uninterrupted electricity supply  11/11/16 05:38   Kyrgyzstan receives from Russia two mobile laboratories for diagnostics of dangerous infections 10/11/16 10:39   Almazbek Atambayev: It may be necessary to reduce central office of Interior Ministry Civil aviation: flights in dreams and reality   10/10/16 09:06, Bishkek – 24.kg news agency, by Julia KOSTENKO Airlines of Kyrgyzstan still can not get out from the black list of the European Union and extend the boundaries of flights. Their way to Europe is closed. Whether EU has so rigid requirements or domestic aircraft are in such a terrible state that it is not safe to fly by them? Up in the air EU and ICAO black lists include 13 air line companies of Kyrgyzstan. The international organization is concerned about safety of flights. Our rates in this area are low. ICAO audit is conducted in eight directions. At the beginning of 2016, the organization conducted an audit in five areas. As a result, there have been made 128 observations in the following areas: air legislation, the organizational structure of the Civil Aviation Agency, flight operation and readiness of aircrafts, personnel licensing. According to the inspection results, things look black in the qualification and training of technical personnel, the resolution of safety issues, obligations on supervision and inspection. It is also necessary to upgrade the fleet.   The last ICAO audit showed that the situation only worsened in some aspects, but there are positive signs. The improvement was noted in the part of the air law, aviation regulations and airworthiness. Kyrgyzstan knows how it should be according to the rules, but the execution of the laws is lame. Therefore, indices in personnel licensing and flight operations have deteriorated compared with the results of the audit in 2009.  After the check, the Civil Aviation Agency was able to eliminate one discrepancy on PEL aspect (personnel licensing). But this is not enough to withdraw companies from the blacklist. The main recommendation by ICAO: structure of the safety surveillance system must be provided with finance and personnel. Training of the personnel has already begun. Inspectors of CAA will attend training courses in Turkey and France. In addition, Kyrgyzstan was included in a special program of cooperation on the example of Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan. Within it ICAO experts will arrive in the republic to identify weak places in the aviation. This will eliminate inconsistencies with international standards. Where's the money? At the end of 2015, the government of Kyrgyzstan has approved $ 5 increase in fee from passengers at Manas airport. The norm applies only to citizens of Kyrgyzstan and those who depart abroad. Previously, passengers were charged $ 10. The fee is included in the ticket price and, as it was noted in the government, is aimed at improving the airport infrastructure. The deputies of the Parliament offered to transfer a part of the collected funds to CAA. "The black list of the EU and ICAO in the first place indicates that we have a flights safety threat. We have been in the black list of ICAO for 10 years and now we were also included in the EU's black list. This shows that our civil aviation is in a deep crisis. Instead of elimination of the shortcomings, they have only increased - from 67 to 128. But 5-6 of them are very important because they demonstrate not only the safety threat, but also the existence of a threat to human life," the deputy Baktybek Sydykov said. In particular, his comments touched upon the recruitment of personnel. "Standards and ICAO regulations should be a guide to action. They specifically state what qualification an inspector should have. Why to invent? If we have recruited people with humanitarian, philological education, electrical engineers, it is unclear how we will come out from the black list," Baktybek Sydykov said. Aircrafts- in the first place Civil Aviation Agency did not wait until the issue on the transfer of the funds from Manas airport fees would be resolved and asked the government to allocate 55 million soms. That money, as the head of the agency Ermek Omurbekov told to 24.kg news agency, will be spent on personnel training.  Along with the development of the aviation industry, there is a gradual transition of airlines from the Soviet equipment (Tu, Yak aircrafts) to Western aircrafts (Boeing, Airbus). Consequently, the airlines staff should be trained. CAA as the body, responsible for supervision, should also have inspectors with permissions for these types of aircrafts. Agency director says that it is absolutely safe to fly by domestic aircrafts. Number of accidents and emergencies is minimal. "Aircrafts of Kyrgyzstan have valid airworthiness certificates and meet international requirements," Ermek Omurbekov said.  Disasters and accidents, involving aircrafts in Kyrgyzstan  Then, there is a logical question: why the airlines are still on the blacklist. Despite the fact that, according to the International Aviation Committee, Kyrgyzstan ranks last in the CIS by the number of air crashes victims. From 2006 to 2015, there have been recorded 10 air accidents, 2 of which - air crashes. - In 2006, Tu-154 of Kyrgyzstan airline hit the right wing of the American KC-135 tanker during a takeoff at Manas airport. Wing of Tu-154 was damaged, but it has managed to take off. Having made a circle, it made an emergency landing. No harm done.  - In 2008, passenger Boeing-737 of Itek Air airline has crashed. The aircraft tried to make an emergency landing right after departure from Bishkek, but crashed and caught fire at the turn. The survivors were 22 people, 68 were killed, including members of the Kyrgyz volleyball junior team. -In 2011, Tu-134 of Kyrgyzstan airline made a hard landing at Osh airport. At least 18 people turned for medical help, seven of them were hospitalized with injuries of moderate severity. - In 2015, the plane of Avia Traffic Company, coming from Krasnoyarsk, made a hard landing at the airport of Osh and skidded off the runway due to bad weather conditions. At least 153 people were on board, 7 of them were hospitalized.   According to forecasts, by 2018 the Kyrgyz airlines will come out from the black list and will be able to fly to Europe. CAA has made every effort to eliminate the defects, but this is not enough. Airlines themselves must decide for themselves: whether they are ready to invest in the development of aviation. URL: http://www.eng.24.kg/community/182307-news24.html printable version      ��������    ��������   RELATED MATERIALS Exchange rate from 14 November National Bank of Kyrgyz Republic USD 68.8603 EUR 74.9372 RUB 1.0559 KZT 0.2028 UZS 0.0221 Weighted average exchange rate of som on November 11 USD 68.9500 Weather forecast 15.11.2016   night day Bishkek 0...+3 +2...+9 Talas 0...+4 +3...+7 Jalal-Abad -2...+3 +3...+9 Osh -2...+4 +4...+10 Batken 0...+7 +5...+9 Naryn -16...-12 -11...-5 Cholpon-Ata -5...0 +2...+6 GLANCE Official.kg: road making can’t bring glory to anybody CROSSROADS Car accidents. How to cope with the situation? More... QUOTES «We eat the fish, which is bred in a swamp in Kazakhstan. So we can not develop the economy. We need to breed fish properly and pay taxes». Deputy Kozhobek Ryspaev at a meeting of Parliament, November 10, 2016. «Because of some street lights we want to leave three cities without drinking water? ». Deputy Mirlan Bakirov, at a meeting of Parliament on November 10, 2016 DIGEST Kyrgyz president\'s party keeps grip on government amid constitution dispute «Reuters» More... Central Asia Heartened By Trump\'s Russia-Friendly Views «EurasiaNet» More... China passes law to ensure films \'serve the people and socialism\' «The Guardian» More... Kyrgyzstan to Hold Dec. 11 Vote on Boosting PM\'s Powers «VoA» More... Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan Reach Provisional Border Agreements «EurasiaNet» More... Kyrgyzstan airport bomb threat called in \'to stop wife leaving\' «BBC NEWS» More... Kyrgyzstan: Government Notices It Doesn\'t Even Have Constitution «EurasiaNet» More... Russia\'s Syria Policy Upsets Central Asian Muslims «The Diplomat» More... China’s agro sector strategy and impacts on Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan «The Times of Central Asia» More... China Launches 2 Astronauts on Its Longest Space Mission «New York Times» More... counters � "24.kg" News Agency. All rights reserved. All information on this web-site is intended for personal use only and is not a subject to be copied and/or transmitted in any other form other than in reference to the "24.kg" News Agency.
Eco Business Logo Log in / Sign up Subscribe or follow us on: News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand All regions Menu Close Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Publications A-Z Tags About About Us Our Team Contributors Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Contact Us Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand Show all regions Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Home Opinion Carbon & Climate Previous Next The dawn of climate-friendly air travel International aviation representatives recently agreed to an aviation-specific climate agreement. Climate experts Christiana Figueres and Laurence Tubiana share how the sector's growth can be decoupled from carbon emissions. An airplane takes off from Vancouver airport. Global representatives at a recent International Civil Aviation Organization meeting recently agreed to an aviation-specific climate agreement. Image: Matthew Grapengieser, CC BY-SA 2.0 By Christiana Figueres and Laurence Tubiana Monday 10 October 2016 Share this story As the world becomes increasingly interconnected, demand for air travel is growing, with more than 30,000 new large aircraft expected to take to the skies in the next few years. But if we are to sustain growth in air travel without aggravating global warming, we must quickly reduce aviation-related CO2 emissions, which are substantial and not covered by the Paris climate agreement that more than 190 countries agreed to last December. Fortunately, now is the perfect time to decouple aviation emissions from air-travel growth. Representatives from 191 countries convened in Montreal last week for the 39th Session of the United Nations’ International Civil Aviation Organization; after decades of wrangling, they have agreed to an aviation-specific climate agreement. The new ICAO framework aims for “carbon-neutral growth” in international aviation from 2020 onward, and has as its centerpiece a global market-based measure (GMBM) to help airlines affordably cap their net emissions at 2020 levels. When implemented, it will be the first carbon-emissions cap on a global industry that does not noticeably increase costs for consumers. And airlines will purchase emissions reductions from other economic sectors, thus funneling billions of dollars into low-carbon development around the world. For the first six years, the new framework will apply only to flights between countries that have voluntarily adopted it, which means that the ICAO will have to encourage adequate participation for the program to be effective. This opt-in approach has some critics, but whether a program is categorized as “voluntary” or “mandatory” is beside the point, because international accords generally apply only to the sovereign countries that have decided to join them. Some 64 countries have already signaled their willingness to sign on to the ICAO agreement, and together they account for nearly 80 per cent of expected growth in CO2 emissions above 2020 levels. That isn’t 100 per cent, but it’s a great start, and we can expect more countries to join when they see others reaping the benefits of low-carbon development. The airlines themselves will welcome a coherent global framework that establishes clear and predictable compliance metrics, rather than a regulatory patchwork that differs from country to country and complicates international operations. To minimize compliance costs – and because environmental sustainability is now a key competitive marker for customers and investors alike – airlines will likely encourage the countries where they do business to participate in the ICAO program. The new agreement provides an enormous opportunity to prevent the emission of 2.5 billion tons of CO2 in the first 15 years – the equivalent of taking roughly 35 million cars off the road every year the program is in force. “ By cleaning up our carbon footprint now, future generations of air travelers from all countries will be able to look out their window onto a healthy planet. The agreement will also spur major manufacturers such as Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, and Embraer – which are already investing in quieter, more fuel-efficient aircraft and efficiency improvements for existing models – to develop cleaner technologies that will allow them to purchase fewer emissions offsets. However, the framework decided in Montreal is not complete, and crucial details need to be worked out quickly so that airlines can begin to plan how they will meet the new environmental targets. Developed countries have already offered to help implement the GMBM, which, it is hoped, will pave the way for investments in emerging economies that are becoming new aviation powerhouses. If the countries can leapfrog over old technologies, they can become new leaders in carbon-smart flying. They should seize the opportunity before them and join the ICAO framework so that their manufacturers have a clear and predictable path forward. At the Paris climate talks last year, we witnessed the power of global collective action to address climate change. No fewer than 187 countries – large and small, developed and developing – announced emissions-reduction targets in the months before the conference, which created the momentum to reach a landmark accord. With the Paris climate agreement on track to enter into force in the coming months – more rapidly than anyone ever thought possible – we still have that momentum. The ICAO agreement is the next wave in the international battle against climate change. Together, the two agreements will boost our chances of delivering environmentally sustainable economic growth. By cleaning up our carbon footprint now, future generations of air travelers from all countries will be able to look out their window onto a healthy planet. Christiana Figueres was Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) from 2010 to 2016. Laurence Tubiana, the French Ambassador for Climate Change and Special Representative for the 2015 Paris Climate Conference, is founder of the Institute for Sustainable Development and International Relations (IDDRI) in Paris and Professor and Director at the Sustainable Development Center at Sciences Po. Copyright: Project Syndicate, 2016. www.project-syndicate.org Share this story Topics Carbon & Climate Transport Regions Global Tags aviation climate emissions Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Most popular Carbon & Climate The United States faces a polarising climate reality The United States faces a polarising climate reality Carbon & Climate Collect Earth: Google and FAO launch new forest tool Collect Earth: Google and FAO launch new forest tool Lifestyle Thoughts from Taipei: A greening city Thoughts from Taipei: A greening city View all news Industry Spotlight Policy & Finance Eaton: Innovating to stay ahead of the game Eaton: Innovating to stay ahead of the game Energy The European way to green energy in Southeast Asia The European way to green energy in Southeast Asia CSR Why sustainability standards are important for India’s growth Why sustainability standards are important for India’s growth View all Feature Series Smart homes for the future Future-proofing Asian cities the smart way Future-proofing Asian cities the smart way Powering Asia Pacific's Solar Revolution Conergy: Sparking the Philippines' solar power revolution Conergy: Sparking the Philippines' solar power revolution International Green Building Conference 2016 7 ideas for greener, healthier living 7 ideas for greener, healthier living View all Featured Events nov 14 Hong Kong GGEF Roundtable 2016 nov 14 Italy Venice 2016 - 6th International Symposium on Energy from Biomass and Waste nov 14 Australia Bioenergy Australia 2016 nov 16 India India and Sustainability Standards - International Dialogues and Conference 2016 nov 29 Thailand Solar Finance & Investment | Solar & Off-Grid Renewables Southeast Asia feb 21 United Kingdom Energy from Waste feb 22 Australia Australian Waste to Energy Forum 2017 Add an Event View all Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters The best Eco-Business stories, jobs and events delivered to your inbox – daily or weekly. Subscribe Get our weekly newsletter Follow us on facebook Read our stories and particpate in the Eco-Business facebook group. Follow Follow us on facebook Advertisement Supporting Organisations Eco Business Logo Back to top Asia Pacific’s sustainable business community Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Publications A-Z Tags Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS About About Us Our Team Contributors Contact Us Policy Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Privacy Policy © Eco-Business 2009—2016
