Search Connect Menu Search Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society Must Reads Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine  PoliticsNews Trump Surveillance Allegation Could Trace to Reported Court Order  Security News Experts Differ on Whether Trump’s New Travel Ban Makes America Safer Health Care News House Republicans Release Text of Obamacare Repeal, Conservatives Call for Action ‘Now’ EconomyNews Trump’s Mixed Signals on Export-Import Bank Leave Door Open for Conservatives  Security News Experts Differ on Whether Trump’s New Travel Ban Makes America Safer  SecurityCommentary Why Trump’s Revised Executive Order Is Constitutional, Legal, and Common Sense Education News Professors, Students Demand College Start Fund for Illegal Immigrants  Security News Trump Signs Revised Travel Ban Targeting ‘Foreign Terrorist Entry’ Health Care News House Republicans Release Text of Obamacare Repeal, Conservatives Call for Action ‘Now’ Health Care News For One Conservative, 2017 Looks Similar to 2009 Obamacare Debate  PoliticsNews Trump’s 5 Health Care Principles, Explained   Politics News Trump Outlines Agenda for ‘New Chapter of American Greatness’   Politics News Trump Outlines Agenda for ‘New Chapter of American Greatness’ Education News Betsy DeVos Confronts Transgender Controversy at CPAC Law Commentary Neil Gorsuch’s Proven Track Record of Protecting Religious Liberty Law Commentary Neil Gorsuch Is Trump’s Best Revenge for Judicial Activism  Security News Experts Differ on Whether Trump’s New Travel Ban Makes America Safer  Security News Trump Signs Revised Travel Ban Targeting ‘Foreign Terrorist Entry’ Security Commentary Kansas City Bombing Scheme Becomes First Terror Plot of 2017  Security News At CPAC, Panelists Discuss Role Vetting, Assimilation Play in National Security Security News ‘We Have to Forgive Them’: Front Lines in Ukraine Divide Families and Friends Security News Amid War, Ukraine’s Population Continues to Dwindle Security News Why Russian Military Aggression Has Backfired on Moscow Security Feature 3 Years After the Revolution, Peace Remains Elusive in Ukraine EconomyNews Trump’s Mixed Signals on Export-Import Bank Leave Door Open for Conservatives Melissa Quinn / @MelissaQuinn97 / March 06, 2017 / Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print During a speech at a Boeing factory in South Carolina, onlookers expected President Donald Trump to make an announcement on the future of the Export-Import Bank. However, any mention of the bank was noticeably absent from his remarks. (Photo: Richard Ellis/ZUMA Press/Newscom) For the last five years, conservative lawmakers have rallied behind efforts to close the Export-Import Bank, and were successful in 2015, albeit briefly, when the bank’s charter lapsed for the first time in its history. But now, with President Donald Trump in the White House, conservative lawmakers may have a chance to shutter the bank for good, or at least keep it operating with limited authority. There is just one problem: Trump has sent mixed signals on where he stands on the Export-Import Bank, and though his budget director and advisers oppose the agency, Trump signaled early in his administration he could be swayed. “I’m nervous he’s not going to do the right thing,” Diane Katz, a senior research fellow at The Heritage Foundation who opposes the bank, told The Daily Signal, “but I hope he does.” Experts like Katz braced for Trump to make an announcement about the bank’s future during a speech last month at a Boeing plant in South Carolina. The company is one of Ex-Im’s biggest beneficiaries, and the agency has earned the nickname “Boeing’s Bank” for the amount of taxpayer-backed financing the aerospace giant benefits from. But Trump noticeably left any mention of the 83-year-old agency out of his speech, which delighted and surprised those who oppose the bank. “What’s clear is that something’s happened,” Veronique de Rugy, a senior research fellow at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University, told The Daily Signal. “The president has to be bothered by the amount of subsidies we’re giving to other countries,” she continued. Ex-Im provides taxpayer-backed loans and loan guarantees to foreign companies and countries for the purchase of U.S. exports. Its supporters believe the bank creates jobs and helps small businesses compete in the global market. But opponents believe it’s an engine of cronyism and corporate welfare. The 83-year-old agency’s future has been at the center of disputes in Congress over the last five years, and though there is a Republican in the White House, conservative lawmakers aren’t planning to stop fighting for it to shutter. “I’ve fought against the Export-Import Bank for years and will continue to do so,” Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, said in a statement to The Daily Signal. “I share the president’s commitment to American job creation, but I don’t believe in a program that favors big corporations over American taxpayers.” Trump’s stance on Ex-Im, meanwhile, has been contradictory. In an interview from the campaign trail with Bloomberg in August 2015, Trump called the bank “feather bedding” for politicians and some companies. “I don’t like it. I think it’s a lot of excess baggage. I think it’s unnecessary,” then-candidate Trump said. “And when you think about free enterprise, it’s really not free enterprise. I’d be against it.” But during a lunch with Senate Democrats at the White House last month, the president seemed to warm to the idea of keeping the bank intact. Trump told Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, D-N.D., he planned to nominate someone to serve on Ex-Im’s board of directors, a move that would signify he’s open to restoring the bank to its full authority. “To support the economy and boost American manufacturing jobs, enabling the Ex-Im Bank to work is a critical step,” Heitkamp said in a statement after the meeting. “It’s great news he agreed and said he would nominate someone to serve on the Ex-Im board very soon so the agency, which has been stalled for a year, can fully function and keep supporting American workers and small business, including many in North Dakota, just as it has done for more than 80 years,” she continued. Since his meeting with Heitkamp and other Senate Democrats, though, Trump appears to have walked back his commitment. Last week, the president withdrew the nomination of Claudia Slacik to serve as a member of Ex-Im’s board of directors. President Barack Obama nominated Slacik Jan. 5. Furthermore, Trump and Vice President Mike Pence have surrounded themselves with advisers and staff who oppose the bank. The president tapped Mick Mulvaney, a former congressman from South Carolina, to lead the Office of Management and Budget, and Marc Short, former president of Freedom Partners, to work as his director of legislative affairs. Additionally, Pence selected Mark Calabria, the former director of financial regulation studies at the Cato Institute, to serve as his chief economist. Short and Calabria opposed the bank when working for the Koch-backed Freedom Partners and Cato, respectively, and Mulvaney was one of the loudest bank opponents while serving in Congress. The former South Carolina congressman introduced five amendments to a highway funding bill in 2015 that placed further restrictions on Ex-Im financing, but they all failed. President Donald Trump nominated South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney to lead the Office of Management and Budget. Now serving as budget director, Mulvaney, an opponent of the Export-Import Bank, said the agency should be eliminated. (Photo: Kevin Lamarque/Reuters/Newscom) As budget director, though, Mulvaney has already made Ex-Im a target. Last month, The New York Times reported that the Office of Management and Budget drafted a “hit list” of federal programs that could be eliminated, which included the 83-year-old bank. So far, the White House has yet to clarify whether Trump supports or opposes Ex-Im. When asked about the president’s position on the bank following the release of the “hit list,” press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters late last month they were not “going to get ahead of the OMB director.” “They are drafting a budget, they are talking to members of Congress and other interested parties about funding levels and such, but we’re not at a position to go yet,” Spicer said. But Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin suggested that under the Trump administration, Ex-Im may stop extending loans and loan guarantees to large companies. “I think there’s a lot of concerns historically about the Ex-Im Bank, and is it just subsidizing certain large corporations?” he told CNBC last month. “That’s not something we’re interested in doing.” However, Mnuchin said his agency may not eliminate Ex-Im financing altogether. “To the extent we think the Export-Import Bank can be competitive in helping small and medium-sized businesses export, that’s something that is important,” he said. The bank’s opponents have derided the bank for helping only large companies like Boeing and General Electric, which benefit from large percentages of Ex-Im financing. But Katz said even if the bank shifted its focus to small and medium-sized businesses, as Mnuchin suggested, a different set of problems would arise. “For every small business that benefits from an Ex-Im subsidy, there are going to be businesses that are put at a competitive disadvantage,” she said. Ex-Im provides taxpayer-backed loans and loan guarantees to foreign companies and countries for the purchase of U.S. products. After a brief lapse in its charter in 2015, the bank has been operating with limited authority because of vacant seats on its board of directors. Ex-Im’s charter requires the board to have a quorum—three of its five members—to approve transactions of more than $10 million. But after Congress reauthorized the bank in December 2015, it’s been hampered by empty board seats. Obama nominated Republican Mark McWatters to fill one of the positions on Ex-Im’s board last year, but then-Senate Banking Committee Chairman Richard Shelby, a Republican from Alabama, blocked the nominee from advancing to the Senate floor. The Daily Signal depends on the support of readers like you. Donate now Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print @MelissaQuinn97 Melissa Quinn Melissa Quinn is a senior news reporter for The Daily Signal. Send an email to Melissa. Trending Join The Discussion Back to Top Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Home Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society More Information Authors About The Daily Signal Contact Us Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Copyright Information About The Heritage Foundation Donate Connect with us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Get Free Alerts from The Daily Signal Join the millions of people who benefit from The Daily Signal’s fair, accurate, trustworthy reporting with direct access to: Intelligence from inside Washington Deep policy understanding from over 100 experts Your privacy is important to us Don’t have time to read the Washington Post or New York Times? Then get The Morning Bell, an early morning edition of the day’s most important political news, conservative commentary and original reporting from a team committed to following the truth no matter where it leads. Email address Ever feel like the only difference between the New York Times and Washington Post is the name? We do. Try the Morning Bell and get the day’s most important news and commentary from a team committed to the truth in formats that respect your time…and your intelligence. Email address ﻿
Home About Advertise Lynnwood Today sponsors Politics Subscribe News Public Safety Transportation Business Community Crime Education General Government Pets Sports Sound Live Sports Network Opinion Arts & Entertainment Events Submit Event Search Monday, March 6, 2017 My Neighborhood News Network My Edmonds News MLTnews Lynnwood Today Lynnwood Today Home About Advertise Lynnwood Today sponsors Politics Subscribe News Public Safety Transportation Business Community Crime Education General Government Pets Sports Sound Live Sports Network Opinion Arts & Entertainment Events Submit Event Government Transportation Community Transit proposes expanded bus service starting in September Mar 6, 2017 61 0 Community Transit has proposed to add 21,000 service hours, or about 6 percent more bus service, in the next year. The proposal would expand service in September 2017 and March 2018, bringing Snohomish County bus riders improved transit connections, a new route to the Paine Field manufacturing area, more weekday trips to Seattle and the University of Washington, and improved Sunday bus service with more frequent buses and later hours on some routes. A proposed extension of Route 105 would mimic the Paine Field routing of the Swift Green Line, a second bus rapid transit line scheduled to begin operation in early 2019. “The local economy is growing, which means more people and more transportation needs,” said Community Transit CEO Emmett Heath in an announcement March 6. “Community Transit will continue to present new alternatives to putting more cars on our congested roads.” Community Transit is taking public comment on the proposal through April 7. If approved by the Board of Directors in May, the new service will be implemented in September 2017 and March 2018. Details of the proposal are available at www.communitytransit.org/ProposedService New route A proposed new Route 107 would operate between Lynnwood Transit Center and Boeing/Paine Field via Mukilteo Speedway. It would operate on weekdays only, peak hour, peak direction. Three proposed morning northbound trips and three proposed evening southbound trips would meet the growing demand for service to Paine Field from the south. Revised routes The following Route revisions would take place in September 2017, unless otherwise noted: Route 105 would be extended north from the Mariner Park & Ride via Airport Road to serve Paine Field, Boeing, Seaway Blvd. and Hardeson Road. These trips would operate both directions weekdays only from 5-8 a.m. and 1:45-6 p.m. This would establish local bus service all along the future Swift Green Line corridor. Route 106 would be realigned from Bothell-Everett Hwy & 180th Street north to Mariner Park & Ride via the same routing as Route 105. The route segment from 180th Street northeast through Mays Pont would be eliminated and served by a realigned Route 115. Route 106 would continue to operate weekday, peak-hour, bi-directional service only. Route 115 would be realigned from Bothell-Everett Hwy & 164th through Mays Pond via 35th& 132nd, ending at Puget Park Drive & 137th Place. The route segment from Bothell-Everett Hwy & 164th north to Mariner Park & Ride would be eliminated and served by Routes 105, 106, 109, 810 & 860. The revised Route 115 would establish connections with Route 109 east of Bothell-Everett Hwy and run every 30 minutes weekdays. However, the segment through Mays Pond would run 30 minutes at peak times and 60 minutes middays and nights. Route 115 runs every 60 minutes on Saturdays and does not operate on Sundays. Route 196 would be extended north from Alderwood Mall to Ash Way Park & Ride, increasing bus service between these two locations, and providing a new regional connection. Route 209 would be extended north from Quil Ceda Village via I-5 to the Smokey Point Transit Center, creating new connections to Quil Ceda from Routes 220, 230 & 240. (This would take place in March 2018.) Routes 270, 271 & 280 would have Everett routing modified to serve Hewitt Avenue and Broadway west of Cedar Street, allowing for a shorter walk to downtown Everett. The route segment along Cedar and Pacific would be eliminated. Route 277 would be eliminated. Hwy 2 service to Boeing would be provided by extended trips on Routes 270 & 271. Hwy 2 service levels to Boeing would remain the same. Route 280 peak hour trips ending in Lake Stevens would have a shorter turnaround to/from 20th Street. The route would be realigned in Granite Falls off Hwy 92 via Quarry Road, Burn Road and Jordan Road, and ending on Alder Ave. in Granite Falls. The route would also serve Granite Falls High School and new development in that area. Added trips Downtown Seattle and University of Washington. The proposal would add approximately 16 trips to downtown Seattle and the University of Washington. Trips would be split between morning and evening service. Routes and trips are to be determined based on ridership demand. Sunday Service. The proposal would add 37 midday trips on Routes 240, 271 and 280 to create 60-minute, all-day service. (This would take place in September 2017.) The proposal would add 11 evening trips to extend Sunday service hours on the Swift Blue Line, and to Routes 105, 109, 113, 130, 196 and 202. (This would take place in March 2018.) DART paratransit expansion Because this service expansion proposal includes service to new areas, as well as expanded hours of bus operations, DART paratransit service would be expanded. DART is available to eligible residents within ¾-miles of a local, non-commuter fixed route during the same hours the bus operates. Public comment on this proposal will be taken through April 7. Comments may be made in several ways: Via email ProposedService@commtrans.org By calling 425-353-7433 (RIDE) Through Facebook.com/communitytransit Via @MyCommTrans on Twitter (Use #CTProposal) By U.S. mail at Community Transit, 7100 Hardeson Rd., Everett, WA 98203 Community Transit staff will be talking to riders about the proposal at park and rides, transit centers, libraries and senior centers within the agency’s service area throughout the month of March. Riders are also encouraged to attend the following informational sessions: Public Meeting: Thursday, March 23, 3–6 p.m. Held in the Weyerhauser Room at Everett Station, 3201 Smith Ave, Everett. Public Hearing: People can offer their comments before the Board of Directors at a public hearing at 3 p.m., Thursday, April 6 in the Community Transit Board Room, 7100 Hardeson Road, Everett, accessible by Everett Transit Route 8. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleBlazing Onion Burgers to reopen in late March or early April following kitchen fire Next articleReminder: Sno-King Community Chorale to perform ‘Cantata Memoria’ in Lynnwood March 18 Administrator First and last name must be used for comment to be approved. Cancel reply SUPPORT US when you shop Amazon! We encourage you to shop local first! If you shop at Amazon, please visit there by clicking here. We’ll get a small commission on your purchase(s), which helps support Lynnwood Today. Consider bookmarking this page for your future Amazon purchases. Subscribe to our newsletter -- sent at 4 AM daily! Email Address : Recent Comments Shannon Sessions on Local Rotary Clubs donate 560 pairs of shoes, $1,125 to Clothes for Kids (1) Wow! The Rotary Club of Lynnwood rocks! Great job! What a gift to local, in-need students in the Edmonds School District! – Mar 05, 10:10 PM Kelly Van Horn on Start Times Task Force to recommend 25-minute delay to school day (1) a twenty five minute delay is not enough... if that is the extent of the change being made, then it should be done without any... – Mar 04, 9:12 AM Rosemary Zahnow on Scriber Lake Road now open after Jan. 25 fire (1) Thankfully no one was living in it. Such a shame to lose the entire building. – Mar 04, 9:11 AM Thomas J. Brown on Scene in Lynnwood: Old Country Buffet closes (3) I agree with Stephanie (my wife & I love your store, BTW); the light rail is not the reason why all the businesses are closing... – Mar 01, 3:33 PM Nicola Smith on Neighbors raise crumb rubber concerns at Meadowdale Playfields (2) I have confidence that the project team and ESD will select the most appropriate turf available for the Meadowdale Play Fields. Fact: The 2016 State... – Feb 28, 7:29 PM Older » @lynnwoodtoday 131 Followers Follow A news website covering all things Lynnwood, WA Contact us: lynnwoodtodayeditor@gmail.com Commenting Policy We welcome comments on all posts at Lynnwood Today. To encourage constructive community dialogue, all commenters must use their real names, first and last. Comments from users with names that don't comply with this policy will be removed. Our policy on reproducing content Lynnwood Today is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. © Copyright 2015 - Lynnwood Today Support LynnwoodToday.com by becoming a regular subscriber! Subscribe Now
Wed, 1 March 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Korean Air Unveils First Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner Korean Air has unveiled its brand new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner.  Korean Air’s Boeing 787-9 will be operated with a total of 269 seats; 6 first class seats, 18 Prestige class seats and 245 Economy class seats.  The aircraft will provide a whole new experience for passengers. The internal cabin pressure has been decreased to the equivalent of 1,800m (6,000ft) altitude instead of 2,400m (8,000ft) on conventional aircraft. Furthermore, the humidity level will be set in the 15%~16% range, which will significantly improve passengers’ comfort compared to the maximum humidity of 11% in current aircraft. Korean Air is planning to utilize the aircraft for long-haul routes with high demand for leisure travel. First, the airline is scheduled to launch domestic flights between Seoul’s Gimpo Airport and JeJu Airport for a month as part of the required certification period, before launching long-haul international routes from Seoul’s Incheon Airport to Toronto, Madrid, and Zurich later this year. The interior design of the Dreamliner cabin is quite different from conventional aircraft. The “Premium Cabin Interior” uses the latest LED lighting technology to adjust the color and brightness of lighting based on time and environment. It has five different modes: for take-off, dining, sunset/sunrise, sleeping, and landing. The modes are designed to create a more comfortable atmosphere for passengers. Another noteworthy feature is the size of the cabin windows which are 78% larger than conventional aircraft, allowing passengers to have a better outside view. The manually operated window covers are gone and instead there are buttons to adjust the transparency of the windows in five different levels. A specially developed gel has been inserted within the windowpanes to control the transparency. The aircraft is made of 50% carbon fiber composites along with aluminum alloys for a reduced weight and greater durability, thereby consuming 20% less fuel and generating 20% fewer emissions than the airplane it replaces. Korean Air is scheduled to introduce five 787-9 Dreamliners to its fleet this year, with another five joining the fleet by 2019. See other recent news regarding: Korean Air, 787-9, South Korea, Incheon, Boeing. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Renaissance Resort to Open in Pattaya Dusit Signs Wetland Park Resort in Nanjing Accor to Take Over 26 Hotels in Brazil Air Cargo: FTKs Up 6.9% in January 2017 Peninsula Appoints Dir. of Global Comms Executive Appointments at Yotel 2nd Global 7000 Joins Flight Test Program Travix Appoints VP Customer Ops New Hotel Adds 587 Rooms to Impact Muang Thong Thani Smiths Detection to Enhance Security at Kansai Airport Al Bait Sharjah to Open Q4 2017 Peninsula Appoints VP of Marketing Jack Bain's Bar at 137 Pillars House in Chiang Mai SITA to Enhance Aeromexico's Network Connectivity QinetiQ Orders Four Airbus H125s Thai Airways Waives Ticket Change Surcharge Saab Signs Deal with NATS to Deliver Remote Tower Demonstrator Renowned Architect Relaunches Luxury Bali Resort Amadeus Makes Rail Travel More Accessible Lockheed Hybrid Aircraft Targets China Prague Airport to Upgrade Communications Movenpick Signs New Hotel in Saudi Arabia Precision Aviation Expands Inventory for AW139 Boeing Proposes MH-139 as UH-1N Huey Replacement Diethelm Appoints Group Product & Contracting Director airberlin Appoints SVP Commercial Strategy & Distribution Beneteau Establishes RHQ in Hong Kong Delta Launches New Boarding Process in Atlanta Emirates to Upgrade A380 Experience Accor Opens First Mercure Hotel in KL A321neo Powered by CFM LEAP-1A Engines Receives TC Finnair, Skyscanner and Amadeus Join Forces EgyptAir and Etihad Airways to Codeshare airberlin Appoints Chief Commercial Officer Solar Power for Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal FCS Relocates Global HQ to Singapore Air Caraibes Receives First A350-900 Dusit Thani Extends Bangkok Lease; Unveils New Plans King's Cup Elephant Polo to Take Place in Bangkok 9-12 March Singapore Pilots Account-Based Ticketing System for Public Transport Korean Air Unveils First B787-9 Movenpick Opens Serviced Apartments in Bangkok, Thailand First Anantara Hotel in Europe to Open 1 April Travelport Receives NDC Aggregator Cert from IATA Mexico Attracted 35 Million Int. Arrivals in 2016 Ascott Marunouchi Tokyo to Open 30 March APAC Airlines Carried 26.8m Pax in January Pan Pacific Appoints CEO Hong Kong Airlines Appoints CMO Radisson Blu Opens in Jammu, India Aviary Bintaro Hotel Appoints GM pentahotels Appoints Corporate Director of Revenue Management Elbit to Exhibit at Air Warfare Symposium Wyndham Takes Over Hotel in Surabaya MHG Signs First Hotel in South Korea Garuda's Citilink Gets First A320neo Ascott Opens lyf@SMU Boeing to Support flydubai's Fleet CWT Appoints VP Customer Experience Delta Appoints Vice President - Seattle TG Says It's Prepared for Runway Repairs Sophie Hulgard Joins Carlson Wagonlit Travel Keeping Business Travelers Satisfied Korean Air Takes Delivery of First B787-9 APAC Hotels Report RevPAR Increase ATR Opens Training Center in Miami CNF Airport Implements Arinc Solutions Qatar to Launch Yanbu and Tabuk Flights Peach Aviation Partners AsiaPay Thai Lion Air Partners Amadeus RBH Takes Over Hotel in Blackpool, England IATA Welcomes Entry into Force of WTO TFA Randy Smith Receives HSMAI's 2016 Albert E. Koehl Award IONSCAN 600 Receives CAAC Approval India's Zoom Air Takes Delivery of CRJ200 HSH Breaks Ground on Peninsula Hotel in Yangon United Airlines Launches Basic Economy Spa Carriage Added to Belmond Royal Scotsman Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR for Hotels in USA Grand Europa Hotel to Become W Prague Boeing to Provide UAE with C-17 Support Travelodge Appoints COO - U.K. and Spain Vietjet to Establish Center of Aviation Technology in Saigon Super Bowl 51 Gives Hotels in Houston CBD 851% RevPAR Boost New Satellite to Increase APAC Connectivity airberlin to Expand Fleet with Three A330-200s Exec Appointments at Mantra Group Hotel Cosmo Kuala Lumpur Appoints GM Kenya Airways Signs B787-8 Deal with Etihad Mapletree Acquires Oakwood Worldwide JAL and China Airlines to Expand Codeshare Flights Mantra Rebrands Airlie Beach Hotel in Australia Emirates Adds Advanced Paid Seating to Travelport Hard Rock Signs First Hotel in China Disney Explorers Lodge in HK to Open April SpiceRoads Launches Kyushu Onsen to Onsen B787-10 to Take Off in Coming Weeks Dusit Appoints Two Vice Presidents Ananda Hua Hin Appoints Tovey as GM Show More Travel News Boeing Defence Australia Appoints MD Melia Signs Fifth Hotel in Vietnam Air Canada Launches Montreal-Shanghai Flights Juneyao Airlines Orders Five Boeing 787-9s Thailand - Japan MICE Road Show in March Paul Stevens Appointed CEO of Accor Plus Air India Takes Delivery of First A320neo HK Airlines Introduces New Amenity Kits Delta to Expand Free Meal Service in USA Akaryn Appoints Cluster GM in Phuket Vietjet Reports 2016 Revenue of US$1.21 Billion Movenpick Residences Ekkamai Appoints RM Dusit and Prince Hotels Launch Staff Exchange Programme 598,952 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract Air Astana to Increase London Flights Garuda to Launch Jakarta - Moscow Flights Honeywell to Implement New Airfield Lighting at Changi Airbus to Transfer Four Test Aircraft to Museums Jet Airways to Use Fuel Efficiency Software Air Canada Signs New Deal with Travelport 4,763 Hotels Under Contract in U.S.A. Vietjet to Launch Danang - Seoul Flights Tourism Accelerators Accepting Projects in Mekong Region Air Canada to Increase Tel Aviv Flights Delta to Acquire More Aeromexico Shares H.I.S. to Adopt Amadeus cytric Travel & Expense Qatar to Launch Skopje Flights in June Murcia Hosts Conference on Smart Destinations 308-Room Hotel G Singapore Grand Opens JAL to Open Renovated Sakura Lounge in Bangkok Avis Signs New Travelport Deal Gulf Air's FFP Partners Agoda PointsMax Cebu Pacific Flew Over 19m Pax in 2016 Hurawalhi Island Resort Opens in Maldives Movenpick Hotel Doha Appoints GM Hahn Air Signs Interline Agreement with Eurostar Roland de Bonadona to Receive Lifetime Achievement Award Cebu Pacific Takes Delivery of ATR 72-600 with Titanium Seats Hawaii Island Air Signs Smart Parts Deal for Q400 Viajes El Corte Ingles Commits to Global Code of Ethics for Tourism Hudson Theatre in New York Reopens AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17s Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Renaissance Resort to Open in Pattaya Dusit Signs Wetland Park Resort in Nanjing Accor to Take Over 26 Hotels in Brazil Air Cargo: FTKs Up 6.9% in January 2017 Peninsula Appoints Dir. of Global Comms Executive Appointments at Yotel 2nd Global 7000 Joins Flight Test Program Travix Appoints VP Customer Ops New Hotel Adds 587 Rooms to Impact Muang Thong Thani Smiths Detection to Enhance Security at Kansai Airport Al Bait Sharjah to Open Q4 2017 Peninsula Appoints VP of Marketing Jack Bain's Bar at 137 Pillars House in Chiang Mai Redesigned SITA to Enhance Aeromexico's Network Connectivity QinetiQ Orders Four Airbus H125s Thai Airways Waives Ticket Change Surcharge NATS in Remote Tower Demonstrator Deal with Saab Renowned Architect Relaunches Luxury Bali Resort Amadeus Makes Rail Travel More Accessible Lockheed Hybrid Aircraft Targets China Prague Airport to Upgrade Communications Movenpick Signs New Hotel in Saudi Arabia Precision Aviation Expands Inventory for AW139 Boeing Proposes MH-139 as UH-1N Huey Replacement Diethelm Appoints Group Product & Contracting Director airberlin Appoints SVP Commercial Strategy & Distribution Beneteau Establishes RHQ in Hong Kong Delta Launches New Boarding Process in Atlanta Emirates to Upgrade A380 Experience Accor Opens First Mercure Hotel in KL A321neo Powered by CFM LEAP-1A Engines Receives TC Finnair, Skyscanner and Amadeus Join Forces EgyptAir and Etihad Airways to Codeshare airberlin Appoints Chief Commercial Officer Solar Power for Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal FCS Relocates Global HQ to Singapore Air Caraibes Receives First A350-900 Dusit Thani Extends Bangkok Lease; Unveils New Plans King's Cup Elephant Polo to Take Place in Bangkok 9-12 March Singapore Pilots New Ticketing System for Public Transport Korean Air Unveils First Boeing 787-9 Movenpick Opens Serviced Apartments in Bangkok, Thailand First Anantara Hotel in Europe to Open 1 April Travelport Receives NDC Aggregator Cert Mexico Attracted 35 Million Arrivals in 2016 Ascott Marunouchi Tokyo to Open 30/3 APAC Airlines Carried 26.8m Pax in January Pan Pacific Appoints CEO Hong Kong Airlines Appoints CMO Radisson Blu Opens in Jammu, India Aviary Bintaro Hotel Appoints GM pentahotels Appoints Corporate Director of Revenue Management Elbit to Exhibit at Air Warfare Symposium Wyndham Takes Over Hotel in Surabaya MHG Signs First Hotel in South Korea Garuda's Citilink Gets First A320neo Ascott Opens lyf@SMU Boeing to Support flydubai's Fleet CWT Appoints VP Customer Experience Delta Appoints Vice President - Seattle TG Says It's Prepared for Runway Repairs Sophie Hulgard Joins Carlson Wagonlit Travel Keeping Business Travelers Satisfied Korean Air Takes Delivery of First B787-9 APAC Hotels Report RevPAR Increase ATR Opens Training Center in Miami CNF Airport Implements Arinc Solutions Qatar to Launch Yanbu and Tabuk Flights Peach Aviation Partners AsiaPay Thai Lion Air Partners Amadeus RBH Takes Over Hotel in Blackpool, England IATA Welcomes Entry into Force of WTO TFA Randy Smith Receives HSMAI's 2016 Albert E. Koehl Award IONSCAN 600 Receives CAAC Approval India's Zoom Air Takes Delivery of CRJ200 HSH Breaks Ground on Peninsula Hotel in Yangon United Airlines Launches Basic Economy Spa Carriage Added to Belmond Royal Scotsman Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR for Hotels in USA Grand Europa Hotel to Become W Prague Boeing to Provide UAE with C-17 Support Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Yorkshire Post Search More Close ] News Politics Crime Health Education Transport Environment Opinion Analysis Showbiz Campaigns National Obituaries News Politics Crime Health Education Transport Environment Opinion Analysis Showbiz Campaigns National Obituaries Sport Football Rugby League Rugby Union Cricket Sports Talk Athletics Basketball Boxing Cycling Equestrian F1 & Motor Sport Golf Horse Racing Ice Hockey Olympics Snooker Squash Tennis Other Sports Business Markets Business Talk Retail Commercial Property SMEs Commentary Lifestyle Homes Fashion Personal Finance Gardening Health & Wellbeing Gadgets & Tech Walks & Cycling Books Travel Cars Our Yorkshire People Heritage Discover Yorkshire Your Yorkshire What's On Hull 2017 Arts Theatre Cinema Dining Out Comedy Exhibitions Music Country Life Rural News Farming Country Style Country Pursuits Equestrian Future Yorkshire Northern Powerhouse Technology Research Investment Retail Our Region West Yorkshire and The Dales South Yorkshire North Yorkshire, Moors and Coast East Yorkshire Barnsley Beverley Bradford Doncaster Driffield Halifax Huddersfield Hull Leeds Rotherham Scarborough Sheffield The Wolds Wakefield Whitby York The hard work is paying off as big guns roll into region engine room: The announcement of McLarens move into Sheffield came about as result of the close partnership between the LEP, university, council and AMRC. Picture: Marie Caley Sir Nigel Knowles, chairman of the Sheffield City Region Local Enterprise Board (LEP) 16:51 Monday 06 March 2017 0 Have your say The headlines screamed: ‘McLaren roars in to city’. Then ‘Forgemasters toasts turnaround.’ And days later others shouted: ‘City lands first Boeing factory in Europe’. Wherever you go across the region at the moment there is a great sense of pleasure and excitement at these achievements. The achievements exploded into the public domain within a few short weeks – but have taken years of hard work and determination to pull off. And now the region is booming. The achievements are a massive triumph for the partnership between the public and private sectors who worked together to draw first supercar maker McLaren, then aero giant Boeing to the area. Our close partnership with the university, Sheffield City Council, and the Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre was fundamental to bringing a global concern such as McLaren here. And our £12m commitment to the £50m project was critical to ensuring McLaren could get the project off the ground. It’s absolutely fantastic to see jobs coming to the North, but none of this would have been possible without our single-minded approach to ensuring we create jobs and boost economic growth. Other benefits likely to follow from McLaren’s move include supply chain opportunities, which are also important in the deal which is set to bring ‘Boeing Sheffield’ to the region once the Combined Authority has approved the funding at its March meeting. Both McLaren and Boeing plan to invest in research and development and subsequently a factory in the region’s Advanced Manufacturing Innovation District making respectively the chassis for their cars, and actuators – the components that move a plane’s wing flaps. Meanwhile, Forgemasters has been enabled, with a grant from the SCR, to go ahead with installing a new milling machine. This will allow the three-dimensional machining of increasingly complicated, ultra-large cast and forged shapes for industries such as civil nuclear power and defence. Further proof that the region is experiencing a boom came this week as we launched our Labour Market Intelligence Report, which shows that locally we trained more apprentices – 20,000 – in the 2014-15 academic year than the rest of England, except London and the South East. And we know that activity led by the Sheffield City Region Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP) and Combined Authority has contributed 16,000 new jobs to the economy and leveraged approximately £318m of private sector investment. The ‘let’s get it done’ work ethic in the region harnesses drive and ambition. With everyone pulling together we are building a thriving and successful economy which is helping to attract, retain and develop skills in the region. So we have a great deal of good news to take to MIPIM Cannes next week (March 13 -17) along with £1bn worth of major projects to tell potential investors about. Some of the largest brownfield developments in the country are in the Chesterfield area – the Peak Resort leisure destination and the Waterside mixed development – and got underway last month with the help of funding from our infrastructure fund. Our town centres are being revitalised, and our airport is flying high with new routes and record passenger numbers. We are set to build 13,000 homes in the region over the next few years with our new £20m Housing and Property Fund set to help accelerate new schemes. Former collieries and watersides are being sensitively and strategically transformed so that people can enjoy high value jobs and a good quality of life in the region. Following the news of Boeing’s decision, Professor Sir Keith Burnett, President and Vice Chancellor of the University of Sheffield, has even predicted that the area could play a crucial role in a new revolution for the UK, centred on science and innovation but working hand in hand with industry. We won’t rest on our laurels. We know there is a long way to go to ensure the future for our children and our children’s children. But in the meantime, everyone working so hard in this region should pat themselves on the back. And in the words of the song – let the good times roll. First landing in Europe Boeing Sheffield will be the aero giant’s first site in Europe, although it has 30 locations around the world. McLaren and Boeing will be based close to the Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre and names such as Rolls-Royce, British Steel, and Siemens. McLaren has already employed its first apprentices. Boeing expects to start recruiting in early 2018. Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Yorkshire Post means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Yorkshire Post You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Yorkshire Post Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink Our Yorkshire What's On Country Life Future Yorkshire More from The Yorkshire Post Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Dating Digital Archive Directory Holidays Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Place your ads Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Yorkshire Post Search More Close ] News Analysis Politics Crime Health Education Transport Environment Opinion Showbiz Campaigns National Obituaries News Politics Crime Health Education Transport Environment Opinion Showbiz Campaigns National Obituaries Sport Football Rugby League Rugby Union Cricket Sports Talk Athletics Basketball Boxing Cycling Equestrian F1 & Motor Sport Golf Horse Racing Ice Hockey Olympics Snooker Squash Tennis Other Sports Business Markets Business Talk Retail Commercial Property SMEs Commentary Lifestyle Homes Fashion Personal Finance Gardening Health & Wellbeing Gadgets & Tech Walks & Cycling Books Travel Cars Our Yorkshire People Heritage Discover Yorkshire Your Yorkshire What's On Hull 2017 Arts Theatre Cinema Dining Out Comedy Exhibitions Music Country Life Rural News Farming Country Style Country Pursuits Equestrian Future Yorkshire Northern Powerhouse Technology Research Investment Retail Our Region West Yorkshire and The Dales South Yorkshire North Yorkshire, Moors and Coast East Yorkshire Barnsley Beverley Bradford Doncaster Driffield Halifax Huddersfield Hull Leeds Rotherham Scarborough Sheffield The Wolds Wakefield Whitby York The young apprentices and a design for a working life Sorry, we're having problems with our video player at the moment, but are working to fix it as soon as we can Waiting for Video... 17:52 Sunday 05 March 2017 0 Have your say With the Government trying to increase the number of apprenticeships, Chris Bond visited a South Yorkshire centre to speak to some of those being trained. “Factory of the Future” – so the sign boldly proclaims, and looking at the array of smart, steel and glass edifices emblazoned with prestigious names like ‘Boeing’ and ‘Rolls Royce’ it’s hard to disagree. Ben Kaye, 18, in the main workshop at the AMRC Training Centre. The University of Sheffield’s Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre (AMRC) was set up 16 years ago to combine the city’s industrial expertise with new engineering research. Since then it has grown to include more than 90 partners and was further boosted by Boeing’s recent decision to base its first European factory here. The fact this sprawling manufacturing research park is housed on the site of the former Orgreave Colliery, such a potent symbol of an industrial past that has all but vanished, is a pertinent one. Much has been made of the failure of successive governments to properly stimulate investment in former mining towns and those where traditional manufacturing industries, once the bedrock of so many local communities, have withered and died. So to have such a cutting-edge research and development complex here has been a boon to the local area. Kieran Bartholomew, 23, is one of the older apprentices. The neighbouring AMRC Training Centre is no less important and since opening just over three years ago, the centre has trained nearly 800 apprentices working for engineering and manufacturing firms based in the region. It runs advanced apprenticeships ranging from machining and welding to robot maintenance, as well as degree apprenticeships, and they work closely with employers to ensure the apprentices (everyone who comes here has a job) are getting the practical training and experience they need. Kerry Featherstone, the training centre’s director, says around two-thirds of the apprentices are aged between 16 and 18 and work for a wide variety of firms. “They range from local employers that might have five people working for them right up to companies like Rolls Royce.” Apprentice: Heidi Butterfield, 19, in the robotics room at the AMRC Training Centre. (Pictures: Scott Merrylees). The fact there’s such growing interest in apprenticeships shows just how far attitudes have changed. Even just a decade ago they were sniffily seen as the poor relation next to university degrees, but now they are increasingly being recognised as a mark of excellence with businesses, big and small, queueing up to take on apprentices. The Government has jumped on the bandwagon setting a target of three million apprenticeships by 2020 which is good news for training centres like this. “The perception has changed, we are hearing more about things like degree apprenticeships and this is getting out to young people and parents. Schools are talking about them more as an option whereas in the past they wanted pupils to go on to university,” says Featherstone. However, one area of concern is the lack of female apprentices in the UK, especially in engineering, which was highlighted in a report by the Young Women’s Trust last year. The training centre's director Kerry Featherstone. At the AMRC training centre there’s just four female apprentices, something Featherstone wants to change. “We’d love to get more women into engineering but it’s going to take time to change the perception though we are starting to see more slowly coming through, and that’s positive because it means we are having an impact. “At the moment the girls that come into engineering often have family connections and we need to break down those barriers and get the message out there to a wider audience.” Heidi Butterfield, from Wakefield, is one of the female apprentices training here. The 19- year-old is following in the footsteps of her father who started out as an apprentice. “In school there wasn’t much opportunity to get into engineering, especially for girls, but it was something I was interested in,” she says. Heidi’s spending six months at the centre as a technical support apprentice before returning to her job with manufacturing firm Kostal UK. “What we’re doing is very much about the future of technology. There’ll always be a need for machining and welding but in years to come it will be more about robotics and 3D printing and for us it’s exciting,” she says. Katy Foster, 16, is also a technical support apprentice and has a job with Sheffield-based machine manufacturers DavyMarkham. “I wanted to do something that was hands-on but apprenticeships weren’t really talked about as an option at school. It was only because my form tutor was an ex-engineer herself and she encouraged me to come here,” Katy explains. “When we get school visits we tell the girls that it’s fun and there’s as much opportunity, if not more, as there is for the lads. I think the more schools come here and the more pupils know about the place, the more young people are likely to want to be an engineer.” Many of the apprentices, like 18- year-old Ben Kaye, have some family connection. “My granddad used to be a patternmaker so I’ve always been around engineering and as a kid I loved getting Meccano sets,” he says. Ben, from Sheffield, is a manufacturing apprentice and says he opted to come here rather than going to university. “I did engineering at college and I wanted to go to uni but the money aspect and the amount of debt put me off that. “I want to earn money as well as learn. My goal is go to uni but later in life. I want to use engineering to travel and see places around the world because the skills you learn here are transferable wherever you go.” He disagrees with those who say that apprenticeships are an easy option. “It’s different to a college, it’s a workplace. You’re getting paid while you’re here so you need to be on time. You can have a bit of banter but you’ve also got to get on with your work,” he says. “At school if you got stuck with something the teacher would help you or give you a textbook. But here if you say to a trainer ‘what am I doing wrong?’ They’ll make you work it out for yourself, which is good because that way you learn how to fix things.” At 23, Kieran Bartholomew is a bit older than most of the other apprentices. “I didn’t really know what I wanted to do when I was at school and after I left I did a couple of rubbish jobs in supermarkets and call centres to pay my way. But I knuckled down and came here and I’m finally doing something I want to do.” Kieran, from Rotherham, works for a Hoyland-based firm and believes apprenticeships can give you an edge when it comes to getting a job. “At college they teach you how to be good at a certain job, whereas here you learn how to be good at that job but you also learn how to behave in a workplace environment and the work ethic you need to be successful – so you get the best of both worlds.” Spotlight on apprenticeships It’s National Apprenticeship Week (March 6-10) and a chance to put the spotlight on apprentices working in a range of different industries. But it’s also raises questions about apprenticeships themselves. The Government has set a target of three million apprenticeships by 2020 and is introducing a levy, due to come into force in April, on employers to fund it. Most experts agree that there is a need for better vocational training in this country – and the Government’s industrial strategy has emphasised the need to improve technical education. However, in a report published earlier this year, the Institute for Fiscal Studies questioned how much extra earnings could be generated by the proposed investment in apprentices. Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Yorkshire Post means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Yorkshire Post You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Yorkshire Post Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink Our Yorkshire What's On Country Life Future Yorkshire More from The Yorkshire Post Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Dating Digital Archive Directory Holidays Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Place your ads Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out12:32 GMT +307 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Papers, Please! Boeing Suing Denmark Over Fighter Jets It Did Not Buy © AFP 2016/ POOL / Kim Hong-Ji Military & Intelligence 10:21 06.03.2017Get short URL 56950146 Last year, Denmark's quest for updating its air force turned into a thriller. Even if the Nordic kingdom after long deliberations and hot debates settled for the F-35 as a replacement for its ageing fighter jet fleet, some of the contenders are still reluctant to admit their defeat. © Flickr/ US Air Force Technical Foul: Denmark Omits Important Data to Secure F-35 DealUS aircraft manufacturer Boeing, whose Danish bid lost to fellow aircraft producer Lockheed Martin, is suing the Danish government, Danish TV-channel TV2 reported. According to a statement by the Chicago-based aircraft manufacturer, it filed the legal action against Danish Defense officials because it wants to see the documents that compelled the Danish government to choose Lockheed Martin's F-35 over the Super Hornet in a closely watched competition. Boeing is thus making good the threat it made when the Danish decision was announced in mid-2016. Boeing believes the Danish government's choice of Lockheed Martin's F-35 over the Super Hornet was a result of a flawed evaluation process, based on the fact that the Danish military officials have hitherto failed to provide all materials related to the procurement evaluation and decision. "For ten years we have been campaigning here in Denmark, talking about the Super Hornet's features in the Danish context. We felt good about the openness and the public discussion. But when the decision was taken in June last year, we expressed our disappointment with the reasons for the decision. Since then, the dialogue has stopped, and we feel that we now have to go to court," Boeing Vice President Tom Bell told TV2, stressing that one cannot expect the Danish decision to be overturned. © Flickr/ Airman Magazine Flying a Kite: Epic F-35 Deal Leaves Denmark Vulnerable and PennilessBoeing is currently vying to strike aircraft deals with Canada and India, and the Danish assessment may prove detrimental for Boeing's chances and financial reputation. In June 2016, Denmark finally put an end to the decade-long debate over the replacement for its current fleet of F-16s. Boeing, however, did not accept the decision to buy 27 F-35s worth 20 billion DKK ($3bln), accusing the Danish government of basing it on flawed information on the Super Hornet's cost and capabilities and thus not giving the American group a fair chance. In September 2016, Boeing submitted a request to Denmark's Defense Ministry for access to the documents used in the procurement evaluation process. "We believe the ministry's evaluation of the competitors was fundamentally flawed and inaccurately assessed the cost and capability of the F/A-18 Super Hornet," Boeing Vice President Debbie Rub said at the time. Denmark is one of nine partner countries that are financially involved in the futuristic F-35A fighter jet's development, which may have possibly influenced the government's choice, despite the fact that the F-35 project has been long plagued by technical problems, delays and ballooning costs.   Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 146 Related: 'Desperate' Boeing Makes Last-Ditch Attempt to Sell Warplanes to Denmark Boeing to Provide F-18 Fighter Jet Engineering Services for 7 Nations Tags: F-35, Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, Boeing, Scandinavia, United States, Denmark TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Mikhas 10:43 06.03.2017 | 3 | Edit | Delete Ungrateful Americans. Little tiny sand-pit Denmark has killed more Libyans, Syrians, Afghans and whatnot on US order & command than the other Scandinavian war criminals combined! Reply anne00marie 12:16 06.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Isn't that what TTIP is all about. The Globalist corporations, have priority over Government decisions and can sue a Government, if they do not get their own way? There again, when will the costly disaster of the F35 sort out it's problems and enter active service? Reply anne00mariein reply toMikhas(Show commentHide comment) 12:17 06.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Mikhas, Not forgetting their role in MH17 and why they could not be bothered to pick up and analyse all the evidence.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 12:30Russia Begins Advanced Arctic-Designated Military Equipment Tests 12:25German Police, Armed Forces Holding Joint Anti-Terrorist Drills 12:23Terror Alert: Italy Braces for 'Lone Wolf' Jihadist Attacks 12:19Putin, Erdogan to Discuss Anti-Terror, Syria Cooperation - Kremlin 12:18Russia Tests Advanced Surface-to-Air Long-Range Guided MissileAll news Hundreds of Marines Investigated for Sharing Nude Photos of Women Soldiers on FB 10905 Satellite Reportedly Captures First Ever Image of New Russian Drone 10604 Serbia's New Missile Will Keep NATO at Bay (VIDEO) 9746 Game Changers: Swedish Newspaper Eyes Russia's Top Guns 8513 Russian General Reveals Details of Palmyra's Liberation 7106All news Serbia's New Missile Will Keep NATO at Bay (VIDEO) 66 Congress Democrats to Trump: Wiretaps Mean You're in Trouble 41 Why Trump Administration Persists With Anti-Russian Policy 40 FBI Director Asks Department of Justice to Refute Trump's Wiretap Claims 35 Australia’s New $100M F-35As Can’t Fly Through Lightning 34All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Valentina Tereshkova, Legendary Soviet Cosmonaut Who Became First Woman in Space A New Low The First Combat Operation of Admiral Kuznetsov-Led Carrier Group News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Economy Morning News Call - India, March 6 Morning News Call - India, March 6 Source : Last Updated: Mon, Mar 06, 2017 09:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print To access the newsletter, click on the link:
 
 http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_03062017.pdf
    
    
If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/india-morning/
    
    
    FACTORS TO WATCH
    9:00 am: Junior Aviation Minister Jayant Sinha, Finance Ministry Official
Saurabh Garg, DIPP Secretary Ramesh Abhishek at IVCA’s annual conclave in New
Delhi.
    
    10:00 am: Chief Statistician T.C.A. Anant to launch national review/workshop
on SSS scheme and compilation of CPI in New Delhi.
    
    LIVECHAT-FOREX WEEKAHEAD 
    FX Buzz analyst Jeremy Boulton analyses G7 currencies at 4.30 pm. To join
the conversation, click on the link: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/communities/
    
    
    INDIA TOP NEWS
    • Boeing sounds out Indian carriers on 737 MAX-10 aircraft
    Boeing has approached India's SpiceJet and Jet Airways as it gauges
airlines' interest in its 737 MAX-10 aircraft, the stretched version of the
yet-to-be-delivered 737 MAX narrow-body jetliner, a senior executive
said.
    • India finalises bills to launch new sales tax in July
    India moved a step closer on Saturday towards launching a new national sales
tax from July after a panel of federal and state finance officials finalised two
key bills to be put before parliament.
    • Paytm E-Commerce raises $200 mln from Alibaba, SAIF Partners
    Paytm E-Commerce has raised $200 million from China's Alibaba Group and
venture capital fund SAIF Partners to expand its online retail business in a
market dominated by homegrown Flipkart and U.S. tech giant Amazon.
    • Tata-DoCoMo truce may leave Japanese firm with $790 mln to invest in India
- source
    Tata Sons will split a dispute settlement payment of $1.18 billion owed to
NTT DoCoMo over the Japanese firm's exit from a telecoms joint venture, leaving
it with about two-thirds of the amount to invest in India, a source
said.
    • China's LeEco not planning to quit Indian market, but cuts jobs 
    Chinese electronics maker LeEco has no plans to exit operations in India, it
said on Friday, refuting a media report that the company was preparing to leave
the market although it has cut almost 80 percent of its workforce.
    • GAIL signs 1st time-swap deal for U.S. LNG with Gunvor
    State-run gas company GAIL Ltd has signed a time-swap deal with Swiss trader
Gunvor to sell some of its U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG), sources said, as
the Indian firm tries to ease the burden of its costly foreign LNG supplies.

    • Sikh, told to leave country, shot in Washington state: police
    A Sikh man was shot and wounded in Washington state by an attacker who
approached him in his driveway and told him to leave the country, police and
media reported on Saturday.
    
    
    GLOBAL TOP NEWS
    • Former U.S. intelligence chief rejects Trump wiretap accusation 
    The former top U.S. intelligence official rejected President Donald Trump's
accusation that his predecessor, Barack Obama, wiretapped him even as the White
House on Sunday urged Congress to investigate Trump's allegation.
    • French conservatives in disarray as Fillon clings on
    France's conservatives appeared to be at war with themselves less than 50
days from the presidential election as Francois Fillon clung on to his
struggling, scandal-tainted campaign and senior party members fought to oust him
as their candidate.
    • S.Korea's Lotte says 4 retail stores in China closed amid political
tension 
    South Korea's Lotte Group said four of its retail stores in China were
closed after inspections by authorities, as Seoul protests at discriminating
action by China after Lotte agreed to provide land for a U.S. missile defence
system.
    
    
    LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK
    (As reported by NewsRise)
    • The SGX Nifty Futures were trading at 8,933.50, trading up 0.15 pct from
its previous close.
    • The Indian rupee is expected to open little changed to slightly higher
against the dollar, as profit booking hurt the greenback despite Federal Reserve
Chair Janet Yellen’s signal of a likely rate increase this month. 
    • Indian government bonds are poised to open lower after the U.S. Federal
Reserve Chair Janet Yellen suggested that a rate increase later this month was a
distinct possibility. The yield on the benchmark 6.97 pct bond maturing in 2026
is likely to trade in a 6.75 pct-6.82 pct band today. The paper had settled at
101.38 rupees, the highest level since Feb. 8, yielding 6.77 pct on Mar 4. On a
weekly basis, the benchmark yield fell 14 basis points.
    
    
    GLOBAL MARKETS
    • U.S. stock index futures fell on Sunday amid news of North Korea's firing
of four ballistic missiles and President Donald Trump's accusation that his
predecessor, Barack Obama, wiretapped him.
    • U.S. stock futures dropped and Asian shares were on the defensive as
investors weighed the near-certain prospect of an interest rate hike in the
United States this month against news of slower growth in China this year.

    • The dollar dipped in Asian trading, as investors locked in gains after the
greenback's rise last week on growing expectations of a U.S. interest rate hike
this month.
    • U.S. Treasury yields rose on Friday, with 2-year notes touching a fresh
7-1/2-year high and other maturities hitting multiweek peaks as statements from
Federal Reserve officials including Chair Janet Yellen appeared supportive of an
increase to U.S. overnight interest rates.
    • Oil prices slipped in Asian trade, wiping out some of the gains of the
previous session amid ongoing concern over Russia's compliance with a global
deal to cut oil output.
    • Gold prices held steady, supported by a weaker dollar, after falling to
the lowest since in over two weeks in the previous session after the U.S.
Federal Reserve signaled it would raise interest rates in March.
    
    
                   CLOSE        FII INVESTMENTS  EQUITIES     DEBT
 PNDF spot         66.71/66.74  March 3          $229.06 mln  $17.81 mln
 10-yr bond yield  7.21 pct     Month-to-date    -$10.92 mln  -$43.45 mln
                                Year-to-date     $1.55 bln    $1.27 bln
    
    
    For additional data:
    India govt bond market volumes                 
    Stock market reports                
    Non-deliverable forwards data              
    Corporate debt stories               [IN CORPD]
    Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT]
    Monthly inflows                      [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN]
    
    
    ($1 = 66.81 Indian rupees)
    
    

 (Compiled by Erum Khaled in Bengaluru)
  



 

 SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28240.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28870.00 (-0.45%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28610.00 (-0.38%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27650.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28270.00 (-0.14%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 43385.00 (0.64%) more talking point on sify finance Latest News Why Tamil Nadu is protesting against Neduvasal Hydrocarbon project Capt. Bharat Verma and his 'Make in India' dream for Defence Srinivas Kuchibhotla murder: Will the hate crime stop? Dear CBFC, a guide to your guidelines Ramjas College violence: Nationalism vs Free Speech debate is here to stay Lest we forget: Gujarat riots, 15 years on 15 years of Gujarat 2002 riots - why every Indian must remember 'Good' terrorists will eventually destroy Pakistan More About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Rio Olympics Cricket Football Features Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel Blogs Epaper FPJ Initiatives FPJ & IMC FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Rio Olympics Cricket Football Features + Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel Blogs Epaper FPJ Initiatives + FPJ & IMC FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Trending Now #UPElection2017 #Yadav PariWar #Sunday Features #BMCElections Home / Business / AI to raise $470 mln for buying four Boeing 787 planes AI to raise $470 mln for buying four Boeing 787 planes — By FPJ Bureau | Mar 06, 2017 07:37 am FOLLOW US: New Delhi : The government-owned Air India is looking to raise short-term loans worth over Rs 3,000 crore to partly fund acquisition of four Boeing 787 planes. It plans to induct these four planes — part of the 27 aircraft order placed with the Boeing Inc in 2006 — between July and October this year. Currently, the national carrier has 23 B787-800 planes in the fleet besides other types of Boeing and Airbus planes. To fund the purchase of four more Boeing 787 aircraft, the airline is looking for banks and financial institutions to arrange bridge financing or short term loans for a period of 15 months. The bridge finance would be up to “USD 470 million (approximately USD 117.500 million per aircraft) for partly financing acquisition of four B787-8 aircraft,” as per an Invitation of Offer document. At the current dollar-rupee exchange rate, USD 470 million translates to little over Rs 3,100 crore. For availing the short term loan, the national carrier would provide the aircraft as security. The loan amount would be repaid after it concludes a Sale and Lease Back (SLB) arrangement. Under SLB arrangement, the seller of an asset leases it back from the purchaser for a long term. There would be no government guarantee for the loan, Air India has said in the document. According to the document, Air India has sold 21 planes of the 23 Boeing 787 aircraft that are currently in operations and took them back under SLB arrangement. The SLB of the two remaining planes, which were delivered to the airline between November 2106 and January this year, is under process. Back in 2006, as part of fleet expansion plans, Air India placed orders with Boeing for 68 aircraft — 27 Dreamliners, 15 B777-300ERs, 8 B777-200LRs and 18 B-737-800s. Of these, Boeing has already delivered 61 planes to the the airline. Share this Post: « Previous Article Finmin gives in-principle nod to ESOPs by PSU banks Next Article » SBI to charge for breach of minimum balance from April 1 Tagged with: acquisition government SLB JUST ARRIVED Popular Bengali folk singer Kalikaprasad Bhattacharya dies in accident Women’s Day 2017: Creativity gives women wings to fly Censor board wants 11 cuts in ‘Anaarkali of Aarah’: producer Sandiip Kapur Melbourne to unveil female traffic light signals Women’s soccer team goalkeeper Aditi to miss Asian Cup qualifiers EDITOR’S PICK Pakistan ex-NSA Durrani spills the beans Pakistan’s former National Security Adviser Mahmud Ali Durrani’s statement that the 26/11 Mumbai attacks by terrorists in 2008 that claimed… Mayoral poll: BJP stoops to conquer The BJP has taken the wind out of the Shiv Sena’s sails by announcing that it would not contest the… Devendra Fadnavis hits a masterstroke Did Shiv Sena win its fight against the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)?  Did the BJP succumb to the pressure from… Insulate campuses from political activism There is an inclination, particularly in the mainstream and social media, that there is an exceptional degree of uniqueness associated… Immigrant-bashing takes its toll in US It is unfortunate that another ethnic Indian, a businessman in South Carolina named Harnish Patel, has been shot dead outside… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 9:25pm Tue 7 March Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Grant Bradley Aviation, tourism and energy writer for the Business Herald World's most powerful engines needed for longest flight in Qatar Airways' Boeing 777 3:00 PM Monday Mar 6, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Airlines Aviation Business Travel Qatar Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play The monster engines that power Qatar Airways' flights to Doha are beasts. They need to be. Lifting the plane with the longest range in the world take the most powerful engine in commercial aviation. To cover the ultra-long distances the Boeing 777-LR (which stands for Longer Range) must carry vast quantities of fuel. And to get a fully fuelled and passenger-laden plane of around 350 tonnes off the ground, the two GE90 engines generate close to 110,000lb of thrust or about 100,000 horsepower each. The engines are massive - close to the cabin width of a Boeing 737, weigh more than eight tonnes each and cost around $35m apiece. On a 17-hour flight between Auckland and Doha they will chug up to an estimated 170,000 litres of fuel. At takeoff thrust each engine is reportedly gobbling up to two million cubic feet of air a minute. When GE developed the engines in the 1990s just one of them was able to keep a Boeing 747 (normally a four engine plane) aloft during trials. Rocks weighing 200kg piled up behind the GE90 on the ground were tossed around like pebbles. During stationery test bed work tonnes of water, ice and dead bird carcuses were shot into trial engines to see how they reacted. The GE90 fan blade's curved design makes it larger, lighter and more aerodynamic than traditional titanium blades for reduced engine weight and lower fuel burn. Continued below. Related Content Inside the world's longest flight from Auckland to Doha Video Watch: The giant engine powering Auckland to Doha flights Northland crying out for tradies with building consents boost second-highest in New Zealand The General Electric GE90 is a family of high-bypass turbofan aircraft engines. General Electric says one example of the blade from a later model even made it to New York's Museum of Modern Art in 2007, recognised for its "cutting-edge engineering, design and beauty." The Boeing 777-200LR was dubbed the "Worldliner" during its development in the 1990s and established a world record flight of 21,601km between Hong Kong and flying eastbound across the North Pacific Ocean, across North America and then over the Atlantic to London. The 14,535km scheduled flights of around 17 hours northbound to Doha are a bit of a hop compared to the 2005 marathon. The 35 passengers on that trial flight were on board for 22 hours and 42 minutes. General Electric is now developing a new engine for the next model Boeing 777s, the 777-8, a bigger plane capable of flying 16,110km with up to 375 passengers on board. • Aviation writer Grant Bradley will travel on Qatar Airways' longest flight this week. Look out for his take on it. - NZ Herald Read more by Grant Bradley Email Grant Bradley Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Moroney: If you're up and about, look up A few weeks back, on one of those warm evenings when you can sit outside after sunset… Hawke's Bay Today Torrential rain hits Hawke's Bay A severe weather watch is in place for Northern Hawke's Bay until tomorrow afternoon… Bay of Plenty Times The Inside Story: Just how safe are our swimming spots? How safe are our swimming spots? Our Features' Top Stories Driven Infiniti Project Black S: F1 tech meets coupe road car Infiniti and Renault F1 team partnership central in Project Back S concept... Viva New eateries and bars to try around Auckland After a new place to eat, drink or all of the above? Put one of these new bars and eateries… True Commercial Kumeu’s Carriages property on the line A big property on which the well-known Carriages Cafe & Wine Bar is situated in has been… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 07 Mar 2017 22:14:36 Processing Time: 25ms
Jobs Cars Property Directory Place your Ad Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Star Search More Close ] Business Politics News Sport What's On Lifestyle Retro News Crime Education Health Celebs Action Desk News Wire Your Say Editors View National News Sheffield Wednesday Sheffield United Sport Football Ice Hockey GrassRoots Cricket Hockey Racing Athletics Basketball Boxing Darts Golf Rugby League Rugby Union Snooker Speedway Squash Swimming Business Politics What's On Cinema Food & Drink Gigs & Music Going Out Out & About Pubs & Clubs Theatre Retro Lifestyle Culture Features Gardening Cars Our Towns & Cities Barnsley Chesterfield Derbyshire & Nottinghamshire Doncaster Rotherham Sheffield EXCLUSIVE: Prime Minister says Sheffield can power engineering revolution Prime Minister's Official Portrait. Picture by Andrew Parsons / i-Images 00:01 Monday 06 March 2017 0 Have your say Boeing, McLaren and now Sheffield tech stars The Floow have announced deals set to pump millions into the city, prompting the Prime Minister to write exclusively for The Star Sheffield can help power a new engineering revolution for the UK. Prime Minister Theresa May leaves 10 Downing Street, London. Photo credit Stefan Rousseau/PA Wire I know Star readers will be delighted after the spectacular successes of luring McLaren and Boeing investments to South Yorkshire in a matter of weeks. And I want the model being pioneered in the city to be copied across the country. Combining the research expertise of Sheffield University with the craftsmanship and skill of the city’s workforce, along with the drive of local leaders, has created the backdrop to the multi-million pound deals struck with two of the world’s most famous engineering names. It is this ambition and determination that is allowing the world’s first Steel City to forge a new identity. The city’s potential for cutting edge technology and engineering clearly hasn’t been lost on international investors. And it’s not just McLaren and Boeing who have spotted it. Today’s announcement of a £13m investment into Sheffield’s thriving tech sector by three firms, including foreign investors, demonstrates the faith they have in the future of Sheffield. It’s great news for The Floow, which will be able to use the cash to double its workforce and carry on expanding the cutting-edge car safety technology that has seen it create 70 high skilled jobs in the city. But it’s also great news for the rest of Sheffield, as it clearly shows that the city is open for business. McLaren will generate about £100m for the area and create more than 200 highly skilled jobs by 2020. They’ll also be investing in science and research, which is a key target for my government. While Boeing’s plans for a civil aerospace factory mark another £20m of investment. Attracting one of the world’s most famous car brands and one of the leading names in aerospace to Sheffield were deals built on the city pooling its skills and working together. I want to see the prosperity that areas like London and the South East have enjoyed replicated across the country. That means developing and supporting key sectors to inspire an economic revival in places like South Yorkshire, and all our great regions and cities. In providing this support, I will also ask that cities do everything they can to play their part. I’m pleased to say Sheffield is doing that already. Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with The Star means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to The Star You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to The Star Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sheffield Wednesday Sheffield United Sport Business Politics What's On Retro Lifestyle More from The Star Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Dating Digital Archive Directory Holidays Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
﻿ SWISS adds capacity on Singapore route with daily Boeing 777 flight - TTG Asia - Leader in Hotel, Airlines, Tourism and Travel Trade News   Tuesday . March 07 . 2017 | HOME | ABOUT US | TTG TRAVEL AWARDS | MEDIA KITS | SUBSCRIBE           Daily News Archives Adam Tan Trade Calendar Blogs TTG Publications TTG ASIA this week TTG Asia ASEAN 50th Anniversary Special Supplement TTG Asia Luxury   Home > Daily News Archives Share | SWISS adds capacity on Singapore route with daily Boeing 777 flight Zurich, March 7, 2017   Swiss International Airlines (SWISS) has bolstered capacity on its Singapore-Zurich services as it deploys the Boeing 777-300ER on a daily basis between the two cities.   Capacity on the service was already increased last September, when SWISS deployed Boeing 777-300ER in place of Airbus 340-300 aircraft thrice-weekly, a move that has been “very well-received by customers”, according to Heiko Brix, regional director for Lufthansa Group Airlines.     The new Boeing aircraft offers 340 seats – eight in first class, 62 in business class and 270 in economy class. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   Most Popular >   Most Commented > 1. Going beyond the 101's 2. Bangladesh's one million dream: a vision impossible? 3. Fallouts from frozen relations 4. Ho Kwon Ping on working with giants 5. Kuala Lumpur up next for citizenM's expansion in Asia 6. Chasing a port of gold 7. The reinvention of tours 8. Focus on technology, enhanced buyer-seller matching at ITB China 9. U-Fly Alliance aims to spread wings beyond North Asia 10. New hotel openings: February 27 - March 3, 2017 Most Popular >   Most Commented >     Editor's pick >     The reinvention of tours by Raini Hamdi Chasing a port of gold by Raini Hamdi Bangladesh's one million dream: a vision impossible? by Rohit Kaul Fallouts from frozen relations by Going beyond the 101's by Prudence Lui   ﻿ Take our poll   Best viewed with Internet Explorer 6 or above at 1024x768 resolution. About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Terms of Use Copyright TTG Asia Media Pte Ltd © 2017 >
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Boeing has soft launch of 737 MAX 10X; woos potential customers Dan Catchpole Mon Mar 6th, 2017 5:40pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. The Boeing Co. did a soft launch Monday of a 737 MAX 10X, a stretched single-aisle aircraft to compete with Airbus’ popular A321neo. Randy Tinseth, vice president of marketing from Boeing Commercial Airplanes, confirmed at the ISTAT Americas conference in San Diego that the company is in talks with several potential customers. “In fact, we’ve already extended business offers to some of those customers,” Tinseth wrote on his company blog, Randy’s Journal, on Monday. If Boeing goes ahead with the 10X, it likely would enter service with airlines around 2020, he said. Speaking at the conference, he said that the airplane could officially launch this year, industry analyst Scott Hamilton reported on his website Leeham News and Comment. It would be the fifth version of 737 MAX, the latest iteration of the 737 family. Boeing is rolling out the 737 MAX 9 on Tuesday at its Renton plant. The 737 MAX 8 first flew in early 2016. Boeing also plans to develop the 737 MAX 7 — the smallest version — and the MAX 200, a high density version of the MAX 8. Hamilton estimates that the A321neo will still have a small advantage in capacity — three more seats in a standard two-class configuration. Tinseth claims that the MAX 10X will have greater range and 5 percent lower operating costs per seat than the A321neo. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Bothell’s new high school is modeled on the best in the world BOTHELL — Eric McDowell is a high school principal without students. For… Mar 6th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Everett woman sentenced for stealing from disabled clients EVERETT — Amanda Rios tried to bargain with the judge even after… Mar 6th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Super Kid Marysville Getchell student president: ‘People are my passion’ MARYSVILLE — Chantz San Nicolas, 17, is a positive force at Marysville… Mar 6th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Cascade High alum ready for Huskies college baseball playoff run Early in his baseball career at Cascade High School, K.J. Brady was… Mar 5th, 2017 by Rich Myhre Sound Transit in crosshairs of lawmakers who want changes OLYMPIA — Fix it or we’ll fix it for you. That’s the… Mar 6th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * 3d Printing * 3d Scanning * Rapid Prototyping * More Tags... Industry News * Engineering * More Industries... News By Place * Lake Mary   Florida   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. Expands Engineering Department with New Hire     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • 3d Printing • 3d Scanning • Rapid Prototyping Industry: • Engineering Location: • Lake Mary - Florida - USLAKE MARY, Fla. - March 6, 2017 - PRLog -- This week,NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. announced they have expanded their engineering department with the hiring of Caleb Breuner. A Washington D.C. native, Breuner first came to the central Florida area to attend school at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University where he received his degree in aeronautical engineering in 2014. During his time at Embry-Riddle, Breuner also became a certified Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) drone pilot. According to Breuner, "I've always had big interests in aeronautics and 3D technology. It's an amazing opportunity being able to pursue both of these passions and work in their respective industries." In September of 2014, after graduating from Embry-Riddle, Breuner accepted a position with ORBCOMM, a leading global provider of Machine-to-Machine, Internet of Things and tracking services, to become a Satellite Controller. As a Satellite Controller, Breuner was responsible for maintaining optimal operating parameters throughout various subsystems and ensure individual orbital elements are correct, executing scripts to enhance satellite operations and ensure continuing subsystem uptime, especially for the transmitter and receiver components, and analyzing telemetry logs to find anomalies in satellite operations. Breuner evaluated satellite paths for accuracy and efficiency using Systems Tool Kit (STK). Breuner was also responsible for troubleshooting real-time problems using data logs and archived telemetry to determine the source of the problem and working with the satellite engineers to derive a solution for the problem before returning the satellite to nominal service. After about a year of work at ORBCOMM, Breuner left the company in September of 2015 to take an Assistant Engineer position with aircraft manufacturing powerhouse, Boeing. It was at The Boeing Company where Breuner began working with metrology.  As an assistant engineer, he provided engineering support on different systems and interfacing components, devices and or processes. Breuner was also tasked with reviewing, evaluating, and analyzing design interfaces, including 3D CAD models, scan data, documentation, specifications, test plans and procedures. He worked with various 3D technologies, from conducting 3D scans to performing guided presentations of 3D CAD assemblies of facilities for clients and group attendances to participating in 3D printing scale models of industrial facilities. In February 2017, Breuner verbally accepted a position with NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. to work as an Applications Engineer. On March 1st, Breuner began his tenure at NeoMetrix, expanding the company's workforce of engineers. NeoMetrix Technologies Inc. President and CEO, Dan Perreault, expressed his high anticipations for the new hire, stating "We're extremely excited to welcome Caleb to NeoMetrix. We believe his previous experience working with metrology will solidify our engineering department and he will undoubtedly add to our company's success as a leading provider of 3D printing, 3D scanning, reverse engineering and rapid prototyping solutions." Breuner is settling into his new position nicely this first week, receiving his training on NeoMetrix Technologies' 3D scanning and 3D printing products and already providing 3D modeling services for clients. When asked about his new job, Breuner provided, "I'm really looking forward to working here at NeoMetrix. The staff here has been great this first week, introducing me to the products and services we provide and getting me trained up on the state of the art technologies we have. I couldn't be more excited to see what the future holds for me here with NeoMetrix Technologies." About NeoMetrix: NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. (www.3dscanningservices.net) is a leading provider of solutions for rapid product development throughout the southeastern United States, focusing on 3D printing, 3D scanning, reverse engineering and rapid prototyping. NeoMetrix is a value added reseller for SpaceClaim, Creaform and Geomagic Software. NeoMetrix is a licensed distributor of a variety of 3D scanning and printing devices. NeoMetrix also offers engineering consulting and technical services that focus on assisting clients with improving product quality and reducing design cycles. For more information on NeoMetrix Products & Services: ·         Contact NeoMetrix o   admin@neometrixtech.com o   (888) 696-7226 ·         Visit their website o   http://3dscanningservices.net  NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. is a registered trademark or trademarks of NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Contact Conor Kavanaugh ***@neometrixtech.com End Source : NeoMetrix Technologies Inc. Email : ***@neometrixtech.com Tags : 3d Printing, 3d Scanning, Rapid Prototyping Industry : Engineering Location : Lake Mary - Florida - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. PRs NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. to Present on 3D Printing at AmCon Orlando NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. Achieves Strategic Reseller Status for Creaform NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. Announces Availability of EvixScan 3D's Heavy Duty 3D Scanner Series NeoMetrix Technologies, Inc. Expands 3D Printer and 3D Scanner Sales in Charlotte, North Carolina NeoMetrix To Conduct 3D Scanning & 3D Printing Workshop in Atlanta Trending News Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® Natural Pet Food at Brooklyn Cat Café HipHop Showcase Bridging the Gap Between the Midwest and the South Eric Skye will be performing at Tobias Music on Saturday, April 8 Toshiba Introduces High-Resolution 5MP Bullet Camera with Enhanced Nighttime Video Surveillance Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 06, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Food Health Boomer U Voices A&E Blog A&E calendar Cultural events Family & Kids Food & Dining Local area guides Movies On Tap Beer Blog Visual arts Arts & Entertainment How to make a classic French onion soup MONDAY, MARCH 6, 2017, 1:08 P.M. This gratin lyonnais (Lyon-style caramelized onion soup made with chicken stock, sherry and thyme with crouton and gruyere cheese) was prepared by chef Jim Drohman at Le Pichet on Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Seattle. (Johnny Andrews / TNS) By Bethany Jean Clement The Seattle Times Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Jim Drohman was an aerospace engineer at Boeing, but his heart wasn’t in it. When he turned his attention to cooking, it was with a highly technical, extremely thorough mind: How did the French build their classic flavors, each element of a recipe relying upon and enhancing the others? He went to the source to study, training at L’Ecole Superieur de Cuisine Francaise Jean Ferrandi in Paris, working at restaurants including Le Boudin Sauvage and the Michelin-rated Le Coq de la Maison Blanche. Upon his return, he helmed the kitchen of Seattle’s storied, much-missed Campagne. Then, in 2000, he joined forces with business partner Joanne Herron to give us the gift of the restaurant Le Pichet. Later came its sibling, Cafe Presse. When you see French onion soup on the Pichet or Presse menu – which you will every winter, until the chill is well-dispelled in April – you may rest assured that it is the product of intensive thought. Drohman eschews the common Parisian style, made with beef stock, in favor of the chicken-stock-based mode of Lyon; the lighter flavor of the latter, he maintains, better showcases the taste of the onions. You also may rest assured that it is delicious, with the simple flavors of onion and broth augmented with not just white wine, but also sherry, and garlic, and thyme, and something he and his staff call “duck Jell-O” – “the gelatin-rich duck juices that are left in the bottom of the pot when slow-cooking duck legs for confit,” an addition he says is “typical of the French bistro kitchen, where nothing tasty is ever allowed to go to waste.” Unless you’re making duck confit at home, your version of Drohman’s soupe a l’oignon gratinee won’t be quite as rich as the bowlsful you’ll get at Le Pichet or Cafe Presse. But you’ll still have the sweet slipperiness of the caramelized onions; the bright, winey-tasting broth; the crispy-edged bread growing marvelously broth-logged; the nutty, creamy cheese pulling in strings from your spoon. And for the Seattle Times reader who wrote in search of vegetarian French onion soup, Drohman was kind enough to share the engineering behind the best vegetable stock for the job. Whichever way you decide to make it – or if you decide to let Le Pichet or Cafe Presse do the honors – this is a soup that will keep you warm until spring is really, truly here, year after year. Jim Drohman’s Soupe a l’Oignon Gratinee 2 1/2 pounds yellow onions 4 cloves garlic, germ removed 1 sprig thyme 8 slices rustic country bread, preferably day-old 1/2 stick unsalted butter 1 1/2 cups sherry 3/4 cup dry white wine 1 bay leaf 2 quarts chicken stock (or vegetable broth – see below) Salt and black pepper 2 cups grated Gruyere cheese Peel the onions, and slice thinly. Slice the garlic thinly. Wash, dry and stem the thyme. Chop it finely. Bake the slices of country bread on a sheet pan in a very low oven until dry and crispy. In a large soup pot set over medium heat, sweat the onions and garlic with the butter, stirring often, until richly colored. Add the sherry, increase the heat and cook until the sherry is almost completely reduced. Add the white wine, and reduce by half. Add the thyme, bay and chicken stock, and bring to a simmer. Simmer to combine the flavors, about 20 minutes. Carefully skim the soup to remove any fat. Correct the seasoning with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into individual bowls. Top first with the crouton, then with a nice layer of Gruyere cheese. Heat under the broiler until crusty and golden. Serve immediately. Yield: 8 servings Jim Drohman’s notes on vegetable broth Drohman’s recommendations for making a meat-free broth that’ll stand up to the rich flavors of his French onion soup, in his words: “Use roasted veggies. Roasting gives vegetables – especially onions and root veggies – a deeper, richer, almost nutty flavor that you just don’t get by putting the veg right in water, or even by sauteing the veggies in the pot before adding water. Here’s how to do it: Take some carrots, celery and root veggies, and scrub and rinse well, but don’t peel. Cut into about 1-inch chunks. Take your unpeeled garlic, onions and shallot, and cut in halves or quarters, again about 1 inch. Put all in a roasting pan or sheet pan. Drizzle with vegetable oil, stir well, then spread out in an even layer. Roast at 400 degrees, stirring every 15 minutes, until the veg is caramelized and golden. Put all into a stockpot, then deglaze the roasting pan with wine or water, scraping up all the roasty bits, and add the deglaze to the stock pot. Cover with cold water to 2 inches above the solids, and add herbs, bay, peppercorns, etc. Bring to a boil, skim well, reduce to a simmer and let cook about three hours (or more, if time allows). Strain. ”Dried mushrooms can add an earthiness (and, dare I say it, a certain meatiness) that would work well in onion soup. Just add a few to the above stock – say, 1 ounce for 2 gallons of water. I would use dried cepes (porcini), which give nice flavor but are much cheaper than dried morels. “For adding flavor and color to stock, a time-honored French technique is grilling your onions before adding to the pot. Basically, you cut the onion in half the fat way (not from root to stem; the other way), and place the cut side on a grill or in a saute pan without oil until it is completely blackened. Then add the onion to the stock pot. We do this for all brown stocks, including veg, pork, chicken and beef.” Published: March 6, 2017, 1:08 p.m.  Tags: dining, food, French Onion Soup Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Boeing to provide additional support for Saudi F-15s By Ryan Maass   |   March 6, 2017 at 1:08 PM Follow @upi Comments March 6 (UPI) -- Boeing received a $46 million contract modification from the U.S. Air Force to perform interim contractor support for Saudi Arabia's recently purchased F-15s. Interim contractor support refers to an agreement wherein a service will defer an investment due to a lack of technological capabilities, such as equipment spares or technical data. Boeing is expected to complete this service for Saudi Arabia by the end of March. The modification supports U.S. foreign military sales to Saudi Arabia. The kingdom commissioned its latest batch of F-15SA fighters in late January as part of its effort to fight extremist militants in Yemen. The contract is comprised entirely of foreign military sales to Saudi Arabia. The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center is the contracting activity. The F-15SA is a modified version of the F-15 Strike Eagle, an air supremacy jet designed for air-to-air combat missions. The aircraft is typically armed with a 20mm cannon in addition to air-to-air and air-to-ground missiles. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Hughes to provide satellite communications for SkyGuardian drones U.S. Navy buys new submarine sonar systems Russia to begin aircraft carrier upgrade this year Comments Latest Headlines European Defense Agency completes artillery accuracy project 11 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- The European Defense Agency recently completed the Course Correction Fuze project, an effort aimed at improving the accuracy for artillery munitions. Army eyes laser-guided mortar system 11 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- The U.S. Army plans to issue development contracts for a laser-guided 120mm mortar system, with plans to select one in 2018. Leonardo, PGZ to cooperate on Polish helicopters 12 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- Arms manufacturers Leonardo and Polish Armaments Group have signed a cooperation agreement on helicopter production for the Polish armed forces. Rheinmetall making ammunition for U.S. Air Force F-35s 12 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- Germany's Rheinmetall on Monday announced it will provide the U.S. Air Force with ammunition for F-35 fighters starting in December. Huntington Ingalls christens 7th National Security Cutter for Coast Guard 13 hours ago ago March 6 (UPI) -- Huntington Ingalls Shipbuilding Industries christened the seventh National Security Cutter vessel, Kimball, for the U.S. Coast Guard. UPI Latest Trending Stories Jaguars battle python in South African national park Vets remove 915 coins from stomach of turtle named 'piggy bank' Cayman diving instructor pulls knife out of shark's head British 'smart condom' counts number of thrusts, calories burned Autism linked to increased cerebrospinal fluid in infants PHOTOS 2017 Oscars: Best of red carpet President Trump: The first 100 days Emma Watson's red carpet style In photos: Manish Arora show at Paris Fashion Week Trump's Cabinet members sworn in 2017 Spirit Awards Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Environmental Mandates Encouraging the Use of Alternative Fuels is Driving the Global Aircraft Fuel Cells Market: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global aircraft fuel cells market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global aircraft fuel cells market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 06, 2017 11:23 AM Eastern Standard Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The global aircraft fuel cells market size is projected to grow to USD 439.4 million by 2021, at a CAGR of just above 6% over the forecast period, according to Technavio’s latest report. In this report, Technavio covers the market outlook and growth prospects of the global aircraft fuel cells market for 2017-2021. Based on the type of fuel cell, the market is segmented into proton exchange member fuel cell (PEMFC), solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC), direct methanol fuel cell (DMFC), molten carbonate fuel cell (MCFC), phosphoric acid fuel cell (PAFC), and alkaline fuel cell (AFC). Fuel cells generate clean electricity by utilizing energy generated from electrochemical reactions, converting chemical energy into electrical and heat energy. Boeing was the first company to use a first fuel cell to successfully power jet propulsion. Environmental mandates encouraging the use of alternative fuels is the key driving factor for the growth of the aircraft fuel cells market. This is not only pushing for increasing adoption of fuel cells in modern aircraft but also decreasing the pressure on fossil fuels. Technavio’s research study segments the global aircraft fuel cells market into the following regions: APAC Americas EMEA APAC: largest aircraft fuel cells market segment “APAC is the leading regional segment of the aircraft fuel cells market, generating close to 54% of the overall revenue. The increasing implementation of fuel cells in aircraft in the region is driven by mandates for reduction of CO₂ emissions and steady increase in the number of aircraft,” says Avimanyu Basu, a lead analyst at Technavio for aerospace research. China, Japan, and South Korea have made massive investments towards the research, development, commercialization, and adoption of PEMFCs and hydrogen fuel cells. Also, the growing preference for air travel in the region will create an additional demand for new aircraft, which will directly impact the aircraft fuel cells market. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=56864 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Americas: fastest-growing aircraft fuel cells market segment The Americas is projected to be the fastest growing regional segment, with a CAGR of 7.37% through the forecast period. The high aviation expenses and leads in technological innovations are driving the North American segment of the market. The US is the key contributor to the market segment, due to the many patents they hold and the growing number of initiatives undertaken by the government to reduce carbon emissions. Also, the region is home to some of the world's most renowned aircraft manufacturers such as Boeing, Bombardier, Gulfstream, and Embraer, which also is responsible for the impressive growth of the market segment. EMEA: government mandates and policies drives growth of market segment “The EU has introduced several mandates and policies to reduce the carbon footprint. These mandates put a limit on the usage of crude oil, with increased focus on the development and deployment of fuel cells, batteries, and alternative fuels, thereby driving the growth of the market segment,” says Avimanyu. The strong government support to the many domestic fuel cell developers in the region has propelled the demand for fuel cells in the region. Additionally, the increasing need to conserve energy has also encouraged many private players to invest in the development of fuel cell. The top vendors in the global aircraft fuel cells market highlighted in the report are: Airbus Ballard Power Systems Boeing Hydrogenics NUVERA FUEL CELLS Serenergy Browse Related Reports: Global Aerobridge Market 2017-2021 Global Fuels Market 2016-2020 Global Light Electric Aircraft Market 2016-2020 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like aerospace components, aerospace manufacturing, and aerospace products. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, resellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary The global aircraft fuel cells market size is projected to grow to USD 439.4 million by 2021, at a CAGR of just above 6% over the forecast period, according to Technavio’s latest report. #Hashtags #aircraftfuelcells #Research #Aerospace #Technavio #AerospaceandDefense $Cashtags $BLDP $HYGS Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Dienstag, 07. März | 09:32 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 17:23 | 06.03.2017 Environmental Mandates Encouraging the Use of Alternative Fuels is Driving the Global Aircraft Fuel Cells Market: Technavio The global aircraft fuel cells market size is projected to grow to USD 439.4 million by 2021, at a CAGR of just above 6% over the forecast period, according to Technavio’s latest report. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170306005500/en/ Technavio has published a new report on the global aircraft fuel cells market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) In this report, Technavio covers the market outlook and growth prospects of the global aircraft fuel cells market for 2017-2021. Based on the type of fuel cell, the market is segmented into proton exchange member fuel cell (PEMFC), solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC), direct methanol fuel cell (DMFC), molten carbonate fuel cell (MCFC), phosphoric acid fuel cell (PAFC), and alkaline fuel cell (AFC). Fuel cells generate clean electricity by utilizing energy generated from electrochemical reactions, converting chemical energy into electrical and heat energy. Boeing was the first company to use a first fuel cell to successfully power jet propulsion. Environmental mandates encouraging the use of alternative fuels is the key driving factor for the growth of the aircraft fuel cells market. This is not only pushing for increasing adoption of fuel cells in modern aircraft but also decreasing the pressure on fossil fuels. Technavio’s research study segments the global aircraft fuel cells market into the following regions: APAC Americas EMEA APAC: largest aircraft fuel cells market segment“APAC is the leading regional segment of the aircraft fuel cells market, generating close to 54% of the overall revenue. The increasing implementation of fuel cells in aircraft in the region is driven by mandates for reduction of CO₂ emissions and steady increase in the number of aircraft,” says Avimanyu Basu, a lead analyst at Technavio for aerospace research. China, Japan, and South Korea have made massive investments towards the research, development, commercialization, and adoption of PEMFCs and hydrogen fuel cells. Also, the growing preference for air travel in the region will create an additional demand for new aircraft, which will directly impact the aircraft fuel cells market. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=56864Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.Americas: fastest-growing aircraft fuel cells market segment The Americas is projected to be the fastest growing regional segment, with a CAGR of 7.37% through the forecast period. The high aviation expenses and leads in technological innovations are driving the North American segment of the market. The US is the key contributor to the market segment, due to the many patents they hold and the growing number of initiatives undertaken by the government to reduce carbon emissions. Also, the region is home to some of the world’s most renowned aircraft manufacturers such as Boeing, Bombardier, Gulfstream, and Embraer, which also is responsible for the impressive growth of the market segment. EMEA: government mandates and policies drives growth of market segment“The EU has introduced several mandates and policies to reduce the carbon footprint. These mandates put a limit on the usage of crude oil, with increased focus on the development and deployment of fuel cells, batteries, and alternative fuels, thereby driving the growth of the market segment,” says Avimanyu. The strong government support to the many domestic fuel cell developers in the region has propelled the demand for fuel cells in the region. Additionally, the increasing need to conserve energy has also encouraged many private players to invest in the development of fuel cell. The top vendors in the global aircraft fuel cells market highlighted in the report are: Airbus Ballard Power Systems Boeing Hydrogenics NUVERA FUEL CELLS Serenergy Browse Related Reports:Global Aerobridge Market 2017-2021Global Fuels Market 2016-2020Global Light Electric Aircraft Market 2016-2020Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like aerospace components, aerospace manufacturing, and aerospace products. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently.About TechnavioTechnavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, resellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170306005500/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 10:27 Uhr | 07.03.2017 OTS: PwC PriceWaterhouseCoopers / ... 10:20 Uhr | 07.03.2017 China holt bei europäischen ... 10:18 Uhr | 07.03.2017 Zuversicht in Digitalbranche - ... 10:11 Uhr | 07.03.2017 APA ots news: Drei: Für App ... 10:09 Uhr | 07.03.2017 Chinas Devisenreserven wieder ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK selected World Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability England selected Regions Sheffield & South Yorkshire selected Sheffield & South Yorkshire Sheffield & South Yorkshire Prime Minister Theresa May: South Yorkshire to help 'pioneer engineering revolution' 6 March 2017 From the section Sheffield & South Yorkshire Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-south-yorkshire-39180823 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Google Image caption The Advanced Manufacturing Park on the Rotherham-Sheffield border has a Rolls Royce jet engine factory, a nuclear research centre and a Boeing aerospace facility The Prime Minister has said South Yorkshire could help "power a new engineering revolution" for the UK. Theresa May told the Sheffield Star last month's investment announcements by Boeing and McLaren were a "spectacular success" for the region. Both firms have announced facilities at the Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre between Rotherham and Sheffield. Mrs May said she wants the model being pioneered in South Yorkshire to be copied across the country. She told The Star: "Attracting one of the world's most famous car brands and one of the leading names in aerospace to Sheffield were deals built on the city pooling its skills and working together. "I want to see the prosperity that areas like London and the South East have enjoyed replicated across the country. Image caption Theresa May said South Yorkshire can "help power a new engineering revolution for the UK" "That means developing and supporting key sectors to inspire an economic revival in places like South Yorkshire, and all our great regions and cities." The Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre (AMRC) at Catcliffe, on the Sheffield-Rotherham border, was founded by the University of Sheffield and Boeing in 2001 on the site of the old Orgreave coking plant. It is a centre for collaborative research and now houses a nuclear research facility and a Rolls Royce jet engine factory. Sheffield tech firm The Floow has also recently announced a £13 million investment package there. In February McLaren announced plans for a £50m supercar chassis factory on the site, creating 200 jobs. Image copyright MOHD RASFAN/Getty Image caption McLaren Automotive announced plans for the £50m supercar chassis factory in February, saying it was a "logical next step" for the supercar manufacturer Soon after, Boeing announced a £20m, 2,300 sq m plant - its first European commercial factory - alongside the AMRC to manufacture hi-tech parts for aircraft wings. Boeing also plans a major research and development programme to develop new manufacturing techniques. Related Topics University of Sheffield Sheffield Rotherham Rolls-Royce Theresa May Engineering Boeing Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story McLaren Automotive to spend £1bn on expansion plan 1 March 2016 Boeing to open first European factory at Catcliffe 24 February 2017 McLaren supercar chassis facility to come to South Yorkshire in £50m deal 8 February 2017 Expansion plan for Sheffield high-tech research centre 1 May 2015 Research projects secure £290m to 'drive innovation' 7 June 2013 Nuclear research centre in Sheffield gets £37m boost 30 October 2012 South Yorkshire's cutting edge technology 2 April 2014 Related Internet links AMRC Boeing UK University of Sheffield The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Top Stories Facebook criticised over child images A senior MP voices "grave doubts" about Facebook's moderation system after a BBC investigation. 7 March 2017 Briton 'suffers two-month rape ordeal' 7 March 2017 Cash for new grammar schools in Budget 7 March 2017 Features The selfies that tell Celine's story of depression How a teenager from Afghanistan invented a superhero Gasping in the French Alps for the wrong reason The spy boss dragged through the mud 'I lost five babies due to husband's violent nightmares' Video Being the face of the Trump resistance A celebration of photography Reality Check: Are taxes going up to 1986 levels? The far-right website that secretly records journalists News navigation England Sections England Regions Sheffield & South Yorkshire selected Home UK selected UK Home England selected N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Air Lease Corporation Announces Lease Placement of Seven New Airbus A321neo LR Aircraft with Aer Lingus Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 06, 2017 9:00am   Comments Share: LOS ANGELES, March 06, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) announced long term lease agreements with Aer Lingus for seven new Airbus A321neo LR aircraft to operate on transatlantic and other routes. The aircraft are from ALC's order book with Airbus. "The lease of the A321neo LR aircraft from ALC is the culmination of a long relationship with Aer Lingus. We have seen their long range fleet evolve from Boeing 747s to Airbus A330s to now Airbus A321s. We take great pride in extending our relationship with Aer Lingus. The A321neo LR aircraft leased from ALC will allow Aer Lingus to eventually replace four Boeing 757s, and add more non-stop routes and frequencies to U.S. and Canadian cities," said Steven F. Udvar-Házy, Executive Chairman of Air Lease Corporation. "The A321neo LR will be the perfect aircraft for Aer Lingus to provide its excellent service and allow it to expand into new markets while remaining a very profitable and successful airline," said Grant Levy, Executive Vice President of Air Lease Corporation. Delivery of the aircraft is scheduled to begin in the second quarter of 2019, with three deliveries in 2019 and four deliveries in 2020. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including expected delivery dates.  Such statements are based on current expectations and projections about our future results, prospects and opportunities and are not guarantees of future performance. Such statements will not be updated unless required by law.  Actual results and performance may differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) ALC is a leading aircraft leasing company based in Los Angeles, California that has airline customers throughout the world.  ALC and its team of dedicated and experienced professionals are principally engaged in purchasing commercial aircraft and leasing them to its airline customers worldwide through customized aircraft leasing and financing solutions.  For more information, visit ALC's website at www.airleasecorp.com. About Aer Lingus Aer Lingus, part of International Airlines Group, operates as a leading Irish airline primarily providing passenger and cargo transportation services from Ireland to the United Kingdom and Europe and also to the United States and Canada. Investors:
Mary Liz DePalma
Director of Investor Relations
Email: mdepalma@airleasecorp.com 

Media: 
Laura St. John 
Manager, Media and Investor Relations 
Email: lstjohn@airleasecorp.com View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 RTN, GD: Jim Cramer Advises His Viewers On Costco, Zoe's Kitchen And General... 2 VRTX, PTX: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 3 TWTR, FB: Snap Says It May Never Become Profitable; Here's Wh... 4 EXEL, ENZN: Icahn's (Potential) Move Into Biotech 5 MAT, WWE: The Most Valuable Toy Brands 6 EBAY, ZG: This Earnings Season Made Netf... 7 KFY, NX: Keep an Eye on These 5... 1 URBN, TLRD: Focus Points For Tailored Brands Q4 Report 2 DB: Deutsche Bank's Capital Raise, Explained 3 XLF: Lendable: Fintech Provides Immediate Credit Decisions And Funds T... 4 SPY, HEDJ: Things Keep Looking Up For This Europe ETF 5 LOGI, AMZN: Logitech Is Ready To Show It Is Bigger Than Ju... 6 PANW: What's Happening With Palo Alto Resellers? 7 Cotton Futures Extend Gains View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Projects C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers VPT - High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications Suppliers SCOTTY Group - Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Suppliers HUBER+SUHNER - Electronic Systems and Components for Airforce Applications Electronic Systems and Components for Airforce Applications Suppliers AOS Technologies - High-Speed Cameras and Digital Cameras for Airborne and Military Applications High-Speed Cameras and Digital Cameras for Airborne and Military Applications Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Mar 6 2017 Tapestry to modernise maintenance processes for Kuwait Air Force US-based company and Boeing division Tapestry Solutions has collaborated with contractor Kay & Associates to upgrade maintenance processes for the Kuwait Air Force (KAF). The project will be carried out under a contract modification received from the US Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR). The scope of the project includes the automation and standardisation of the KAF maintenance management infrastructure by using GOLDesp maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) software. "Receiving this contract is a significant milestone for our company as it demonstrates the KAF's confidence in our software and services." In June 2011, GOLDesp MRO was incorporated for the KAF F/A-18 fighter attack aircraft under an original contract received from NAVAIR. Tapestry Solutions president and chief executive officer a Robin Wright said: “The implementation of our enterprise-level software will significantly reduce operational costs for the KAF while improving their productivity and equipment availability. “Receiving this contract is a significant milestone for our company as it demonstrates the KAF's confidence in our software and services.” GOLDesp offers automated workflow tools used to manage MRO for both military and commercial customers, along with maintaining crews to endure precise tracking and management of inventory through the supply chain, thereby enhancing the total asset visibility of movements and repairs. With the implementation of GOLDesp, users can assess maintainability and reliability, schedule and record maintenance actions, as well as control and update configurations, right down to a component's part and serial number. The software can also be used to manage each step of the repair process with an aim to cut down on repair cycle times and costs. GOLDesp supports MRO and supply chain management for lifecycle support of complex assets for land, air, sea as well as space. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Industry HOME INDUSTRY ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Industry Boeing offers military version of Leonardo's AW139 for the UH-1N replacement Geoff Fein, Washington, DC - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 06 March 2017 Boeing has unveiled its MH-139 helicopter in the competition to replace the US Air Force's UH-1N 'Huey' fleet, which protects intercontinental ballistic missiles and transports US government and security forces. Source: Boeing Boeing will bid its MH-139, a military variant of Leonardo Helicopters' AW139, for the US Air Force (USAF) UH-1N 'Huey' replacement programme. The air force's requirements for a new helicopter to protect its intercontinental ballistic missiles and to transport US government and security forces are expected to be released when the draft request for proposals (RFP) is published in April, Richard Lemaster, directorUH-1N replacement and capture team lead for Boeing told Jane's on 2 March. "We understand the missions the aircraft is going to fly and we are convinced we have the ability to put some non-developmental items on the aircraft in order to [meet] those specific air force requirements … tailoring the configuration to our operator specific requirements," he said. The final RfP is expected in July 2017 with a contract award anticipated in 2018. Boeing will leverage the US Federal Aviation Administration's certification that the company and Leonardo have on the AW139, Lemaster said, adding the characteristics of the MH-139 are what make it such a good fit for the Huey replacement effort. For example, the design of the MH-139 will make it much easier for maintainers to keep the helicopter flying, Lemaster said. The avionics components are located in the nose of the aircraft with a removable cowling that swings up to enable access. Unlike in the UH-1N, the transmission is located above the cabin space and is accessible by sliding a cowling forward. Another cowling toward the aft slides toward the tail to enable access to the engines, Lemaster said. "This whole cowling splits in half. From the forward section, you have access to the entire transmission all mounted above the cabin, you can get to the hydraulics, electrical connections, and fuel connections. It is very easy to get in and do the preventive maintenance that is necessary," he said. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (327 of 872 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defense Industry Solutions IHS Jane's Defense Industry & Market Intelligence Centre IHS Jane's Defense: News Intelligence Centre Module IHS Jane's DS Forecasting IHS Jane's Offsets Advisory Module IHS Jane's Defence Weekly AMERICAS All-Sea Underwater bought by private equity group INDUSTRY RCAF aims for 2018 first deployment with Cyclone maritime helicopter MILITARY CAPABILITIES RCAF: Aurora upgrade exceeds expected improvements MILITARY CAPABILITIES Jamaica commissions new Damen vessels SEA PLATFORMS MS-117 sensor trialled on Global Hawk C4ISR: AIR AMERICAS All-Sea Underwater bought by private equity group INDUSTRY RCAF aims for 2018 first deployment with Cyclone maritime helicopter MILITARY CAPABILITIES RCAF: Aurora upgrade exceeds expected improvements MILITARY CAPABILITIES Jamaica commissions new Damen vessels SEA PLATFORMS MS-117 sensor trialled on Global Hawk C4ISR: AIR DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS All-Sea Underwater bought by private equity group INDUSTRY China announces 7% increase in 2017 defence spending INDUSTRY European Commission starkly sets out range of options for EU's post-Brexit future INDUSTRY German NH90s begin medevac mission in Mali INDUSTRY JASDF scrambles fighters as Chinese military aircraft fly near Okinawa INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS All-Sea Underwater bought by private equity group INDUSTRY China announces 7% increase in 2017 defence spending INDUSTRY European Commission starkly sets out range of options for EU's post-Brexit future INDUSTRY German NH90s begin medevac mission in Mali AIR PLATFORMS JASDF scrambles fighters as Chinese military aircraft fly near Okinawa INDUSTRY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY All-Sea Underwater bought by private equity group IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY DRDO hands over weapon-locating radar, NBC reconnaissance vehicle to Indian Army IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY RCAF aims for 2018 first deployment with Cyclone maritime helicopter IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY RCAF: Aurora upgrade exceeds expected improvements IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY India successfully test-fires AAD interceptor missile IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY All-Sea Underwater bought by private equity group INDUSTRY DRDO hands over weapon-locating radar, NBC reconnaissance vehicle to Indian Army CBRNE & EOD DEFENCE RCAF aims for 2018 first deployment with Cyclone maritime helicopter MILITARY CAPABILITIES RCAF: Aurora upgrade exceeds expected improvements MILITARY CAPABILITIES India successfully test-fires AAD interceptor missile WEAPONS FEATURED REPORT China reorients strategic military intelligence The restructuring of China's military in 2015 and 2016 has had a profound impact on the country's domestic and foreign intelligence capabilities. Peter Mattis analyses the impact of the reforms and considers the outlook for China's intelligence apparatus Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrive your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Title *    Address * Department *    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 07 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Saudi partners with private sector to implement metro projects Saudi banking sector's monthly profits surge by 16% Abu Dhabi's Mubadala, Russia-China fund eyeing stake in Eurasia Drilling Abu Dhabi delays opening of new airport terminal Fresh on the menu: classic Dubai outlets close to make way for newcomers New mall to include Dubai's second Ikea store Dubai's Emaar chairman hopes for better year after tough 2016 Qatar's QInvest co-invests in posh residential development in US Saudi partners with private sector to implement metro projects Qassim governor inaugurates developmental projects in Al-Asyah Saudi Arabia's top 10 mega projects valued at $92bln Abu Dhabi delays opening of new airport terminal Abu Dhabi's Mubadala, Russia-China fund eyeing stake in Eurasia Drilling Funds expect Saudi Aramco to be valued around $1-1.5trn Saudi Arabia plans to determine cost of water projects Global LNG demand set to grow 4-5% by 2030: Shell Outlook Saudi banking sector's monthly profits surge by 16% Doha Bank gets nod to raise capital by 20% Funds expect Saudi Aramco to be valued around $1-1.5trn Egypt pound weakens as dollar demand picks up Kuwait's Warba Bank sets initial price guidance for dollar sukuk Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank considering dollar sukuk issue Saudi Arabia can emerge as global leader in Islamic finance Dubai Financial Market launches platform to trade ETFs Nissan introduces 'Desert Camel Power' to measure performance on sand Fintech forecast to redesign GCC financial sector by 2020 GCC states reaffirm commitment to make e-services accessible to all UAE's Ministry of Interior tops list of most used apps Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE optimistic about growth in 2017 Saudi minister Al-Qassabi unveils initiatives to attract investments Yemen government faces another cash crunch Bahrain moves to dissolve leftist society UAE optimistic about growth in 2017 Saudi minister Al-Qassabi unveils initiatives to attract investments Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Qatar tourism growth to generate $17.8bln Jordan's GDP growth seen picking up to 2.3% in 2017 Yemen government faces another cash crunch Jordan media faced restrictions in 2016 Palestinian gunman killed in clash with Israeli forces Egypt's parliament to finalize investment law this month- official Egypt pound weakens as dollar demand picks up Remittances from Egyptians at $5bln in three months after currency float Egypt more attractive to foreign investments after currency float Malaysian police say foiled attack on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi king visit Etihad tells travellers to check with U.S. missions after new Trump order Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges Trump uncertainty slowing US travel bookings Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Kuwait's Warba Bank sets initial price guidance for dollar sukuk Emaar pulls down Dubai, ex-dividend shares hit Qatar Dubai's Emaar Properties board proposes 15% cash dividend Dollar holds gains on Fed's near-certain March rate hike Emaar pulls down Dubai, ex-dividend shares hit Qatar Dubai's Emaar Properties board proposes 15% cash dividend Doha Bank gets nod to raise capital by 20% Mideast stocks factors to watch Mar 7 Dollar holds gains on Fed's near-certain March rate hike Egypt pound weakens as dollar demand picks up Qatar Reinsurance launches $450mln perpetual bond Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank considering dollar sukuk issue Iraq still to make a purchase in 50,000 T wheat tender Gold steady amid Fed rate hike expectations India's gold imports surge on pent-up demand Gold steadies on safe-haven buying, weaker dollar Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law New cricket laws: big bats dismissed, player send-offs introduced Egypt's parliament to finalize investment law this month- official Malaysian police say foiled attack on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi king visit Abu Dhabi Police arrest gang for $354mln bogus investment scam Saudi Shoura Council approves law for distribution of dry gas Oman imposes 100% service charge on tobacco products at airport arrival Trump's travel ban 2.0: What changed from the first one? Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges Malaysian police say foiled attack on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi king visit Abu Dhabi Police arrest gang for $354mln bogus investment scam Call to combat issue of illegal foreigners in Saudi Arabia Trafficked and abused: Indonesia's Middle East maid ban backfires Egypt's parliament to finalize investment law this month- official New arbitration law to make Qatar 'investment-friendly' Facebook suspends location-sharing feature after Italian copyright suit Call to combat issue of illegal foreigners in Saudi Arabia Call to combat issue of illegal foreigners in Saudi Arabia New UAE law safeguards rights of children Exorbitant fee hikes in Saudi private schools anger parents Emirates ID now doubles up as insurance card in UAE Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE weather alert: Motorists cautioned due to low visibility by fog Female Saudi horse trainer sees hope for women Dubai's Emirates airline turns spotlight on women Nissan introduces 'Desert Camel Power' to measure performance on sand Oman imposes 100% service charge on tobacco products at airport arrival Emirates ID now doubles up as insurance card in UAE Options of financing IVF in Dubai Scientists create first artificial mouse "embryo" from stem cells Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Tuition hike suspended for 2 years in Saudi schools The business of education and the rising school fees in Dubai Dubai education authority asks students to request rainy day offs Cairo-based artist brings paintings to life Female Saudi horse trainer sees hope for women Fresh on the menu: classic Dubai outlets close to make way for newcomers Nissan introduces 'Desert Camel Power' to measure performance on sand UAE flag raised on world's highest sand dune in Oman UAE weather alert: Motorists cautioned due to low visibility by fog Omanis with special needs to get 50% discount on flights Trump uncertainty slowing US travel bookings Neverland goes back on the market 'Logan' roars with massive $85.3mln debut Guns N' Roses UAE organiser under fire on social media Burkina Faso director gives African women authentic voice New cricket laws: big bats dismissed, player send-offs introduced Peshawar Zalmi thrash Gladiators to win PSL Golf-Johnson wins in Mexico to cement world number one ranking Dubai hurray for Murray at long last Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article aviation UAE's Etihad Airways continues sustainability drive across its global airline fleet 06 March, 2017 06 March 2017 Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, has continued to make improvements in the fuel efficiency of its fleet, resulting in substantial reductions in carbon dioxide emissions and reinforcing the sustainability credentials of the airline. The airline’s dedicated fuel efficiency team drove numerous initiatives across all operational functions of the business, saving over 60,000 tonnes of fuel. This 2.5% improvement during 2016 amounts to nearly 190,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide savings, the equivalent of 1,200 flights between Abu Dhabi and London or the removal of over 40,000 cars from the road.  Fuel consumption is influenced by many factors such as the aircraft and engine type, the weight being carried and the duration of the flight. The airline is working on several key initiatives to optimise efficiency, both with the aircraft itself and through external collaboration with aircraft manufacturers such as Boeing and Airbus. Richard Hill, Chief Operations Officer for Etihad Airways, said: “Fuel optimisation is a top agenda item for any successful and sustainable airline, with Etihad Airways no exception. There have been some encouraging results during 2016 and I’m delighted to see so many of our pilots fully engaged with the programme, as this has ensured additional learning opportunities and the identification of new measures that can deliver greater fuel savings in the years ahead. It’s a vital part of our sustainability efforts and we will continue to look for ways to improve our performance.” Advertisement Reducing weight can be a vital part of fuel savings, with aircraft such as the A380 having a maximum take-off weight of 575 tonnes, equivalent to 115 African elephants or 218 Toyota Land Cruisers.  The airline has made a conscientious effort to reduce the weight of on-board items.  A ‘weight out’ programme, which resulted in the removal or replacement of on board items, led to a fuel burn reduction of 1,100 tonnes of fuel per year. Weather plays a part in influencing aircraft fuel efficiency. The airline is investing in new technology such as the ‘Boeing Wind Uplink’ scheme to ensure that flight crews have the latest information on weather patterns, allowing them to plan for the optimum fuel performance of their aircraft during flight. Fuel burn performance is negatively impacted by seasonal fog, requiring additional holding fuel to be carried, inbound to Abu Dhabi and the airline is now collaborating with the Masdar Institute of Science and Technology in Abu Dhabi to enable more accurate fog predictions. Internally, continuous reviews to holding fuel policy have allowed for more accurate calculation of additional fuel requirements, using past data to ensure adequate additional fuel requirements are met.  Airport staff are also supporting efforts to ensure that ground power is used instead of the auxiliary power unit when aircraft are on the ground. These and many other initiatives have led to the positive results delivered so far with different areas of the business such as Engineering, Airports and Guest Experience working to identify new areas where additional savings can be delivered. The environmental benefits are not only substantial but the efficiency improvement in 2016 compared to 2015 exceeds the emissions reduction goal that the industry has set itself, currently a 1.5% efficiency improvement across international aviation. By going beyond this Etihad Airways is also contributing to carbon neutral growth targets and the ultimate long term goal - for emissions to be fifty percent of 2005 levels by 2050. -Ends- About Etihad Aviation Group Etihad Aviation Group (EAG) is a diversified global aviation and travel group comprising five business divisions – Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, Etihad Airways Engineering, Etihad Airport Services, Hala Group and Airline Equity Partners. The group has minority investments in seven airlines: airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia, and Swiss-based Darwin Airline, trading as Etihad Regional. From its Abu Dhabi base, Etihad Airways flies to, or has announced plans to serve, more than 110 passenger and cargo destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Americas. The airline has a fleet of over 120 Airbus and Boeing aircraft, with 204 aircraft on firm order, including 71 Boeing 787s, 25 Boeing 777Xs, 62 Airbus A350s and 10 Airbus A380s. For more information, please visit: etihad.com For more information contact: John Greenway Etihad Airways Tel: + 971 2 511 1520 Email:  jgreenway@etihad.ae © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: sustainability uae Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Cenk Unverdi Appointed General Manager of Rixos The Palm Dubai 36 minutes ago BNY Mellon Appoints Paul Farrell as Head of Sales and Relationship Management for Corporate Trust in MENA 07 March 2017Paul Farrell has been appointed head of Sales and Relationship Management for Corporate Trust in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA). Farrell is based in Dubai and reports to Aidan Canny, Managing Director of Regional Markets and Investment Managers for Corporate Trust in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA).“Paul’s deep understanding of the regional fiduciary infrastructure 4 hours ago FSI Middle East is appointed to supply and deliver FM software solutions to Saudi National Industrial Training Institute (NITI) 1 day ago Mohammed bin Rashid appoints Helal Humaid Saed Al Kaabi as Vice Chairman of Emirates Global Centre for Accreditation This Decree is valid from 18 1 day ago Waseela appoints new chief technical officer 2 days ago GlassPoint gears-up for expansion with key Omani project development team appointments 2 days ago  from TRACCS Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 07 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Saudi partners with private sector to implement metro projects Saudi banking sector's monthly profits surge by 16% Abu Dhabi's Mubadala, Russia-China fund eyeing stake in Eurasia Drilling Abu Dhabi delays opening of new airport terminal Fresh on the menu: classic Dubai outlets close to make way for newcomers New mall to include Dubai's second Ikea store Dubai's Emaar chairman hopes for better year after tough 2016 Qatar's QInvest co-invests in posh residential development in US Saudi partners with private sector to implement metro projects Qassim governor inaugurates developmental projects in Al-Asyah Saudi Arabia's top 10 mega projects valued at $92bln Abu Dhabi delays opening of new airport terminal Abu Dhabi's Mubadala, Russia-China fund eyeing stake in Eurasia Drilling Funds expect Saudi Aramco to be valued around $1-1.5trn Saudi Arabia plans to determine cost of water projects Global LNG demand set to grow 4-5% by 2030: Shell Outlook Saudi banking sector's monthly profits surge by 16% Doha Bank gets nod to raise capital by 20% Funds expect Saudi Aramco to be valued around $1-1.5trn Egypt pound weakens as dollar demand picks up Kuwait's Warba Bank sets initial price guidance for dollar sukuk Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank considering dollar sukuk issue Saudi Arabia can emerge as global leader in Islamic finance Dubai Financial Market launches platform to trade ETFs Nissan introduces 'Desert Camel Power' to measure performance on sand Fintech forecast to redesign GCC financial sector by 2020 GCC states reaffirm commitment to make e-services accessible to all UAE's Ministry of Interior tops list of most used apps Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE optimistic about growth in 2017 Saudi minister Al-Qassabi unveils initiatives to attract investments Yemen government faces another cash crunch Bahrain moves to dissolve leftist society UAE optimistic about growth in 2017 Saudi minister Al-Qassabi unveils initiatives to attract investments Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Qatar tourism growth to generate $17.8bln Jordan's GDP growth seen picking up to 2.3% in 2017 Yemen government faces another cash crunch Jordan media faced restrictions in 2016 Palestinian gunman killed in clash with Israeli forces Egypt's parliament to finalize investment law this month- official Egypt pound weakens as dollar demand picks up Remittances from Egyptians at $5bln in three months after currency float Egypt more attractive to foreign investments after currency float Malaysian police say foiled attack on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi king visit Etihad tells travellers to check with U.S. missions after new Trump order Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges Trump uncertainty slowing US travel bookings Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Kuwait's Warba Bank sets initial price guidance for dollar sukuk Emaar pulls down Dubai, ex-dividend shares hit Qatar Dubai's Emaar Properties board proposes 15% cash dividend Dollar holds gains on Fed's near-certain March rate hike Emaar pulls down Dubai, ex-dividend shares hit Qatar Dubai's Emaar Properties board proposes 15% cash dividend Doha Bank gets nod to raise capital by 20% Mideast stocks factors to watch Mar 7 Dollar holds gains on Fed's near-certain March rate hike Egypt pound weakens as dollar demand picks up Qatar Reinsurance launches $450mln perpetual bond Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank considering dollar sukuk issue Iraq still to make a purchase in 50,000 T wheat tender Gold steady amid Fed rate hike expectations India's gold imports surge on pent-up demand Gold steadies on safe-haven buying, weaker dollar Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law New cricket laws: big bats dismissed, player send-offs introduced Egypt's parliament to finalize investment law this month- official Malaysian police say foiled attack on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi king visit Abu Dhabi Police arrest gang for $354mln bogus investment scam Saudi Shoura Council approves law for distribution of dry gas Oman imposes 100% service charge on tobacco products at airport arrival Trump's travel ban 2.0: What changed from the first one? Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges Malaysian police say foiled attack on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi king visit Abu Dhabi Police arrest gang for $354mln bogus investment scam Call to combat issue of illegal foreigners in Saudi Arabia Trafficked and abused: Indonesia's Middle East maid ban backfires Egypt's parliament to finalize investment law this month- official New arbitration law to make Qatar 'investment-friendly' Facebook suspends location-sharing feature after Italian copyright suit Call to combat issue of illegal foreigners in Saudi Arabia Call to combat issue of illegal foreigners in Saudi Arabia New UAE law safeguards rights of children Exorbitant fee hikes in Saudi private schools anger parents Emirates ID now doubles up as insurance card in UAE Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE weather alert: Motorists cautioned due to low visibility by fog Female Saudi horse trainer sees hope for women Dubai's Emirates airline turns spotlight on women Nissan introduces 'Desert Camel Power' to measure performance on sand Oman imposes 100% service charge on tobacco products at airport arrival Emirates ID now doubles up as insurance card in UAE Options of financing IVF in Dubai Scientists create first artificial mouse "embryo" from stem cells Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Tuition hike suspended for 2 years in Saudi schools The business of education and the rising school fees in Dubai Dubai education authority asks students to request rainy day offs Cairo-based artist brings paintings to life Female Saudi horse trainer sees hope for women Fresh on the menu: classic Dubai outlets close to make way for newcomers Nissan introduces 'Desert Camel Power' to measure performance on sand UAE flag raised on world's highest sand dune in Oman UAE weather alert: Motorists cautioned due to low visibility by fog Omanis with special needs to get 50% discount on flights Trump uncertainty slowing US travel bookings Neverland goes back on the market 'Logan' roars with massive $85.3mln debut Guns N' Roses UAE organiser under fire on social media Burkina Faso director gives African women authentic voice New cricket laws: big bats dismissed, player send-offs introduced Peshawar Zalmi thrash Gladiators to win PSL Golf-Johnson wins in Mexico to cement world number one ranking Dubai hurray for Murray at long last Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article aviation UAE's Etihad Airways continues sustainability drive across its global airline fleet 06 March, 2017 06 March 2017 Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, has continued to make improvements in the fuel efficiency of its fleet, resulting in substantial reductions in carbon dioxide emissions and reinforcing the sustainability credentials of the airline. The airline’s dedicated fuel efficiency team drove numerous initiatives across all operational functions of the business, saving over 60,000 tonnes of fuel. This 2.5% improvement during 2016 amounts to nearly 190,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide savings, the equivalent of 1,200 flights between Abu Dhabi and London or the removal of over 40,000 cars from the road.  Fuel consumption is influenced by many factors such as the aircraft and engine type, the weight being carried and the duration of the flight. The airline is working on several key initiatives to optimise efficiency, both with the aircraft itself and through external collaboration with aircraft manufacturers such as Boeing and Airbus. Richard Hill, Chief Operations Officer for Etihad Airways, said: “Fuel optimisation is a top agenda item for any successful and sustainable airline, with Etihad Airways no exception. There have been some encouraging results during 2016 and I’m delighted to see so many of our pilots fully engaged with the programme, as this has ensured additional learning opportunities and the identification of new measures that can deliver greater fuel savings in the years ahead. It’s a vital part of our sustainability efforts and we will continue to look for ways to improve our performance.” Advertisement Reducing weight can be a vital part of fuel savings, with aircraft such as the A380 having a maximum take-off weight of 575 tonnes, equivalent to 115 African elephants or 218 Toyota Land Cruisers.  The airline has made a conscientious effort to reduce the weight of on-board items.  A ‘weight out’ programme, which resulted in the removal or replacement of on board items, led to a fuel burn reduction of 1,100 tonnes of fuel per year. Weather plays a part in influencing aircraft fuel efficiency. The airline is investing in new technology such as the ‘Boeing Wind Uplink’ scheme to ensure that flight crews have the latest information on weather patterns, allowing them to plan for the optimum fuel performance of their aircraft during flight. Fuel burn performance is negatively impacted by seasonal fog, requiring additional holding fuel to be carried, inbound to Abu Dhabi and the airline is now collaborating with the Masdar Institute of Science and Technology in Abu Dhabi to enable more accurate fog predictions. Internally, continuous reviews to holding fuel policy have allowed for more accurate calculation of additional fuel requirements, using past data to ensure adequate additional fuel requirements are met.  Airport staff are also supporting efforts to ensure that ground power is used instead of the auxiliary power unit when aircraft are on the ground. These and many other initiatives have led to the positive results delivered so far with different areas of the business such as Engineering, Airports and Guest Experience working to identify new areas where additional savings can be delivered. The environmental benefits are not only substantial but the efficiency improvement in 2016 compared to 2015 exceeds the emissions reduction goal that the industry has set itself, currently a 1.5% efficiency improvement across international aviation. By going beyond this Etihad Airways is also contributing to carbon neutral growth targets and the ultimate long term goal - for emissions to be fifty percent of 2005 levels by 2050. -Ends- About Etihad Aviation Group Etihad Aviation Group (EAG) is a diversified global aviation and travel group comprising five business divisions – Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, Etihad Airways Engineering, Etihad Airport Services, Hala Group and Airline Equity Partners. The group has minority investments in seven airlines: airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia, and Swiss-based Darwin Airline, trading as Etihad Regional. From its Abu Dhabi base, Etihad Airways flies to, or has announced plans to serve, more than 110 passenger and cargo destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Americas. The airline has a fleet of over 120 Airbus and Boeing aircraft, with 204 aircraft on firm order, including 71 Boeing 787s, 25 Boeing 777Xs, 62 Airbus A350s and 10 Airbus A380s. For more information, please visit: etihad.com For more information contact: John Greenway Etihad Airways Tel: + 971 2 511 1520 Email:  jgreenway@etihad.ae © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: sustainability uae Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Cenk Unverdi Appointed General Manager of Rixos The Palm Dubai 36 minutes ago BNY Mellon Appoints Paul Farrell as Head of Sales and Relationship Management for Corporate Trust in MENA 07 March 2017Paul Farrell has been appointed head of Sales and Relationship Management for Corporate Trust in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA). Farrell is based in Dubai and reports to Aidan Canny, Managing Director of Regional Markets and Investment Managers for Corporate Trust in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA).“Paul’s deep understanding of the regional fiduciary infrastructure 4 hours ago FSI Middle East is appointed to supply and deliver FM software solutions to Saudi National Industrial Training Institute (NITI) 1 day ago Mohammed bin Rashid appoints Helal Humaid Saed Al Kaabi as Vice Chairman of Emirates Global Centre for Accreditation This Decree is valid from 18 1 day ago Waseela appoints new chief technical officer 2 days ago GlassPoint gears-up for expansion with key Omani project development team appointments 2 days ago  from TRACCS Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Blue Origin Boss Jeff Bezos Lays Out His Plan for Space Space tourism, orbital manufacturing, and, one day, a colony on the Moon. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Mar 6, 2017 at 6:13PM "It's time for America to go back to the Moon, and this time to stay. We can do it. It's a difficult but worthy objective." -- Amazon.com founder, Blue Origin owner, and The Washington Post savior Jeff Bezos Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) CEO Jeff Bezos is on a winning streak. Shares of the internet retailer that Bezos founded are up more than 70% off their lows of last February. At the same time, Bezos' pioneering space launch company, Blue Origin, is also doing well. Last June, Blue Origin and Bezos won the prestigious Heinlein Prize for "progress in commercial space activities that advances [the] dream of humanity's future in space." Last week, Bezos picked up another award, this time from Aviation Week, which declared Blue Origin its 60th Annual Space Laureate. At the acceptance dinner for the latter award, Bezos let slip some surprising revelations. In the space of less than 15 minutes, he laid out for Aviation aficionados his latest plans for space exploration -- and I'll bet a lot of what he had to say will surprise you. Here are a few of the highlights. Jeff Bezos dreams of package deliveries to space. Image source: Blue Origin. Humans return to space In the nearest term, Blue Origin's New Shepard suborbital rocket, powered by the liquid hydrogen-liquid oxygen BE-3 engine that it built in-house, is preparing to carry human tourists to the edge of space. Flight safety tests are ongoing, and if the company holds true to its plans, paying passengers could begin visiting space aboard New Shepard as soon as next year. Last year, Blue Origin broke ground on a massive new rocket factory in Florida, which will build the rockets to take them there. ...and to the Moon But Earth orbit is just the beginning. In an "exclusive" report the day of the Aviation Week award, The Washington Post (also owned by Bezos) reported that Bezos wants to create an "Amazon-like shipment service for the moon that would deliver gear for experiments, cargo and habitats by mid-2020." Bezos expanded on the idea at the awards dinner, saying Blue Origin wants to "partner with NASA" on this service, with an eye to eventually establishing a permanent human settlement on the Moon. A white paper on the subject (reviewed by the Post) confirms that this is not an idea that originated at NASA, but rather a project Blue Origin is urging NASA to adopt -- and offering to help out with, and help fund, if NASA is amenable. Getting to the Moon could be done with Blue Origin's New Glenn rocket, now under development. Alternatively, says Bezos, "our architecture can fly on top of SLS" that Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) are building for NASA, "or it can fly on top of the [smaller] Atlas 551 and deliver a more modest payload to the surface of the Moon." Either way, Blue Origin believes it can have a "Blue Moon" lander (based on New Shepard's vertical-landing technology) ready and able to begin moon landings as early as July 2020. Incidentally, Bezos argues that such a lunar settlement is a necessary precursor to the manned Mars mission that NASA is planning to conduct circa 2034: "I think that if you go to the Moon first and make the Moon your home, then you can get to Mars more easily." Beyond 2020 And what comes after that? Like his competitor Elon Musk at SpaceX, Bezos believes that reusability "is a key" to commercializing space. As Bezos explains, "The reason that Amazon has succeeded is ... because so many thousands of start-up companies can participate. That's because the cost of [participating in the internet economy] is very low." But now, Bezos wants  to use Blue Origin to do to space exploration what he's already done to package delivery with Amazon. The trouble with space travel, Bezos explains, is that "the cost of admission ... is quite high.... So very few experiments get done." The cost of the fuel needed to reach orbit (or even the Moon) is "trivially small," says Bezos -- about $0.10 per pound, or a few hundred thousand dollars per launch. The real reason space is so expensive, therefore, is that the spacecraft that burns the fuel is an expensive piece of hardware that's thrown away after every mission. Like Musk at SpaceX, Bezos believes that developing reusable spacecraft that can launch and land -- on Earth, on the Moon, or elsewhere -- will permit companies to cut out the cost of expendable spacecraft, and pay mainly for the "trivial" cost of fuel when traveling to space. This will lower the cost of space launches, and permit more start-up companies to launch cheaper things, and experiment with space travel. Made in space And Bezos believes this is essential. Laying out the math, he suggests one take the current energy usage on Earth, and grow it just a few percentage points per year to account for population growth and rising standards of living. In just a few hundred years, says Bezos, the entire land surface of the Earth will need to be covered in solar panels to meet our energy needs. Because this is obviously impractical, Bezos believes that energy-intensive manufacturing will ultimately need to be conducted in space, where resources are abundant and solar power is available 24/7, with no clouds or weather to muck up the process. (NASA may agree. Already, it's cooperating with Made in Space to prototype and test systems for additive manufacturing -- aka 3D printing -- in orbit, including aboard the International Space Station.) Fifty-plus years from now, says Bezos, Earth will be "zoned residential and light industrial," and essentially all of our heavy manufacturing will be done in space. Bezos believes this so-called "Great Inversion" is the future for Mankind. And with New Shepard, New Glenn, and soon Blue Moon, he's helping to make it so. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Mar 6, 2017 at 6:13PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $180.93 down $-1.25 (-0.69%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $846.61 down $-3.27 (-0.38%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $267.72 down $0.04 (-0.01%) Read More Why Amazon Isn't a Threat to FedEx Corporation or United Parcel Service, Inc. Companies Are Lining Up to Lead the Drone Wars 2 Reasons PACCAR Inc. Stock Is Poised to Pop Stocks Making Moves: Is Arizona Courting Tesla? Amazon's Coming Drone War Will be Won or Lost on Capitol Hill Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Blue Origin Boss Jeff Bezos Lays Out His Plan for Space @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $AMZN, $LMT
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Airbus sees about 30 percent fewer orders for jet industry in 2017 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Mon Mar 6, 2017 | 1:52pm EST Airbus sees about 30 percent fewer orders for jet industry in 2017 The logo of Airbus group is pictured in Colomiers near Toulouse, France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau SAN DIEGO Airbus (AIR.PA) expects the jetliner industry to book almost 30 percent fewer net orders in 2017, but to maintain a slow increase in deliveries, its sales chief said on Monday. John Leahy, chief operating officer for customers at the world's second-largest jet producer behind Boeing (BA.N), said he expected the industry would book over 1,000 net orders in 2017 compared with around 1,400 in 2016. He did not say how this would translate into orders for Airbus, which has not issued a forecast for new commercial business this year. Leahy also said that Airbus would not embark on significant new airplane developments in coming years. "We are not planning any great new developments in the next few years ... We will be doing incremental improvements," Leahy told the Istat Americas air finance conference. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; editing by Susan Thomas) Next In Aerospace & Defense China opposes U.S. deployment of THAAD anti-missile system BEIJING China's Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday it was resolutely opposed to the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-missile system, after the U.S. military said its first elements had arrived in South Korea. [nL3N1GJ57U] Etihad tells travelers to check with U.S. missions after new Trump order DUBAI Etihad Airways is advising some passengers to run travel plans by United States diplomatic missions after President Donald Trump signed a revised executive order banning visits by nationals of six Muslim-majority nations. U.S. THAAD deployment in South Korea to be operational as early as April: Yonhap SEOUL The deployment of the U.S. military's THAAD anti-missile defense system in South Korea will be complete in one to two months and it will be operational as early as April, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported on Tuesday, citing the country's military. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad AC-130 Gunship set for laser upgrade: US Air Force plans to test radical attack weapons 'within a year' C-130 project is U.S. Special Operations Command's top unfunded priority The US Air Force also developing defensive laser weapons for B-52 bomber   By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 12:46 EST, 6 March 2017 | Updated: 16:13 EST, 6 March 2017 e-mail 20 shares View comments The U.S. Air Force hopes to begin testing a radical new laser weapon within a year. The head of Air Force Special Operations Command has revealed the plan will put a laser weapon on an AC-130 gunship.  The weapon would be mounted on the gunship and have its power gradually increased as tests progress.  Scroll down for video  A US AC-130H Spectre gunship dropping flares during a training mission. The head of Air Force Special Operations Command has revealed plans to put a laser weapon on an AC-130 gunship within ayear for radical tests. The laser-armed C-130 project is U.S. Special Operations Command's top unfunded priority, according to Lt. Gen. Brad Webb, the head of Air Force Special Operations Command. 'I'm pretty optimistic,' Webb said of the project Thursday at an Air Force Association-sponsored conference, according to Defence One.  'There are a lot of vendors that are really contributing to and continue to push that technology along.'  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Fitbit set to track sleep as well as steps as its data shows... Amazonian plants gives clues on the lives of ancient tribes... Bizarre alien 'megaship' is spotted by the International... Is this the world's most extravagant phone? The 'Darling'... Share this article Share 20 shares The command has money 'to do the first steps' of the project, Webb claimed. He also said military bosses would need to work on the 'rules on engagement' for the futuristic weapons. 'At some point … a policy discussion is going to have to be had on where and how can you use a laser and where and where and how can you not,' he said.  THE AC-130 GUNSHIP  The AC-130's  primary missions are close air support and armed reconnaissance.  They are often used to support troops in contact with enemy forces, convoy escort and point air defense.  The AC-130 is armed with a fearsome array of weaponry, including a 105 mm cannon and 25 or 40 mm gatling guns. The AC-130 users a suite of sensors ot protect itself, and  is armed with a fearsome array of weaponry, including a 105 mm cannon and 25 or 40 mm gatling guns It has a combat history dating to Vietnam, where gunships destroyed more than 10,000 trucks and were credited with many life-saving close air support missions.   During Operation Desert Storm, AC-130s provided close air support and force protection (air base defense) for ground forces.   'But I think that's a discussion to be had further down the road.'  Air Force bosses are also experimenting with fitting external laser pods to the giant B-52 bomber, allowing it to blast incoming missiles out of the sky or jam their navigation systems.   The Boeing-manufactured bomber (pictured) has been in use since 1952 and is expected to remain operating until 2040, when it'll be replaced by the Northrop Grumman's B-21. Air Force bosses are experimenting with fitting external laser pods to the giant plane, allowing it to blast incoming missiles out of the sky or jam their navigation systems. LASER WEAPONS 'COMING SOON'  Air Force bosses have boasted combat lasers will be fitted to fighters planes 'very soon' and have revealed a full scale prototype is being built. 'I believe we'll have a directed energy pod we can put on a fighter plane very soon,' Air Force General Hawk Carlisle claimed at the Air Force Association Air & Space conference last year in a presentation on what he called Fifth-Generation Warfare, according to Ars Technica. 'That day is a lot closer than I think a lot of people think it is.'    The project is part of the Air Force Research Lab's five-year plan to create power, optics and lasers to help defend large bombers such as the B-52. Air Force Chief Scientist Greg Zacharias told Scout Warrior: 'You can take out the target if you put the laser on the attacking weapon for a long enough period of time.'  The researchers say the older, larger plane cold be perfect for laser weapons, and attaching an external pod would not affect its capabilities.  Zacharias said the laser system would not be expected to work on stealthy aircraft such as F-15's or F-35's.  Lasers use extreme heat and light to burn targets without creating a large explosion. They work at very high speeds so they have an almost instant ability to destroy rapid targets and defend against enemies.  Zacharias also said that if for some reason a pilot doesn't want to destroy an incoming missile but throw it off course, lasers could jam them.  Lasers use extreme heat and light to burn targets without creating a large explosion. They work at very high speeds so they have an almost instant ability to destroy rapid targets and defend against enemies. The lasers could even be synchronized with telescopes to make them more precise for tracking and destroying attackers LASER WEAPON HISTORY  The Pentagon has experimenting with laser weapons for decades.  In 2009, the Advanced Tactical Laser — fired from a C-130 — burned a hole in the hood of a truck.  In 2014, the Navy deployed a laser on an amphibious transport dock in the Persian Gulf.  The captain of the ship was given permission to use the laser as a defensive weapon.  The Air Force and the Pentagon's Missile Defense Agency spent billions of dollars putting a laser on the nose of the 747 jetliner that would be used to shoot down ballistic missiles.  The project was canceled in 2012.   The lasers can be synchronized with telescopes to make them more precise for tracking and destroying attackers.  Aircraft lasers for fighter jets such as the B-52 could eventually be applied to a wide range of uses such as air-to-air combat, air support, counter-drone, counter-boat and ground attacks.  The Air Force Research Laboratory has said that they aim to have a plan in place for a laser weapon program by 2023.  Aircraft lasers for fighter jets such as the B-52 could eventually be applied to a wide range of uses such as air-to-air combat, air support, counter-drone, counter-boat and ground attacks. The Air Force Research Laboratory has said that they aim to have a plan in place for a laser weapon program by 2023 Ground level testing for a weapon called the High Energy Laser has been taking place for the last few years at White Sand Missile Range in New Mexico, with the first airborne tests set to take place by 2021.  Air Force leaders told Scout Warrior that they plan to also integrate the lasers in large platforms such as C-17s and C-130s, and eventually on smaller jets such as the F-15.  But these laser weapons may not stick solely to aircraft platforms.  The US Navy has plans to incorporate these lasers on US naval ships to help defend ships from drones and missiles.  The lasers could also play a crucial role in defending against ballistic missiles. According to Air Force experts, one of the clearest advantages of this laser technology is that instead of carrying a limited number of missiles on an aircraft, an energy based weapon such as a laser could fire thousand of shots using one gallon of jet fuel.  BOEING B-52 FACTS AND FIGURES  First flight: 1952 Length: 159 feet, 4 inches Wingspan: 185 feet Speed: 650 mph Range: 8,800 miles without refueling Armaments: 31,500 kilograms of ordnance, which can include bombs, mines and missiles Crew: Five Inventory: 58 active, 18 reserve Cost: US$84 million Source: US Air Force  Read more: Air Force Laser Weapons to Defend B-52 Bomber - Warrior - Scout Air Force Wants to Test a Laser on an Attack Plane Within A Year - Defense One Share or comment on this article e-mail 20 shares Most watched News videos Leopards attack giant Rock Python in Kruger National Park The Walking Dead: New strain of spice turns homeless into zombies Woman stops car to beat passenger senseless on the road Louis Tomlinson challenges photographer before taking out fan Shocking video shows moment teenager is stabbed in South Norwood Droning on!: Neighbour tries to shoot down spying drone Violent brawl breaks out after man is savagely headbutted to floor Shocking video shows why Coke Zero really is better for you The Manly ferry tackles huge swells over the weekend Dash cam captures close drive-By shooting in Kansas Avalanche crashes down mountain at Russian ski resort Clever dog says 'I love you' to its owner to get treat PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven’t done yourself... Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000... Woman driver, 22, dragged another mother from her BMW... Tragedy of woman who woke from a coma to discover she... 'Diana was the only woman he told': Former Royal butler... Deckhand captures stunning images of monster waves... Epic death match between a giant python and a leopard... Madeleine McCann's parents 'are set to sue' Karen Danczuk... CCTV shows the moment a British backpacker, 22, who was... Newborn baby was battered to death by her drug addict... British backpacker, 22, 'raped and abused' for TWO MONTHS... The 'third gender' Hijras forced to sell themselves in... Boy, 10, and his 4-year-old sister start coughing up... Trump's inauguration - the OFFICIAL photos: The National... Worldwide hunt for 'conwoman' who used fake dating... 'Off-grid' parents whose toddler weed on This Morning... 'My cousin is missing': Carole Radziwill opens up about... Yves Saint Laurent is accused of 'degrading' models and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Is THIS proof there could be life on Mars? Shock experiment suggests the red planet used to be even wetter... AC-130 Gunship set for laser upgrade: US Air Force plans to test radical attack weapons 'within a year' Is THIS what aliens look like? Stunning 3D images show scientifically-based depictions of life on other... Jeff Bezos reveals Blue Origin's 'megarocket' engine in billionaire space battle with Elon Musk's SpaceX Can YOU spot what's wrong with this desk? Mind-boggling vintage riddle will determine whether you are a... Primordial black holes are NOT responsible for the universe's dark matter, study claims NASA to recreate the coldest spot in the universe: Tiny lab to be sent to the ISS can cool to a billionth of... The race to a two hour marathon: Scientists say 'magical' feat IS possible for today's elite runners 'Alien spots' on Ceres may have been caused by massive ice volcanoes erupting, researchers find The secret of how a shark senses its prey: Researchers reveal killers use electrical fields to spot signs of... Washington DC ambulances fitted with dirty bomb detectors to 'sniff out' threats and warn of nuclear attacks Why there are always spring lambs: Groundbreaking sheep study finds animals rely on melatonin to mate at the... Is Apple set to buy its way into Hollywood? Claims firm has met with Paramount and Sony to hammer out a... Bizarre alien 'megaship' is spotted by the International Space Station camera moments before the lights dim,... A REAL Canal Street and 'water Ubers': Sci-Fi author reveals how New York could look in 2140 if global... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Happy birthday partner! Ryan Gosling joins Eva Mendes as she celebrates turning 43 with family in Los Angeles Together since 2011 Worse for wear Julianne Hough and Nina Dobrev show some battle scars from wild bachelorette weekend as they return home to Los Angeles It's Kim the movie star! Kardashian makes her Ocean's Eight cameo... and bares her figure in sheer lace gown Left very little to the imagination Anything for her princess! Pregnant Beyonce dresses five-year-old Blue Ivy in $26K silk-chiffon Gucci dress for Beauty And The Beast premiere 'Young love!' Bella Hadid and Yolanda Foster give Anwar and his older girlfriend Nicola Peltz their blessings as they post sweet kissing snap What would it take for you to marry a celeb? From backstage passes to a Beverley Hills zip code, LA locals reveal their conditions SPONSORED 'Little legends': Chris Hemsworth posts VERY cute snap of his two sons after overhearing their hilarious advice for not 'being eaten by a crocodile' 'Story of my life': Rachel Lindsay departs The Bachelor as Nick Viall narrows field after Fantasy Suite visits He enjoyed passionate nights with them Leather and lace! Kristen Bell pairs white patterned top with black mini skirt for NBC party in Hollywood Went bare-legged in nude pumps 'Haters will say it's photoshopped': Kim Kardashian posts tongue-in-cheek Snapchat photo of hourglass figure Exaggerated curves 'Be beautiful': Irina Shayk stuns in cleavage-baring snapshot of herself in sheer lace bralette Smoldering photo of herself modeling Workout queen! Bella Thorne flashes flesh in revealing mesh top and black bra for aerobics session Strutting her stuff on social media Walking to the end together! Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed hold hands on stroll ahead of Vampire Diaries series finale Romantic walk together The couple that dresses together... Lionel Richie, 67, matches in black with younger girlfriend Lisa Parigi Dressed the same Smooch! Bella Thorne and Chandler Parsons share steamy make-out session during holiday in Mexico Seems to have confirmed a romance Suits you! Emma Watson wears two glamorous outfits for TV appearance...after defending herself as a feminist Hard at work 'I should f**k Miley Cyrus': Nick Cannon rambles on YouTube after 'leaving the No. 1 show on TV to promote a mix tape' New web series PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: You know that I want you! Lady Gaga gives Christian Carino a lingering kiss... while he offers her his jacket on night out Queen of the wild! Kylie Jenner gets back to nature for latest racy swimsuit photo shoot Wowed in a series of sultry and scenic nature-inspired shots The mane attraction! Jennifer Lopez is a modern day Rapunzel as she rocks an impossibly long ponytail Spotted giving off Disney princess vibes FIRST LOOK! Former Lois & Clark star Teri Hatcher returns to comic book genre as she debuts on Supergirl...as a villain Exciting news for fans A flare for fashion! Karlie Kloss steps out in baggy red trousers as she stretches her legs in New York Sdventurously baggy trousers On pointe! Chelsea Clinton revisits her glory days as a ballerina while attending annual ballet ball with husband in New York City Turned up hand-in-hand 'I still have moments where I go, what was I thinking': As Kylie Minogue says her style has become 'refined' FEMAIL revisits her most memorable looks The ride of his life! Dita Von Teese gives her Devonshire Rex cat Aleister a lift on top of her designer luggage as she makes her way through LAX Oops! Farrah Abraham suffers wardrobe malfunction as she spills out of VERY revealing bikini during shoot in LA Didn't all go to plan  Superstar Adele gifts three-year-old with chronic lung condition tickets to her concert... after the little girl used her songs to 'learn to sing again' A very pregnant Beyonce dazzles in emerald gown as Jay Z and Blue Ivy look on at premiere of Beauty And The Beast in newly released images Ahoy, captain! Julianne Hough leads her bachelorette babes in sexy swimsuit on a luxury yacht as the party continues in the Gulf of Mexico Going strong! Felicity Huffman shines in black dress with plunging neckline at gala with William H. Macy in NYC The actress showed her slim physique Back on the trail to health! Rob Kardashian shares a snap from heart pumping hike...amid claims he is 'very unhealthy' since Blac Chyna split Ready for spring! Love star Gillian Jacobs steps out in denim mini dress with floral motifs at season 2 premiere of Netflix series Went bare-legged  Carole Radziwill opens up about alerting authorities that John F. Kennedy Jr and Carolyn Bessette were missing after their plane vanished  EXCLUSIVE: Trouble brewing? Louis Tomlinson gets the coffees in at his LA home as he calls in 'Mad Dog' lawyer to oversee airport bust-up defence  Englishwoman in New York! Trudie Styler looks effortlessly stylish without husband Sting at Our Dream Of Water premiere On the red carpet Adele wears glittering designer gown which has 10,000 Swarovski crystals as it's revealed as the ONLY dress for her entire Australian concert tour Newly engaged Samira Wiley hits Miami for bachelorette party with OINTB costars Danielle Brooks and Uzo Aduba 29-year-old star's bachelorette celebration Specs appeal! Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor rocks the geek chic look in overalls, glasses and a cardigan She's known for her quirky style Legging it! Demi Lovato shows off her 'thick thighs' yet again in tight yoga pants after sweaty session at gym Started her day with a three-hour session Flying solo! Makeup free Ruby Rose leaves Sydney Airport without her popstar girlfriend Jessica Origliasso following loved-up display Who's that? Marion Cotillard sheds demure image with long locks and plumped lips in shots from new film Shared sultry photos from her latest comedy Playtime! Chrissy Teigen shares fun Snapchat video with daughter Luna after revealing she's being treated for postpartum depression Taking tips? Pregnant Cheryl posts adoring comment on pal Kimberley Walsh's mothering snap... as speculation rumbles over baby's birth That's one expensive #BEACHelorette! Julianne Hough's exclusive 12-bed bachelorette pad cost $7k a night Located in Mexico Baby One More Time! Britney Spears does grueling crunches as she preps for Vegas residency She is focused on fitness Missing Richard Simmons is NOT being held hostage by his housekeeper, claims publicist as podcast takes US by storm Refuted the claims 'Chill out people!' Madonna posts sweet snap of newly adopted twins as she teases Rebel Heart DVD release They are reportedly called Stella and Esther The Bachelor's Vanessa Grimaldi visits a bridal shop... immediately sparking speculation she's Nick Viall's pick Three contestants left Michelle Dockery stuns in monochrome jumpsuit at New York screening of The Sense Of An Ending Showed off her svelte figure and tiny waist 'I'm really happy': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Shay gushes about new boyfriend Robert Valletta Comes after Scheana split from her husband Biking around! Pierce Brosnan enjoys a beachside bicycle ride with wife Keely Shaye Smith Handsome actor donned sporty garb Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk gives Paris Fashion Week a miss and pounds the New York sidewalk in a casual white beanie and stylish forest green coat The Force is no longer with him! Ewan McGregor is unrecognizable as overweight and balding criminal in teaser for new season of Fargo EXCLUSIVE 'I cry when I'm tired and hungry': Jourdan Dunn on toll of modelling, quitting her 'heavy' dependency on psychics and starstruck partying with Beyoncé Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000 online threats making her too scared to leave her house'  Ana Becerra, 22, was involved in the bust-up Ashley Tisdale works up a sweat at the gym after slamming Twitter troll who said she looked 'pregnant' 31-year-old High School Musical star Comedian Patton Oswalt's daughter Alice captures the hearts of thousands online by using emoji to pen a VERY bold message to President Trump Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks to team up onscreen for the first time in Steven Spielberg drama The Post Hollywood heavyweights will collaborate Bill Paxton died 11 days after undergoing ANEURYSM surgery, death certificate reveals Complications from a valve replacement triggered a stroke  Bethenny Frankel goes skinny dipping, shares girl on girl kiss and sobs over MORE cheating claims about Luann's man in explosive RHONY trailer Joshua Jackson shares a laugh with Teen Wolf actress pal Crystal Reed Barely recognizable beneath his beard, shades and cap Winning! Jon Cryer to make big return to TV after two-year hiatus with ABC comedy pilot Losing It Two-time Emmy-winning Two And A Half Men star 'Everybody was so nice!' Paris Jackson gushes about making her acting debut on Fox TV musical drama Star Plays a social media guru Her two biggest hits! Iggy Azalea flaunts her artificial assets in a VERY racy bodysuit and thigh-high boots after announcing her rap comeback Bringing the 90s back! Sofia Richie looks hip in over-sized denim jacket and retro sunglasses While out for breakfast in West Hollywood on Monday 'Our kids should not be held hostage': Chance The Rapper to donate $1 million to Chicago Public Schools after 'unsuccessful' meeting with governor Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber awkwardly clutches his back-up dancer in Perth performance, after taking to the stage more than half an hour late  Details of the engagement: Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, had TWO chaperones during proposal that took place while on a horse trail in Arkansas Here comes Heidi! Klum looks set to make a cameo appearance in Ocean's Eight as she's pictured on set Impressive and stellar line up for Ocean's Eight 'I look stupid skinny!' Amy Schumer reveals she hated her body after shedding pounds for Trainwreck 'I'm what Hollywood calls, very fat' Heather Locklear looks happy and healthy as she suns herself in a bikini on Hawaii break with daughter Ava after rehab rumors Tropical sunshine Doting mommy! Charlize Theron shows off slim frame in leggings and baggy sweater as she treats young son Jackson to lunch in LA RHOM star Joanna Krupa shows off her toned figure in a skin-tight strapless dress as she steps out at canine charity event in Warsaw 'This film is one of inclusiveness!' Josh Gad praises Beauty And The Beast for embracing 'unity' as he prepares to play Disney's first gay character Salma Hayek stuns in a lace column dress at the Alexander McQueen Paris Fashion Week Show... before going to catch Rihanna's new collection  'You're the most beautiful girl in the room': Chrissy Metz reveals the sweet note boyfriend Josh Stancil wrote her ahead of a red carpet appearance Tea time! Reese Witherspoon wears flirty dress as she picks up iced beverage in LA day after her hit series Big Little Lies airs riveting episode Which of Nick Viall's female suitors on The Bachelor will take the trip to Mexico for Bachelor In Paradise? Contestants are still a mystery Anna Faris and Eugenio Derbez to recreate Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell comedy classic Overboard Revealed as the stars in a remake - with a twist She's a catwalk queen after all... Chuckling Bella Hadid is presented with tiara by vying admirer while looking slick in white suit during Paris outing 'There's talk!' Jax Taylor reveals possible Vanderpump Rules spin-off will follow his relationship with Brittany Cartwright Girlfriend of two years Warrant out for Azealia Banks after she fails to attend a court session related to 2015 incident in which she allegedly bit female nightclub bouncer's breast Emma Watson reveals VERY intimate details of her beauty routine - down to her preferred brand of pubic hair oil and why she bathes up to THREE times a day PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven't done yourself or feminism any favors this week, you've just made a right t*t of yourself She's raised eyebrows 'Things can go amazingly and there can be ups and downs': Ruby Rose speaks about her relationship with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso 'I wish I had trusted my instincts': Kylie Minogue breaks her silence on split from fiance Joshua Sasse revealing 'I have no regrets' about the failed relationship Rita Ora covers up in quirky off-duty ensemble as she arrives back in Paris for more Fashion Week fun after last week's flying visit to the capital EXCLUSIVE: Trainer  Gunnar Peterson - the man behind Khloe Kardashian's incredible weight loss - was arrested for picking up a prostitute  Braless Stella Maxwell leaves nothing to the imagination as she flashes underboob in super cropped jumper at Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW show The Talented Mr Damon: Boston native Matt will narrate a new documentary about the marathon bombing in his hometown Boston native David Beckham dons his best tweed flat cap to shoot an advert in the park in London... and brings along his beloved pooch Olive as his co-star Single mommy? Scarlett Johansson continues to go ring-free amid rumours she's split from Romain Dauriac as she takes daughter to LA park 'I felt selfish saying I was struggling': Chrissy Teigen reveals she suffered with postpartum depression after the birth of daughter Luna Brooklyn Beckham sparks rumors romance with Chloe Moretz is back on as the exes engage in cryptic social media interaction... six months after they split  Queen's grandson Peter Phillips' firm received $917,000 for organizing her 90th birthday party - more than TWICE the amount it raised for charity Rihanna is covered up in HUGE lime green coat... while braless supermodels bare ALL at Fenty x Puma Paris Fashion Week extravaganza Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto, who is 20 years his junior, flashes her abs as they leave dinner date hand-in-hand Pair looked loved up Buckle up! Brie Larson puts on a leggy display in 1960s-inspired mini-dress as she hits promotional trail for Kong: Skull Island Featured ten buckles  Ashley Graham strips down to pose NUDE in new campaign for Prabal Gurung's first ever plus-size collection - as she asks the designer to 'dress her' Diana's former butler Paul Burrell reveals he is gay and announces he is to MARRY his lawyer boyfriend just nine months after getting divorced from his wife 'We are beyond blessed': Jamie Lynn Spears reflects on 'worst nightmare' one month after daughter's life threatening ATV accident Letting her hair down! Tiffany Trump goes zip-lining in the jungle while on vacation in Belize with boyfriend Ross during her father's wiretapping scandal  Stony-faced Ivanka is driven out of her D.C. home as Jared sets off for another day at the White House after spending the weekend in Mar-a-Lago  Janelle Monáe tweets the words 'Menstrual Period Blood' in honor of Women's History Month - and quickly takes down everyone who calls her 'gross' and 'disgusting'  Astonishing footage shows 1D star Louis Tomlinson 'wrestling a photographer and manhandling a female fan' moments before police arrest him Lorde's fans take to social media to bash Taylor Swift after complaining her new track Green Light sounds too much like her popstar pal's music They're out! Original Real Housewives Of New Jersey cast members Jacqueline Laurita and Kathy Wakile 'axed from season eight' Making Hollywood friends! UFC fighter Ronda Rousey bonds with Jaimie Alexander as she tapes guest appearance for TV's Blindspot Kenneth Lonergan SLAMS editor of college paper while defending Casey Affleck against sexual harassment allegations after student publishes 'slander' He's got specs appeal! Justin Bieber wears his favourite glasses and flaunts his tattooed biceps as he exercises and heads to skate park before Australia show 'I want people to be seen. I want them to feel less alone': Oscar winner Viola Davis makes touching speech about what drives her as an actress From Australian soap operas to Robin Hood! Margot Robbie lands second successive LEAD role after being cast as Marian in re-imagining of classic  Let's be blunt: As celebrities from Kerry Washington to Nina Dobrev go short, pro hairstylists reveal why the bob is spring's must-have haircut 'Good times!': Jennifer Lopez beams with Leah Remini and Derek Hough at Shades Of Blue viewing party as season two gets off to nice start Was with her besties  Emily Mortimer and Ben Whishaw appear as adult versions of characters Jane and Michael as new version of Mary Poppins continues filming How TLC hid sex pest Josh Duggar with a fake SUN glare in new episodes featuring Jinger's wedding special to keep him out of the series From flame red and pale pink to bright green, FEMAIL reveals how stylish stars like Kendall Jenner and Olivia Palermo are embracing cool color combos As short-handle pocketbooks become all the rage with stars like Emily Ratajkowski, FEMAIL reveals the coolest spring styles to hit the market  Cara Delevingne shows off her striking new platinum blonde locks as she steps out in cool off-duty look in Paris New look for the model  'It was incredibly eye-opening': Heartbroken EdSheeran is reduced to tears as he sings with young girl whose father died at hands of Ebola Turner Classic Movies host and film historian Robert Osborne dies at age 84 The Washington state native also interviewed a host of A-list actors  Blushing bride! Betty White, 95, wears wedding dress during teaser for upcoming episode of TV's Young & Hungry with Emily Osment 'Family day': Nick Cannon shows off new baby in very rare photo with his grandmother, mother and the twins he had with Mariah Carey Happy group shot   'Ask God to heal her!' Fantasia cancels concert after suffering second degree burns in accident on tour bus Could not perform in Memphis  Missed a step? Bachelor bad boy Nick Viall looks a little stressed as he trains for DWTS with Peta Murgatroyd Is he already worried? So what, I'm still a cot star! Pink shares snap of baby Jameson putting his vocal cords to work The 37-year-old singer shared a snap of two-and-half month old  Trouble in paradise? Body language expert warns Harry and Meghan look 'awkward' in Jamaica photos and says the Prince may already be BORED  Style setter Sienna Miller shows off her quirky dress sense in a cosy knitted hat and oversized coat as she takes her dog for a walk in New York Leggy Sophie Turner displays her endless pins in black leather hotpants as she touches down in Paris with boyfriend Joe Jonas  Got together last year 'You don't get to tell me what's wrong with MY body!' Sports Illustrated's size 16 swimwear model Hunter McGrady hits back at critics Amy Schumer is shocked when Bachelor star Nick Viall records video message saying his 'one regret' was not meeting her on reality show Ready fur a bonding day! Keri Russell sports distinctive wintry hat as she and Matthew Rhys enjoy Sunday stroll with their baby boy All bundled up Nicole Kidman goes topless in emotionally revealing shower scene on HBO's Big Little Lies The 49-year-old actress went nude for yet another scene Keeping it wheel! Cameron Diaz, 44, cuts a casually chic figure in jeans and a jumper as she shops for groceries on a low-key trip with a friend  'My boo': Iman shares rare snap of Lexi, 16, as she posts sweet message for her daughter with David Bowie Has her mother's beauty Kendall Jenner nails casual glamor in racy mesh leotard and boyfriend jeans as she heads out in Paris for another day at Fashion Week 'We were 9 and 10 years old!': Kim Kardashian shares rare carefree photo with sister Kourtney from her happy childhood long before fame hit Party of two! Makeup-free Jennifer Love Hewitt makes rare sighting during shopping spree in LA with husband of four years Brian Hallisay New mom Amber Tamblyn poses for a candid selfie in a breast milk-stained T-shirt to document the realities of life as a mother, two weeks after giving birth  'Carson Kressley defends co-star Arnold Schwarzenegger after Trump claims Terminator star was fired from The Apprentice 'I still get nervous trying new things!': Karlie Kloss talks shaping her style as she shows off her incredible figure in new Express campaign Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff  - and threatens to block anyone who deems the image 'inappropriate' Controversial snap   Katy Perry shows off her gold Nike TOOTH JEWELRY as she jokes she's looking for 'real friends' after no one told her she quinoa in her teeth 'She smelled like baby wipes!': Katy Perry's fan club members react when finally meeting their idol at iHeart Awards as she poses for selfies Kendall Jenner rocks leather top as she shows off impressive singing skills for music video... but it turns out to be Elle King New Estée Lauder ad 'He's just a racist': Don Cheadle claims Donald Trump said the n-word to his friend's father during golf tournament just moments after the two first met She's FIVE times the supermodel they'll ever be! Coco Rocha stars on a variety of glamorous covers for the latest issue of Fashion Magazine Meet laid-back Barack! Obama unveils a new casual look after ditching his stuffy White House suits for the leather jacket and jeans of his Harvard days Claudia Schiffer does her best supermodel strut as she shows off enviably toned legs in skintight jeans while out and about in London Striking supermodel  Family affair! Willow Smith showcases her eclectic style in a chic denim bomber jacket as she jets into Paris with brother Jaden ahead of Louis Vuitton show 'She is a lying b****': Kandi Burruss lashes out after Porsha Williams claims she tried to DRUG her and take her home to 'sex dungeon' on RHOA  'If I could snap my fingers? Trump would not be elected': Leighton Meester claims the election result was worse than the birth of HITLER in new interview A flare for fashion! Bella Hadid rocks a vintage look in a blue velvet tracksuit and quirky orange shades as she steps out in Paris Model turned heads   Iskra Lawrence exhibits her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging suede midi dress... as she heads to dinner after stripping to her lingerie for a clip Allison Williams strips off for X-rated scene with Alex Karpovsky as she puts on a VERY raunchy display in Girls Leaving nothing to the imagination Emily Blunt looks elegant in the most delightful way as she wears a stylish red coat with blue hat while shooting scenes for Mary Poppins Returns You're funny, dad! David Duchovny enjoys spending time with daughter Madelaine as they take in a New York Knicks game with pal Steve Buscemi Prince Jackson takes on his dad's legacy and announces a new organization to help hungry kids, and reveals 'Smooth Criminal' is his favorite video  Exes Tarek and Christina El Moussa will NOT make any extra money over five new Flip Or Flop spin-offs The couple had a high-profile split  Jessica Chastain catches the eye in a quirky black and white dress and shocking pink heels for TV appearance in Poland Wowed in Warsaw  Gnat impressed! Adele hilariously shrieks onstage as she attempts to fend off a swarm of mosquitoes during a gig in Australia  Reaction caused a buzz Happy birthday, Prince Oscar! Swedish royal tucks into a slice of cake as he celebrates his first year with an adorable photoshoot Has a sweet tooth Riding high: At 90 the Queen looks elegant in a silk scarf as she heads out on her beloved Fell pony for a trot along the Thames near Windsor Castle  Chris Brown's ex Karrueche Tran 'prepares to face the singer in court in a bid to get a permanent restraining order' Courtroom showdown 'I wanted it to be about inclusion': Justin Timberlake sends message to young fans as he takes Song of the Year at iHeartRadio Music Awards Back to work! Ruby Rose flaunts trim pins at the launch of the ROVA Flying Selfie Camera in Sydney... after celebrating Mardi Gras with girlfriend Jessica  Superhero feud! Ryan Reynolds hits back at Hugh Jackman on Twitter over hilarious 'protesters' comment at the Logan premiere in Beijing Are they available for the Oscars? Coldplay's Chris Martin has children deliver acceptance speech at iHeartRadio Music Awards  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Is a Facebook DISLIKE button on the way? New 'thumbs down' reaction has appeared on the Messenger app for some users 113 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Satellite Market 2016 – Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Global Satellite Market 2016 – Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Posted on March 6, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Satellite Global Market 2016-2022 forecast industry statistics, valuable source of guidance, direction for companies and individuals interest in the market share Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 03/06/2017 — The MRS Research Group Global Satellite Market 2017-2022 report by QY Research offers a comprehensive assessment of the Satellite market and consists of historical data, scope, significant approaches, and statistical data of the global market. Besides these, it also includes anticipated facts that are assessed with the aid of an appropriate set of postulations and techniques. The MRS Research Group report by QY Research brings to light the comprehensive study and factual information of Satellite market. The report also provides the global market segmentation based on applications, end-users, technology, and geography. The report includes rigorous data, in-depth analysis in two ways, namely, quantitative and qualitative, industry professionals' inputs and data given by the industry members and industry analysts involved in the complete value cycle. The report features thorough study of important market and their current trends, coupled with respective market segments. Information about the numerous factors and their influence on the global market and its segments is also mentioned in the report Global Market 2016 Split by Manufactures, this report focuses on sales, consumption, market share and growth rate of Global Satellite Market in each manufacture, can be divided into Boeing Lockheed Martin Northrop Grumman Corporation Space Systems Loral Airbus Defence and Space OHB Thales Alenia Space, etc. Get Free Sample Report : @ http://www.mrsresearchgroup.com/report/95662#request-sample The report emphasizes on the regional market, the keyplayers in the market, and the various market segments with an in-depth analysis on different divisions and their applications. The report offers inclusive data on the respective segments of the Global Satellite Market 2016-2022 market.The research report provides an in-depth systematic study of the Satellite market, covering key areas such as future prospects of the market, growth drivers, market restraints,Size, Share, Trends, Demand, Supply, Application, Segmentation, Opportunity, Market Development, production, capacity utilization, supply, Analysis and Forecast by 2022. Some Important Things Covers in Research Report – Market Overview Segment by Application Market by Region Market Size (Value) Market Competition by Manufacturers. Raw Materials Sources of Major Manufacturers. Production and Share by Manufacturers. Revenue and Share by Manufacturers. Average Price by Manufacturers. Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type Market Competitive Situation and Trends Market Concentration Rate Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Manufacturing Cost Analysis Send us Enquiry Before Purchasing Research Report @ http://www.mrsresearchgroup.com/report/95662#inquiry-for-buying Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers Industrial Chain Analysis Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing Downstream Buyers Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders Market Effect Factors Analysis Appendix Methodology Analyst Introduction Data Source Feel free to get in touch with us (sales@mrsresearchgroup.com / 855-465-4651) with your specific requirements, topics of interest or anything that you are not able to find on our portal. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-satellite-market-2016-production-sales-supply-demand-analysis-forecast-to-2022-777676.htm Media Relations Contact Joel John Corporate Sale Speclist MRS Research Group Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Joel John Web: http://www.mrsresearchgroup.com/market-analysis/global-satellite-market-2016-production-sales-supply-demand.html Latest News Global Smartphone Battery (Lithium Polymer) Market 2016 – Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Global Satellite Market 2016 – Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Lipoma Removal Specialist in Los Angeles Helps Patients Remove Lipomas Belldini Offers New Plus Size Tops Helping Women Sparkle and Shine Global Mobile Satellite Services Market 2016 – Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Global Smartphone Camera Lens Market 2016 – Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Maxmoneyzone.org Clarifies 1040 Tax Form Types Los Angeles, California Reason #296 Why a Quality Analysis of a Natural Based Baby Skin Treatment with Rose Oil by cGMP Compliant WasatchContractManufacturing.com Is Honest Plus Size Fashion Brand Belldini Offers Fashion for Women of All Sizes Pearson PLC (ADR) (NYSE:PSO) Shareholder Notice: Lawsuit Alleges False and Misleading Statements © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 09:33 GMT, Mar 07, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeViral Please ensure your legs are in the upright position: BA to cut space for travelers Published time: 6 Mar, 2017 16:44 Get short URL © Jacky Naegelen / Reuters British Airways has announced that it will be reducing legroom on its short-haul flights, with the carrier planning to add an extra two rows of seating to their fleet as part of budget cutting measures. The move, however, has caused an outcry online as, once the short-haul Boeing A320 and A321 planes are modified to 74cm (29 inches), BA customers will now have an inch less legroom than budget carrier Ryanair, which gives passengers 30 inches. BA classifies its short-haul flights as lasting less than 5 hours. Many online have questioned the move, asking why they should continue to pay higher fares for fewer amenities. @British_Airways What makes BA a better quality airline now on short haul flights? Pay for Snacks, legroom reduced soon. Fares not cheaper.— jnut6 (@JnJnut6) March 6, 2017 Really not sure BA is making a smart business decision here Why BA will soon have less legroom than Ryanair https://t.co/CjwyCnnHs9pic.twitter.com/oHA3FRgL9x— Adam (@AlpineCairn) March 6, 2017 BA's decent to the bottom continues >> BA to have less legroom on short-haul flights than RyanAir https://t.co/luJb1FvDH6— Stop City Airport ✈ (@StopCityAirport) March 6, 2017 When your CEO has a no thrills background this is what happens.. RIP @British_Airways it was good while it lasted https://t.co/Lk5iax1uqr— Evs (@evanssmd) March 6, 2017 That means at 6'4" I can no longer fly BA. Why BA will soon have less legroom than Ryanair https://t.co/XmfOZgE64K— peter storms (@TeAmoGems) March 6, 2017 I don't think that flyers choose @britishairways for the low prices... BA will soon have less legroom than Ryanairhttps://t.co/vNobdaJ7Hc— Anastasia Roumelioti (@anastarou) March 6, 2017 “From next year we’re making a small increase in the number of seats on our A320 and A321 fleets so we can keep fares low. Customers fly with us because we offer quality and value in all areas,” a spokesman for the airline said. This is the latest budget cutting move by BA, following the move last September to begin charging for snacks onboard short haul flights. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Grand Rapids Ballet's Michael Auer creates theatrical magic behind the scenes Print Email cultured.GR By cultured.GR The Grand Rapids Press Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 06, 2017 at 8:56 AM, updated March 06, 2017 at 9:27 AM comments Written by Steve Sucato for cultured.GR Dancers at Grand Rapids Ballet (GRB) rehearse in preparation for "MOVEMEDIA: World Premieres" performances March 10-12Eric Bouwens  "Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain," said the Wizard of Oz after being caught for the elaborate stagecraft he presented to Dorothy and her compatriots in the 1939 movie classic of the same name. It's a desire for anonymity Grand Rapids Ballet (GRB) creative director Michael Auer, the organization's own multitalented and multifaceted wizard, can identify with as well. When it comes to helping others find the courage, heart and smarts in their creative endeavors for the 46-year-old ballet organization, Auer stays behind the scenes. Michael Auer, creative director at Grand Rapids Ballet.Eric Bouwens  Much of Auer's work happens behind the scenes, working with technology, projects, and working with choreographers as a creative conduit for their visions for the music, audio, and special effects.Eric Bouwens  Born in Vienna, Austria, Auer studied ballet at the Vienna State Opera Ballet and then at New York's School of American Ballet. He went on to a professional dance career with North Carolina Dance Theatre, Eliot Feld Ballet, Frankfurt Ballet and at Pacific Northwest Ballet. With was there that he met wife Patricia Barker, a prima ballerina with the company. They've now been together for 33 years. After his career as a dancer, Auer's second career was as a self-taught computer software engineer. He has worked at Microsoft, Boeing, Carnegie Mellon and others--creating software, developing early virtual reality technology, and doing market research. That diverse skill set has served him--and GRB--well since Barker took over as artistic director in 2010. The 62-year-old Auer is not only Barker's right-hand man, artistic advisor, confidant, and sounding board. He also plays the role of website developer, IT guy, and technical liaison between guest choreographers and GRB's production staff. Instead of assuming the job title of "artistic associate," standard at most ballet companies, Auer says he bestowed upon himself the title of creative director, a title he was used to at many of the tech companies he worked for in the past. Because, along with the aforementioned duties, he takes on rehearsing and coaching roles for the company's dancers and teaching class, the position of creative director is more fitting to the broad scope of his responsibilities. Perhaps his biggest duty is acting as a creative conduit between guest choreographers/repetiteurs and the capabilities of GRB's 300-seat Peter Martin Wege Theatre. "Primarily what I do when a choreographer comes in is help facilitate things like the use of music and any audio editing that needs done. [I help with] technical requirements, such as if they are looking to do projections and special effects, and how the stage needs to be arranged," says Auer. His efforts in those areas are perhaps best seen in GRB's popular contemporary dance series "MOVEMEDIA." The series takes the creative talents of some of today's most sought after choreographers and blends them with visual elements and technology to provide a contemporary performance experience. In past "MOVEMEDIA" productions, Auer has helped choreographers with creating video projections and other special effects, including helping to make the background video of a film strip in choreographer Robyn Mineko Williams' "One Take" (2014) look vintage, and remixing the music and navigating flashlight logistics for GRB resident choreographer Penny Saunders' 2015 work for the company, "Slight." He also came up with 3D stage floor projections of water and moonlight for Mario Radacosky's 2012 ballet "Black & White: Swan Lake" that the company reprised last month. Dancers rehearse for "MOVEMEDIA" performances this weekend.Eric Bouwens  Dancers rehearse for "MOVEMEDIA" performances this weekend.Eric Bouwens  Dancers rehearse for "MOVEMEDIA" performances this weekend.Eric Bouwens  Auer says he has a personal agenda to get choreographers to understand that they have an artistic purpose behind their works and that they are not just putting steps together.  "Their piece should say something," says Auer. "It should speak to those in the audience and possibly raise a dialog in the community." For the latest iteration of "MOVEMEDIA," "World Premieres," happening March 10-12 at the Peter Martin Wege Theatre, Auer worked with Saunders again on her new ballet, "In Frame." "My goal with the work was to create an environment that connects the universal realities of love, life and death, creation and destruction, to the beauty and vulnerability of the creative process," said Saunders. Set to several tracks from Max Richter's reworked version of Antonio Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons," Saunders says she enlisted Auer to help project images of ink and watercolor paintings by artist Alice Klock during her piece. "The only reason I took on an endeavor like this is because I know that Michael Auer will figure out a way for all of this to come together," says Saunders. "I have seen him in action enough times now to know that I can count on his brain to help me make it all work." Auer also had a hand in synchronizing video projections to the music used in Robert Dekkers and Vanessa Theissen's new work for the program, "Dear Light Along the Way to Nothingness." Titled after an excerpt James Merrill's poem "Log," the 26-minute ballet for 21 dancers is set to Caroline Shaw's 2013 Pulitzer Prize-winning composition, "Partita for Eight Voices." "This work was inspired by the dancers, my collaborators (Vanessa and costume designer Christian Squires), and the present environment in which we live," says Dekkers. Rounding out what Auer refers to as "probably the biggest 'MOVEMEDIA' we've ever done" will be award-winning choreographer Robyn Mineko Williams' latest for the company. There are certainly advantages for a ballet company in having their own theater space, like not having to pay to rent another theater space, having 24/7 access to it for rehearsals, and allowing for experimentation by choreographers and technical staff. But perhaps the theater's most unique advantage is the way the stage is raked, with an incline from the front edge of the stage to the back. This allows for everyone in the audience to see the stage floor, making the use of floor projections that one might otherwise only see as an audience member in other theaters seated in the balcony. Auer says while the Peter Martin Wege theater has those advantage,s it also has its limitations. One of the biggest is the inability to fully "fly" in and out stage curtains, drops, and scenic elements such as at other venues they use like DeVos Performance Hall where the company performs its annual The Nutcracker production. Other limitations include the lack of an orchestra pit and having only a 10-foot loading dock door that prohibits bringing in large set pieces. Dancers rehearse on the Peter Wege Theatre, with projections from above the stage made possible by Auer.Tiffany Szakal  Dancers rehearse on the Peter Wege Theatre, with projections from above the stage made possible by Auer.Tiffany Szakal  In addition to helping choreographers explore the capabilities of what they can technically do with their works, Auer also helps GRB's dancers explore what they can do with their art. As mentioned, Auer teaches and coaches the dancers but particularly enjoys rehearsing and "cleaning" dance works. "I do like going in when the dancers know their steps and we can start getting people in line," says Auer. "I help the dancers add quality, dynamics, intent, and purpose to their dancing." When he is not working his magic behind the scenes at GRB, Auer says he likes to cook.  "Having places like Fish Lads of Grand Rapids and Trader Joe's has elevated our cooking at home," he says. As for Barker's culinary skills, he jokingly says "I keep Patricia [Barker] far, far away from the cooktop."  She doesn't deny it. "I think [the kitchen] is a wasted room in the house," Barker confesses. The Seattle transplants bought a house in Heritage Hill that they share with their 23-year-old pet cat Mathilda and are settling into life in Grand Rapids.  "There has been a tremendous growth in the city for the better since we arrived with an influx of new people, new buildings, new restaurants and more," says Auer. But for now, the pair's attentions are focused on the upcoming "MOVEMEDIA" production. There's plenty of magic yet to be made Barker, her dancers, and though the audience may not realize it, by man behind the curtain, Michael Auer. Grand Rapids Ballet presents "MOVEMEDIA: World Premieres" Friday, March 10 and Saturday, March 11, 7:30 p.m. Sunday, March 12, 2 p.m.  Peter Martin Wege Theatre 341 Ellsworth SW, downtown Tickets are $44 and can be purchased by calling (616) 454-4771 ext. 10  or on their website. Dancers rehearse on the Peter Wege Theatre, with projections from above the stage made possible by Auer.Tiffany Szakal  This article also appears on the cultured.GR website, where you can find this article and more conversations about the arts in Grand Rapids. Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries More Michigan Entertainment Search for events throughout Michigan Read the latest movie news and reviews Get television listings Most Read Active Discussions Entertainment Listings Events Music Food About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President G.O.P. Health Plan Would Sub Mandate With Incentives By ROBERT PEAR and THOMAS KAPLAN The plan would replace the Affordable Care Act with a system of tax credits aimed at enticing Americans to purchase insurance on the open market. In a late change, the plan was also expected to include language that limits credit eligibility for affluent Americans.  Comments How Republicans Will Change the Health Law Travel Ban 2.0: Alterations to Blunt the Legal Challenges By GLENN THRUSH With the removal of Iraq, the new order applies to six predominantly Muslim nations in an effort to improve on the one that was blocked by federal judges.  Comments Where Refugees Come From New Ban, Same Verdict in Middle East: A Slap at Muslims Video by THE NEW YORK TIMES. Photo by Stephen Crowley/The New York Times Jeff Sessions, the attorney general; Rex W. Tillerson, the secretary of state; and John F. Kelly, the secretary of Homeland Security, discussed President Trump’s revised travel ban. Puncturing the Veneer of Presidential Civility By PETER BAKER Never in recent generations has the natural friction between current and past presidents become such a spectacle. A White House-F.B.I. Disconnect on Claims of Tapping By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT The White House continued to press on Mr. Trump’s unfounded assertion and would not say if the president had sought to speak with the F.B.I. or the Justice Department. Can the President Even Order a Wiretap? Trump Asks Planned Parenthood to Stop Abortion Services By MAGGIE HABERMAN The Trump administration offered to preserve federal funding for Planned Parenthood, which does not use that money for the procedure, if it stopped aiding in them. The group declined. Another Woman With Power. Same Sexist Attacks. By SUSAN CHIRA Kellyanne Conway is the latest target, but such attacks often take the same form — angry, sexist language. Misogyny, it seems, is bipartisan.  Comments More in Politics Ben Carson Refers to Slaves as ‘Immigrants’ Sean Spicer Meets the Press. No Cameras Allowed, Again. Trump University Lawsuits May Not Be Closed After All U.S. Missile Defense System Is Deployed to South Korea By GERRY MULLANY and MICHAEL R. GORDON 2:49 AM ET The move comes after North Korea fired four ballistic missiles into the sea, and it has stoked tensions with China, which regards the deployment as an intrusion. Times Insider: North Korea’s Missile Launches Kept Failing Trump Inherits a Secret Cyberwar on North Korean Missiles North Korea Bars Malaysians From Exiting Country By RICHARD C. PADDOCK 1:11 AM ET Malaysia’s leader called the escalation of the Kim Jong-nam dispute an “abhorrent act” and responded in kind, blocking North Koreans from leaving. Justices Step Out of the Debate Over Transgender Rights By ADAM LIPTAK The Supreme Court vacated an appeals court decision in favor of a transgender boy and sent the case back for further consideration after the Trump administration changed the federal government’s position. Jury Secrecy Doesn’t Apply if Marred by Bias, Justices Rule Did the Supreme Court Base a Ruling on a Myth? The Daily 360 1:26 Tour an Art Deco Masterpiece Benjamin Norman for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Support the mission of The Times. Sponsor a student subscription today. Your Tuesday Briefing By JENNIFER JETT 12:38 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Two newly revealed stories about the transition of power from one president to the next: one of warning, the other of accusation. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Smarter Living What to Cook This Week Meatloaf with caramelized cabbage, couscous salad and more for the week ahead. Your Money How You Can Help Refugees in the U.S. By RON LIEBER All of the various ways people can donate money or time to help newly arrived refugees in the United States. Nude Photos Create Unwanted Attention for Marines By DAVE PHILIPPS An all-male, invitation-only Facebook group with more than 30,000 active duty Marines and veterans is being investigated after revelations that it had shared thousands of naked and private photos of Marine Corps women. Racing to Uber and Lyft, Riders Inch Through New York By EMMA G. FITZSIMMONS and WINNIE HU Ride-hailing apps, an existential threat to taxis, are also siphoning passengers from subways and buses, raising concerns over worsening congestion. The Search to Save the Government’s Scientific Data By AMY HARMON The Trump administration has begun changing some government websites. A group of concerned citizens has been working to preserve data it sees as politically vulnerable. Revealing the Blue-Footed Booby’s True Colors By NATALIE ANGIER With no real predators, the birds live proud, public lives. That accessibility has proved a bonanza for scientists, casting light on their mating habits and even why the shade of their feet matters. Snakes, a Life of Crime and Eventually 2 Murder Charges By ALAN FEUER After a troubled life of lawbreaking, Kwauhuru Govan was charged with killing two Brooklyn teenagers more than a decade ago. More News Man Guilty in 2015 Killing of New York Police Officer U.S. Frees Visa-Holding Afghan Family It Detained for 4 Days Turkish Referendum Has Country Trading Barbs With Germany U.S. Strike in Yemen Killed Former Guantánamo Prisoner Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. In ‘The Americans,’ History Feels Less Retro In light of today’s headlines, this Cold War drama on FX feels newly relevant — but also almost comfortingly small-scale, our critic writes. Hype Outpaces Reality in Microbe Research Scientists believe that every person contains as many independent microbial cells as human cells. Research on the microbiome is a hot topic, but it’s not easy. Review: Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Containing two excerpts from her notebooks dating to the 1970s, this book uncannily sheds light on some of the divisions splintering America today. The Opinion Pages Editorial Muslim Ban Lite By revising the ban, the administration has acknowledged it fumbled on a major campaign promise. But the result is still pernicious.  Comments President Trump’s Blinkered Fiscal Vision Op-Ed Columnists Brooks: What Romantic Regime Are You In? 3:21 AM ET Leonhardt: A Public-Health Crisis That We Can Fix 3:21 AM ET Op-Ed Contributor The Hard Truth About Refugees By JAMES TRAUB 3:21 AM ET Refugees bring with them problems that liberals would do well to recognize. Failing to do so opens the political door to right-wing xenophobes.  Comments Students on the Anti-Murray Protests at Middlebury 3:46 AM ET Vietnam ’67: America’s Case of ‘Tonkin Gulfitis’ 3:21 AM ET Join us on Facebook » User Subscriptions Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! A Eureka Moment for Two Times Reporters: North Korea’s Missile Launches Were Failing Too Often Times Insider » Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Never miss a story. Follow the columns you love. Start Following We’ll automatically add new stories to your Reading List. Following Go to your reading list This feature is an experiment. Send Feedback Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Entertainment My 10 Favorite Books: Suzanne Vega Opinion The February Revolution and a Missed Opportunity If democratic leaders had seized the chance to get Russia out of World War I, Lenin, Stalin, even Hitler would have been footnotes in history. N.Y. / Region Next Stop, 1984: Scenes From the Subway Book Review Killing Jesus: Who Was the Real Pontius Pilate? Opinion The Case for a Border-Adjusted Tax Both political parties have good reasons to favor this policy. Times Insider Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! N.Y. / Region In Times Square, Looking for Father Duffy Opinion If We Are Not Just Animals, What Are We? Fashion & Style ‘Big Little Lies’ Actress Shares Her Beauty Truths Family Don’t Beat Yourself Up Over Kids’ Accidents Opinion What if the Court in the Loving Case Had Declared Race a False Idea? It could have altered the national discourse on race decades ago. Music Gehry and Barenboim on Their Berlin Concert Hall Sections World » U.S. Starts Deploying Thaad Antimissile System in South Korea, After North’s Tests North Korea Launch Could Be Test of New Attack Strategy, Japan Analysts Say Turkish Referendum Has Country Trading Barbs With Germany Over Free Speech Business Day » Building Trade Walls House Republicans Unveil Plan to Replace Health Law Sterling Jewelers Suit Casts Light on Wider Policies Hurting Women Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Hard Truth About Refugees Editorials: President Trump’s Muslim Ban Lite David Brooks: What Romantic Regime Are You In? U.S. » A Conspiracy Theory’s Journey From Talk Radio to Trump’s Twitter Repeal of Health Law Faces a New Hurdle: Older Americans Retro Report: Trump and the Battle Over Sanctuary in America Technology » Data Firm Says ‘Secret Sauce’ Aided Trump; Many Scoff Welcome, Airbnb Guest! Your Neighbors Are the Trumps An Artist Helps iTunes’ User Agreement Go Down Easy Arts » Review: ‘The Americans’ History Suddenly Feels Less Retro Books of The Times: Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 Politics » Sessions’s Potential Deputy Faces a Stern Test on Russia Inquiries Trump’s Wiretapping Claims Puncture Veneer of Presidential Civility Rumblings of a ‘Deep State’ Undermining Trump? It Was Once a Foreign Concept Fashion & Style » Fashion Review: The Reality Distortion Field at Céline and Valentino Paris Fashion Week: Paris Fashion Week 2017: Rihanna’s High School Rebellion A Sneak Peek at the Met’s Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons Show Movies » ‘Logan’ Pulls In $85.3 Million as Fox’s Bet Pays Off Erased Onscreen: Where Are All the Interracial Couples? The Unlikely Story Behind a Palestinian Hip-Hop Film From Israel New York » The Downside of Ride-Hailing: More New York City Gridlock Though Divided, Jury Delivers Guilty Verdict in Murder of Police Officer Welcome, Airbnb Guest! Your Neighbors Are the Trumps Sports » New York City Is Recapturing Its College Basketball Heyday On Baseball: Cuba’s Yulieski Gurriel, Loyal to His Homeland, Pays a Price to Follow His Ambition With Mirth and a Mensch, Israel Upsets South Korea in W.B.C. Theater » Now That’s a Play I’d Like to See Review: ‘Frontières Sans Frontières,’ Where Poverty Is Photogenic A Loverly Revival: ‘My Fair Lady’ to Return to Broadway Next Year Science » Basics: On Galápagos, Revealing the Blue-Footed Booby’s True Colors Activists Rush to Save Government Science Data — If They Can Find It The Woolly Mammoth’s Last Stand Obituaries » Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 Thomas Platt, 91, Dies: Fined Air Traffic Controllers $100,000 an Hour Simon Hobday, Offbeat U.S. Senior Open Champion, Dies at 76 Television » Review: ‘The Americans’ History Suddenly Feels Less Retro Snapshot: Alison Wright, Exiled From ‘The Americans’ (Perhaps), Hits Broadway A Buffy Family Tree: ‘Bones’ and Demons and Rabid Fans Health » Personal Health: When a Partner Dies, Grieving the Loss of Sex In Red-State Utah, a Surge Toward Obamacare The Checkup: Accidents Happen, but Parents Still Beat Themselves Up Travel » The Getaway: Renting a Car? Know the Rules of the Road Palm Springs Is Hot. The Old Guard Is Hot Under the Collar. Where I Live: My Bangkok: City of Spirits Books » Books of The Times: Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Casting a Literary Lens on Women and Power Fiction: Is This Mic On?: A Stand-Up Comedian Wrestles With His Country and His Soul Education » Trump’s Call for School Vouchers Is a Return to a Campaign Pledge Kansas Supreme Court Says State Education Spending Is Too Low How a ‘Second Chance’ College Produced the Team to Beat Food » The Pour: Want to Pick Better Bottles? Repeat After Me: Wine Is Food What if You Could Make Great Corned Beef? Bird Flu Outbreak Found at a Tennessee Farm Sunday Review » Moises Velasquez-Manoff: What Biracial People Know Editorial: President Trump’s Island Mentality Frank Bruni: Donald Trump vs. the Food Snobs Real Estate » Voyeur: Voyeur: The Color Red The Fix: Interior Design Risks Worth Taking In Case You Missed It: February’s Top Real Estate Stories The Upshot » Public Health: G.O.P. Repeal Bill Would Cut Funding for Poor and Taxes on Rich The New Health Care: Exciting Microbe Research? Temper That Giddy Feeling in Your Gut Public Health: Obamacare Got Their Goat: An Illustrated Guide to Republicans’ Metaphors Magazine » Feature: How to Steal a River Feature: The Experimentalist on Broadway Feature: Department of Justification Automobiles » Automakers Near a Victory on Rollback of Fuel Standards Video Review: Hyundai’s Near-Luxury Sedan Has It All, Except Prestige Wheels: Building a Road Map for the Self-Driving Car T Magazine » Women’s Fashion Shows: Balenciaga, Céline, Valentino These 6 Emerging Designers Are Redefining Ugly On the Verge: Brand to Know: The Men’s Wear Line Rethinking the Button-Down Shirt Times Insider » A Eureka Moment for Two Times Reporters: North Korea’s Missile Launches Were Failing Too Often Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! The Eyes of San Francisco in a Texas Courtroom: The Sequel Real Estate » Voyeur Voyeur: The Color Red Photographs by GEORGE ETHEREDGE for THE NEW YORK TIMES Finding glimpses of red in unexpected places. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
07.03.2017 13:33   новости на русском azərbaycan dilində Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Main page Latest News Analytics Politics Business Society Sports Arts & Entertainment Azernews.az World news Weird / Interesting Photo Galleries Voice of Diaspora Your Corner TODAY.AZ / World news Kyrgyz president suggests Parliament to dissolve 06 March 2017 [17:47] - TODAY.AZ By Azernews By Kamila Aliyeva Kyrgyz President Almazbek Atambayev supported the initiative to dissolve the Parliament commenting on the statement of MP Bakyt Torobayev, the presidential press service reported on March 6. MP Bakyt Torobayev has earlier proposed his counterparts to dissolve the Parliament, Atambayev said on March 6 during the presenting of state awards at his residence. "He [Torobayev] wanted to help out his looter-brother; however, I would back his suggestion. I wanted to address the MPs, crows do not pick out crow's eyes. If you cannot find peace, get dissolved together with Bakyt Torobayev," said Atambayev. Or else, the President called the Parliament to abide law, and think of the destiny of the country and work for the sake of the nation. "If you don't want peace, then people want it," stated the President. President Atambayev said that some parliament members allege that the Boeing plane, which crashed near Bishkek in mid-January killing about 40, was carrying some cargo owned by him and that he has millions-worth of offshore property in Cyprus. “They say that my cargo was on board, they [MPs] shout about it, but know that this is not true,” he said adding that if they were sure about it, they would have already gone to Istanbul or Hong Kong to check this information and bring evidence. “If they do not have the means, I am willing to buy tickets for them, these are just rumors and attempts to blacken my name,” Atambaev said. Instead of generating laws, the Parliament, according to Atambayev, has become a place of generating rumors. Kyrgyzstan's state security service said it detained opposition leader Omurbek Tekebayev on Sunday on charges of corruption and fraud. Tekebayev, 58, leads the Ata Meken (Fatherland) party's parliamentary faction. At a session of Parliament, which addressed the issue of detention of Tekebayev, Bakyt Torobayev offered MPs to dissolve Parliament if it is not capable of solving problems. The ex-Soviet Central Asian nation will hold a presidential election on November 19. Atambayev cannot run for re-election under the Kyrgyz constitution. URL: http://www.today.az/news/regions/159216.html Tweet Print version Views: 280 Connect with us. Get latest news and updates. Follow @TRENDNewsAgency Recommend news to friend Your name: Your e-mail: Friend's name: Friend's e-mail: See Also 07 March 2017 [12:48] Iraq security forces take control of Mosul's main government building 07 March 2017 [11:53] ESISC reveals probe into "Armenian connection" network at Council of Europe 07 March 2017 [11:35] CBI: Americans can open bank accounts in Iran 07 March 2017 [11:29] Leaders of euro zone's biggest economies back multi-speed Europe 07 March 2017 [10:47] Trump, Abe hold phone conversation over North Korea missile launch 06 March 2017 [18:00] Ashgabat, Tashkent voice commitment to expand ties, ink deals 06 March 2017 [17:47] Kyrgyz president suggests Parliament to dissolve 06 March 2017 [17:29] Iran MFA spokesman: We recommend Armenia, Azerbaijan to solve their problem themselves 06 March 2017 [17:15] IAEA says Iran removes excess centrifuges from Fordow plant 06 March 2017 [14:36] Next meeting on Syria scheduled for March 14-15 Most Popular Azerbaijani federation again included in FIG’s top-10 Top official: Azerbaijan carries out lots of work for ECO development Azerbaijan to send export mission to Kazakhstan in April Azerbaijan initiates criminal case against foreign companies operating in occupied territories Azerbaijani parliamentarians to attend PACE meetings Bahraini FM: Azerbaijan has turned into one of most important countries on world arena Bundestag member remembers Khojaly genocide victims Contact us: editor@today.az Copyright © 2005-2014 Today.Az Advertising
Search the TechTarget Network Join CW+ Login Register Cookies News In Depth Blogs Opinion Videos Photo Stories Premium Content IT Salary Survey 2017 RSS IT Management IT leadership & CW500 IT architecture IT efficiency Governance Innovation Legislation & regulation Operations & support Project management Strategy Supplier management Business issues Sponsored Communities Industry Sectors Healthcare IT Charity IT Business services IT Financial services IT Government & public sector IT Leisure & hospitality IT Manufacturing IT Media & entertainment IT Retail IT SME IT Telecoms & internet Transport & travel IT Utilities IT IT suppliers Technology Topics Datacentre View All Clustering for high availability and HPC Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT Performance, monitoring and optimisation Systems management DevOps IaaS Server and Operating Systems PaaS Virtualisation SaaS Desktop virtualisation platforms Enterprise software View All AI and automation Business applications Business intelligence Cloud applications Collaboration CRM Database ERP Financial applications HR software Middleware Windows Mobile Open source Operating systems SOA Software development Software licensing Virtualisation Web software IT in Europe and Middle East View All IT in Germany IT in Italy IT in Poland IT in Russia IT in Spain IT in the Middle East IT in The Netherlands IT in Turkey IT in France IT in the Nordics Information Management View All Big data Business intelligence and analytics BPM Content management Quality/governance Data warehousing Database management MDM/Integration IT in Asia-Pacific View All IT in ASEAN IT in Australia & New Zealand Internet View All Cloud E-commerce Internet infrastructure Social media Web development IT skills View All Training Jobs Management skills Technical skills Hardware View All Chips & processors Printers Storage Data centre Mobile Networking PC Servers IT security View All Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Cybercrime IAM Risk management Network Security Management Data protection Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements Security policy and user awareness Web Application Security IT services View All Cloud Consultancy Outsourcing Hosting Offshore Startups Mobile View All Laptop Mobile software Mobile networking Smartphone Tablet Networking View All Datacentre networking Internet of Things Mobile Network hardware Network monitoring and analysis Network routing and switching Network security strategy Network software Software-defined networking Telecoms networks and broadband communications Unified communications VoIP WAN performance and optimisation Wireless Storage View All Cloud storage Compliance and storage Backup Disaster recovery Flash and SSDs Hyper-convergence Disk systems Software-defined storage Storage switches Storage management Virtualisation and storage Please select a category Datacentre Enterprise software IT in Europe and Middle East Information Management IT in Asia-Pacific Internet IT skills Hardware IT security IT services Mobile Networking Storage Follow: nikkytok - Fotolia 3D printing gets serious in the Netherlands Jasper Bakker 3D projects abound in the Netherlands, with the technology being applied to canal bridges, bicycles, ship components and buildings This Article Covers Manufacturing IT RELATED TOPICS Healthcare IT Charity IT Business services IT Financial services IT Government & public sector IT Leisure & hospitality IT In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content Fibre networks help Amsterdam to modernise historic ... – ComputerWeekly Compete in the market, not courtroom, Linux CEO tells... – ComputerWeekly Dutch creativity and pragmatism attracts IT companies... – ComputerWeekly Latest News IT staff recruitment poses major challenge in UAE and wider region CIO interview: Sarah Wilkinson, Home Office Nodeum to add S3 connectivity to LTFS-powered tape archive View All News Latest Blog Posts Amazon S3 outage: Acknowledging the role humans play in keeping the cloud going – Ahead in the Clouds Colocation HPC? Why not. – Quocirca Insights View All Blogs Download Computer Weekly In The Current Issue: Industrial control systems top threat to UK cyber security DevOps done right: Creating a collaborative and supportive business culture CIOs must become hybrid IT and digital leaders to avoid becoming unfashionable Download Current Issue The hype surrounding 3D printing started a few years ago, but is now quietening down. Gone is the buzz surrounding pioneers, innovators and investor darlings such as MakerBot, Ultimaker and the Dutch “poster child” of 3D printing – Shapeways. Download this free guide D-Day: 25 May 2018 Prepare your organisation for GDPR: Find out the key actions to take and discover the challenges as well as opportunities Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. The expectation at the start of this decade was that 3D printing would unleash a home manufacturing revolution comparable to the DTP (desktop publishing) revolution that was made possible by the PC and 2D printers. “You’ve heard of 3D printers, but you probably don’t own one yet,” wrote Wired in 2012. The comparison was made to early PCs – expensive, limited to techies, perceived as gadgets, but promising. Both had common origins as highly technical machines. And both were destined to evolve into user-friendliness and utilisation for non-technical, real-world work. But the enthusiastic prediction that most homes would have a 3D printer has not come true. This is in stark contrast to PCs, and for a long time 2D printers. Those machines did appear “on every desk and in every home”, in line with the vision of Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates. But the fact that most homes don’t have a 3D printer does not mean there is no revolution. 3D printing is slowly emerging for business applications: in healthcare, in prototyping and manufacturing, in inventory and supply chains, for example. This adoption is taking place in industry, not in the home. Analysts see eight-fold growth for the 3D printing market over the next few years, from being worth $5bn worldwide now to $40bn in 2020 – and the Dutch want part of it. Forget the 3D consumer market for now and take the industrial sector, which is currently picking up 3D printing. Look, for example, at Boeing’s new space taxi, the unmanned Starliner. The US aviation giant has hired a small company, Oxford Performance Materials, to make about 600 3D printed parts for its space programme. The parts are being made from special fire- and radiation-resistant plastics. This is quite a leap from NASA’s 2014 production of a ratchet wrench on board the International Space Station. Boeing’s use of 3D printing for its Starliner is also space bound, but in the international harbour of Dutch city Rotterdam, 3D printing is being explored for seafaring ships. Last year, the Port of Rotterdam announced its Fieldlab additive manufacturing facility for the 3D printing of ship propellers. The process is the same as regular 3D printing, but uses metal instead of plastic. The investment of several million euros into the Rotterdam Fieldlab follows a successful pilot in 2015. Read more about 3D printing Manufacturing companies are looking into more and more ways to incorporate additive manufacturing. Here is a look at some of the reasons and ways 3D printing use is evolving. Because of their lightweight nature, 3D printed braces can help improve patient compliance in the group most affected by scoliosis – adolescent females. As 3D printing disrupts business and technology mandates, CIOs can gain new relevance as business enablers. Metal is also the base material for two other Dutch 3D printing innovations – a futuristic bicycle and an artistic canal bridge in Amsterdam. The first project has already been completed. Students at the Technical University Delft printed a steel bike frame, which is just as heavy and usable as a regular frame. The Arc Bicycle, as it is known, was launched in April last year by Dutch minister of economic affairs Henk Kamp, who took it for a ride. The three-month printing process involved layering molten pieces of metal on top of each other – a process the makers describe as drawing lines in the air. The creation of the Arc Bicycle was made possible by Dutch robotics company MX3D and its multi-axis robotic arms. The dimensions of traditional 3D printers restrict the size of objects they can output, but MX3D offers “printing outside the box”, said the company’s CTO, Tim Geurtjes. This approach is markedly different from another Dutch project, 3D Print Canal House, designed by DUS Architects. This ambitious project aims to make a complete Amsterdam canal house, printed in parts that then need to be assembled. The 3D printer used for the project is a repurposed shipping container called the KamerMaker. Meanwhile, MX3D is about to start another 3D printing project – a pedestrian bridge. Its 3D printing robots will build a canal bridge, metal drop by metal drop, to form a load-bearing mesh. This showcase innovation is planned for Amsterdam’s red light district. Since the scheme was announced in the summer of 2015, MX3D has been experimenting and refining the bridge, designed by Dutch artist Joris Laarman. Spain appeared to have beaten the Netherlands’ scoop for the world’s first 3D printed bridge when a structurer was installed in a Madrid park last December. But the Spanish bridge was made from concrete, produced in eight parts and then assembled. The Dutch bridge will see the printing robots making the stainless steel structure as they cross it – meeting in the middle to finish the construction. Watch the bridge grow However, contrary to the initial plan – and mock-up photos – the printing will not be done live on location at the Oudezijds Achterburgwal, because although the bridge itself will be weather (and tourist) proof, the robots (and the construction process) are not. Instead, it will be done in MX3D’s studio in Amsterdam-Noord, where the public can come to watch the bridge grow. Production is scheduled to start during the first quarter of this year, and the bridge should be in situ in the red light district at the beginning of next year. This 3D printing project may be a showcase, but it is also a sign of serious industrial interest in the Netherlands. One of the parties involved is venerable Dutch construction giant Heijmans, a 93-year-old company that is also taking part in the plastic printed 3D Canal House. While that build will take about three years to complete, the possibilities for more custom construction and creative output are intriguing the Dutch, who see a third industrial revolution, merging digital with manufacturing. The possibilities have also caught the Netherlands government’s attention. At the end of last year, the ministry of economic affairs unveiled an action plan for smart industry. Working with Dutch research and technology organisations, it aims to boost development and standards for smart industrial applications. This includes 3D printing, which is seen as an economic growth area. The hip development area of Amsterdam-Noord is already home to an impressive mix of building styles – now 3D printing promises to break the mould for housing, bridges, bicycles, ship parts, and more. CW+ Features Enjoy the benefits of CW+ membership, learn more and join. E-Handbook UK IT Priorities 2017 E-Handbook CIO Trends #3 E-Zine 25 years of Linux Read more on IT for manufacturing All News In Depth Blog Posts Photo Stories Videos Plastics maker dumps tape for Arcserve backup appliance and cloud Most manufacturers will use customer-facing VR by 2020 Self-driving cars could be steered towards business use cases 3D printing makes headway in healthcare and manufacturing in Singapore Load More View All Plastics maker dumps tape for Arcserve backup appliance and cloud Most manufacturers will use customer-facing VR by 2020 3D printing makes headway in healthcare and manufacturing in Singapore Interview: Kate Johnson, chief commercial officer at GE Digital, on digitising manufacturing Load More View All News Self-driving cars could be steered towards business use cases How 3D printing will disrupt industry worldwide Waste and traffic management apps come from internet of things How building information modelling is changing the construction industry Load More View All In Depth XYZ showcases prototype food printer View All Blog Post Avon Rubber implements Sage ERP X3 View All Photo Stories UKtech50: Stuart Birrell, CIO, McLaren Video: Rise of the smart machine Video interview: William Ruh, head of software at GE View All Videos Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management SearchCIO City CIOs debate the merits of the IoT-powered smart city platform Smart city projects often begin as a one-off. Now, city CIOs face the challenge of knitting it all together. Amazon cloud outage: A CIO survivor's guide Industry watchers sound off on cloud worries following Tuesday's disruption. Also in Searchlight: FCC issues stay on privacy rule... Modern information asset management present new rules for CIOs, others Information asset management has fallen lower on CIOs' list of priorities, but other departments and roles are stepping in as ... SearchSecurity FBI chooses to protect Tor vulnerability and dismiss child porn case The Department of Justice dropped a child pornography case in order to avoid disclosing a Tor vulnerability; dozens more cases ... New cybersecurity report gets the hacker perspective A new cybersecurity report used a hacker survey to offer a perspective on IT that can often be overlooked and found there may not... Why authorization management is paramount for cybersecurity readiness After enterprise identities are authenticated, an authorization management system should monitor how resources are being used. ... SearchNetworking Customer-focused strategy more key than digital transformation hype The tech industry's chatter about digital transformation and disruption are scare tactics that shouldn't distract companies from ... Riverbed launches NFV management, provisioning platform to telcos Riverbed launches an NFV management and provisioning platform; Super Bowl Wi-Fi data sets a new record; and ManageEngine ... The connected stadium: If you build it, they will come In the next-generation sports venue, the home team's stadium network can serve as a strategic resource, driving fan engagement, ... SearchDataCenter No vendor lock-in fear with converged infrastructure Converged and hyper-converged infrastructure is often built by one vendor. So, where's the corresponding vendor lock-in fear? Mainframe tools for better monitoring, capacity planning and more There are a variety of tools and strategies to optimize mainframe performance, from capacity planning to more efficient virtual ... How do I figure size requirements for a new UPS unit? Your data center UPS needs are dependent on a variety of factors. Develop configurations and determine the estimated UPS capacity... SearchDataManagement Users jump some hurdles to do streaming, machine learning with Spark In this Talking Data podcast, Spark users are finding that latency and development challenges can make it difficult to start ... Data engineering needs DevOps to navigate big data ecosystem For an open source strategy to work, applications based on big data ecosystem components must be hardened to run in production. ... Many say yes to NoSQL software for easing big data management woes NoSQL software is seen answering the need for a more flexible database framework to capture, manipulate and analyze massive ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Use of Cookies Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events In Depth Guides Opinions Quizzes Photo Stories Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
Breaking News World+ AfricaAmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle East U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram MH370 families plan private search for missing plane By Yuli Yang and Susannah Cullinane, CNN Updated 5:19 AM ET, Sun March 5, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 There is still no way to know for sure why Flight MH370 ended, but we are learning more about the lives of those on board. CNN is remembering them through snapshots shared with us. Hide Caption 1 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Rodney and Mary Burrows were looking forward to becoming first-time grandparents after their return home to Australia. Hide Caption 2 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Australians Catherine and Robert Lawton were traveling with friends on vacation when the flight disappeared. Hide Caption 3 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Paul Weeks was traveling to Mongolia for a new job as an engineer. His wife says Paul left behind his watch and his wedding ring before the trip, in case anything happened to him while he was away. Anderson spoke with Paul's brother & sister who said they are coping by spending time together as a family. Hide Caption 4 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Chandrika Sharma, left, was on Flight 370; her daughter Meghna and husband K.S. Narendran wait patiently, trying to manage their anxiety and longing for her return. Hide Caption 5 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Muktesh Mukherjee and Xiaomo Bai had been vacationing in Vietnam and were on their way home to their two young sons in Beijing. Hide Caption 6 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 76-year-old Liu Rusheng, an accomplished calligrapher and one of the oldest passengers on the flight, was in Malaysia to attend an art exhibition with his wife. Hide Caption 7 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Teens Hadrien Wattrelos and Zhao Yan are shown in a photo on Wattrelos' Facebook page. The photo is captioned, simply, "I love you," in French. Hide Caption 8 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Firman Chandra Siregar, 24, studied electrical engineering in Indonesia and was on his way to Beijing on board Flight 370 to start a new job at an oil company. Hide Caption 9 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Patrick Francis Gomes, center, was the in-flight supervisor for the missing plane. His daughter describes him as a quiet person with a sense of humor. Hide Caption 10 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 Ch'ng Mei Ling, a Malaysian citizen who lives in Pennsylvania, is a process engineer at a chemical company. Hide Caption 11 of 12 Photos: Remembering the passengers of MH370 We do not have photos of all 239 passengers, but we wanted to remember that there are loved ones around the world missing them right now. View CNN's complete coverage of Flight 370. Hide Caption 12 of 12 Story highlights MH370 vanished in 2014 with 239 people on board Families of those aboard are setting up a private search fund (CNN)The families of those aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have launched a campaign to privately fund a search for the aircraft, which disappeared nearly three years ago. Australia, China and Malaysia announced in January that they were ending their official search for the plane. MH370 was traveling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014, when it vanished over the Indian Ocean with 239 people on board. JUST WATCHED Search for flight MH370 suspended Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Search for flight MH370 suspended 02:43 Jiang Hui, whose mother was on the plane, told CNN on Saturday that relatives were working to create an international fund made up of donations from the parties involved in the flight. He said he believes various companies should contribute to the fund, including the governments of the 14 countries where the passengers were from, plane manufacturer Boeing and Malaysia Airlines. Read More "The fund will be invested and the annual investment returns or interests will be used for the search of MH370," Jiang said. "Once the plane is found, the original donation will be returned to the donors, without interest." He did not provide a target amount for the fund. Decision not taken lightly In their January joint statement announcing the suspension of the search for the aircraft, Australia, China and Malaysia said the decision had not been taken lightly. "Despite every effort using the best science available, cutting edge technology, as well as modeling and advice from highly skilled professionals who are the best in their field, unfortunately, the search has not been able to locate the aircraft," it said. The officials said they would not rule out another search if "credible" evidence were to emerge. Voice370, a support group for family members of those aboard the flight, released a statement expressing disappointment over the suspension. "Commercial planes cannot just be allowed to disappear without a trace," the statement said. "Stopping at this stage is nothing short of irresponsible, and betrays a shocking lack of faith in the data, tools and recommendations of an array of official experts assembled by the authorities themselves." RELATED: Timeline of MH370 disappearance The plane's disappearance remains one of the greatest aviation mysteries in modern history. Searchers spent millions of dollars scouring tens of thousands of square miles, but so far have yielded little new information about the plane's final moments. What we do know At 12:41 a.m. local time on March 8, 2014, MH370 departed Kuala Lumpur International Airport for Beijing. It was heading north but after its last message of "Good night Malaysian Three Seven Zero," it changed course toward the west, according to military radar. From there, investigators believe it turned south around the edge of Indonesia and across the vast Indian Ocean. Investigators confirmed in July that MH370 captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah had tracked a route deep into the Indian Ocean on his home flight simulator, very similar to the one officials believe the missing plane took. Grandparents, a newly graduated engineer, a young couple and a 2-year-old boy were among the hundreds of people on board MH370 when it vanished. Most of the passengers and crew were from China and Malaysia, but individuals and families from 14 different countries were also on board the missing flight. Theories Based on some of the wreckage that's been found, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau determined the wing flaps had been stowed when MH370 crashed. The report suggested the plane had been out of control, spiraling downward at a rate of almost 300 miles per hour at its last satellite transmission. These findings suggested "two early hypotheses," according to CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo; either that a fire on board the plane incapacitated everyone through smoke or fumes, or that a rapid decompression, perhaps because of a breach in a window, led to their deaths hours before the plane ran out of fuel and spiraled downward. But investigators still haven't been able to say for sure what caused the crash. CNN's Yuli Yang reported from Hong Kong and Susannah Cullinane wrote from Auckland. Juliet Perry, Joshua Berlinger, Joe Sterling and Deborah Bloom contributed to this report. Content by LendingTree Rates now at 3.2% APR (15 Yr Fixed). Do you qualify? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt The amazing VA benefits not enough vets are claiming Can you save on your mortgage? Reverse Mortgages: Worth the risk? Paid Partner Content Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Trulia Chicago real estate for sale Trulia Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth Trulia San Francisco homes for sale Trulia Deal on New York real estate Trulia Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Toggle navigation Crosscut.com Politics State Local Government Environment National Transportation Education Social Justice Public Safety Urban Planning Non Profits Crime Culture Arts Heritage Media Sports Food Books Faith Design Mossback Tech & Biz Enterprise Aerospace Civic Tech Internet Startups Medicine Green Tech Bio Tech Small Business About Events Search for: Sign Up Donate Search Crosscut: Submit Signup for Crosscut Updates Sign Up Donate to Crosscut: Submit Support Crosscut Politics Monday 6, March 2017 O Trump! Have you sent Seattle’s tech to Canada? by Drew Atkins A man looks at the skyline of Vancouver, Canada from Stanley Park at sunset. Credit: Michael Matti It was a Friday afternoon when Donald Trump issued his most controversial order, banning immigration from seven countries. Reaction was swift, as thousands of protesters filled airport terminals, and immigration lawyers scrambled to assist families thrown into a new legal limbo. By Monday, a different sort of aftershock had arrived in Vancouver, Canada. Tech workers from the Bay Area and Puget Sound had done some thinking over the weekend. And the British Columbian city was starting to look a lot better to them. “I speak to immigration lawyers all the time, and they started receiving record numbers of calls from tech workers,” says Michael Tippett, a longtime entrepreneur in Vancouver’s tech industry. “Not only workers. I’m hearing from founders who are saying they’ve got 30 people on a team, three of them are from Iran, and what can we do here? … We’re not sure yet if Seattle’s loss is our win, but there’s a huge opportunity for Vancouver to benefit from this.” Vancouver is currently the junior partner in the “Cascadia innovation corridor,” part of an agreement signed last September between Washington and British Columbia to foster mutual tech growth.  Compared to Puget Sound, the Vancouver area has fewer tech workers, less venture capitalist funding, and no large “anchor” companies like Microsoft, Boeing, or Amazon. But some speculate the balance between the regions could change a bit, if only gradually, as the U.S. becomes more restrictive toward foreigners. After all, Canada’s less stringent immigration system has long been a calling card for the city. Microsoft President Brad Smith calls it a motivating factor behind the company’s $120 million Vancouver engineering facility, which opened last June. It plans to employ over 700 people in the office, at an annual operating cost of $90 million. “Vancouver is a potential problem for U.S. tech growth if our immigration system isn’t reformed,” says Neil Ruiz, executive director of the Center for Law, Economics and Finance at George Washington University. “Other countries are trying to build their ecosystem for foreign entrepreneurs and talent. That could be a threat to our competitiveness in both the long and short term.” For now, a potential point of competition between Vancouver and Puget Sound concerns satellite offices. The Puget Sound area is fertile ground for Bay Area giants looking to establish northern outposts. Whether it’s Facebook’s Frank Gehry-designed new office in South Lake Union, Apple’s new offices downtown and Google’s expanding presence in both Seattle and Kirkland, attracting out-of-state companies is a key factor in the region’s tech growth. The same can be said for Vancouver, which hosts offices for most of the same companies, as well as Microsoft and Amazon. And each company that decides to expand its workforce north of the border, instead of Seattle, strengthens Vancouver’s ecosystem of tech talent. “Vancouver has great immigration policies, but doesn’t have a velocity of talent yet,” says Chris Devore, managing director of Techstars Seattle and a longtime leader in Seattle’s startup scene. “I would attribute that to their lack of anchors, like Amazon. As far as satellites go, in the time horizon of a four-year term (for Trump), without saner immigration policy, I’d say the amount of talent in Seattle insulates it from too much disruption. But if, God forbid, he’s elected to another term, companies will reevaluate things.” In addition to Trump’s immigration action, a draft executive order obtained by Bloomberg News would impose new restrictions on hiring high-skill foreign workers, a much more direct blow to the tech industry. Even without this order, it can currently take three times as long to receive a work visa in the U.S. as opposed to Canada, according to an analysis by the Boston Consulting Group. “Historically, both the U.S. and Canada have done well because we were willing to take anyone from anywhere,” says Vancouver Councilor Andrea Reimer, chair of the city’s Policy and Strategic Priorities Committee. “The larger the pool of talent, the broader the base of genetics, the broader the experience. If U.S. chooses to narrow that down, it gives us an advantage.” Immigrants have long played a vital role in the tech industry, both in starting and staffing companies. Ruiz points out that a high proportion of students from Iran and other countries targeted by Trump’s immigration order pursue advanced STEM degrees in the U.S. Motivating these students and other high-talent workers to relocate north of the border, he says, will hurt the U.S. economy in the long-term. “All of this could have a big impact on innovation,” says Ruiz. “The details of how they do immigration reform (in DC) are going to be very important.” In reaction to Trump’s executive order on immigration, Tippett founded an organization, True North, to help U.S. companies plan a move to Canada. They’ve received hundreds of inquiries, he says, and held talks with the city government. Through the grapevine, he’s heard the organization has been a point of discussion within the Seattle Mayor’s Office as well. The Mayor’s Office didn’t respond to a request for comment. “As we see it, if the policies in the U.S. become more restrictive, we will emerge as the North American standard bearer for a free and open society,” says Tippett. “With tech, we’re talking about an industry that’s not tied to mines or anything. It’s highly fluid and dynamic. It will go where workers feel comfortable.” Tech is already a major part of Vancouver’s economy, with roughly 40 percent of downtown office space occupied by the industry. Its expansion faces some key obstacles, particularly the high cost of real estate in the city. But Councilor Reimer believes President Trump’s immigration policies are a key issue for the regional economy. “All businesses do better in an environment of stability because predicting the future means you can plan,” says Reimer. “I don’t know how well you know Canadians, but we’re obsessed with not being America, but also feeling somewhat inferior to America. We love Seattle, and we think the tech corridor is fantastic…. But right now, though, we have the kind of stability and, frankly, safety that immigrants want to see as they grow their lives.” Show comments + - Like this article? Help us write more like it. Donate Drew Atkins Drew Atkins is a journalist and writer in Seattle, and the recipient of numerous national and regional awards. His work has also appeared in the New York Times, Seattle Times, The Oregonian, Seattle Weekly, InvestigateWest, Puget Sound Business Journal, Geekwire, Seattle Magazine, and others. He can be found on Twitter at @ByDrewAtkins and contacted at drew.atkins@crosscut.com. More Articles by Drew Atkins Get More Articles Like This Sign Up Support Crosscut You May Also Like March 6, 2017 Ferguson: We saw Trump in court, and we conquered by John Stang National March 6, 2017 The loser bills in Washington Legislature by Tom James State March 5, 2017 Hometown crowd peppers Ericksen with EPA, environment questions by John Stang Environment March 4, 2017 Trump rally in Olympia draws backers, protesters by Tom James Politics Support Crosscut Get More Articles Like This Sign Up Our Sponsors Our Sponsors Support Crosscut Crosscut.com Politics Culture Tech & Biz Events About Contact © 2017 Crosscut.com, All rights reserved.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Manufacturing Leader of the Week > Upskilling the Tech Workforce with ... Science Fiction? Video Games? Race Cars? Upskilling the Tech Workforce with ... Science Fiction? Video Games? Race Cars? Mar 6, 2017 Matt LaWell | IndustryWeek EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 What is in this article?: Upskilling the Tech Workforce with ... Science Fiction? Video Games? Race Cars? An Opportunity, Not a Problem Science Fiction, Video Games and Other Influences Upskill CEO Brian Ballard has been a tech geek for decades. Lately, though, the workforce interests him just as much (as if the new name of his company isn’t proof enough). Can new tech like wearables help fill the skills gap and the coming worker shortage? More About: Skilled Worker Shortage You hear people talking about this, but it hasn’t entered the national dialogue yet. It’s still an Us vs. The Machines rhetoric, or Us vs. Other Countries. This is something that’s happening in every country in the world. People are concerned about how the future looks because of technology and how it relates to their industry.”  - Brian Ballard Title: CEO and co-founder Organization: Upskill Formerly: Director of product development for Battlefield Telecommunications Systems, CTO and VP for Mav6 (ARES Systems Group), and field operations officer for the Department of Defense. The IndustryWeek Manufacturing Leader of the Week highlights the manufacturing leaders, executives and stars who are driving growth in today's industry and helping to shape the future of manufacturing. Upskill; illustration: Bill Szilagyi, IndustryWeek Advertisement After more than a week on the road — first in transit, then at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, then in transit again — Brian Ballard returned to work on fire for the wearables industry he has worked in for close to a decade. He was also happier than ever that his company changed its name. Ballard is the CEO of the company that was, from 2010 until late January, called APX Labs. It had carved a niche developing software for some major names in the oil, gas and defense sectors, and later picked up General Electric as an investor and a customer, along with work from Boeing and two of the five largest companies in oil and gas. Today, though, its name is Upskill. “We had been planning to rename (the company) for a very long time, but we were hesitant to let go of the brand value we had built,” Ballard said. “Everyone knew us as APX — I still say it — but it’s something we knew we would outgrow, which has made it easier to move on. In Switzerland, so much of the conversation revolved around skill. I feel good about aligning our mission to what is clearly a global problem right now.” Ballard discussed the need for workers to upskill — and reskill — as well as the present and future of wearables, other lessons learned in Davos, how science fiction and video games influence our current tech, and plenty of other topics in this broad conversation. Unfortunately, it reads best on a standard desktop, laptop or mobile screen. There are no augmented reality bonus features … Yet. Popular Now OEE – Learn How to Use It Right 12 Key Strategies to Achieving a Work-Life Balance Three Reasons Why Visual Management Boards Fail IndustryWeek: The last time we talked, in late 2015, you predicted that 2016 could be a banner year for wearables: “You’ll start seeing them used on a much larger scale, moving from one line to the whole factory, or from one factory to the whole bullpen of factories that support a process.” Good call. Brian Ballard: The market itself has really matured as far as people’s expectations of what technology can do for them. And this is a crazy time because there’s a backdrop of what technology is going to do to get rid of people’s jobs, and there’s a lot of freaking out about that. I can’t imagine going back to doing everything with a manual Phillips screwdriver when I have a DeWalt drill just sitting right there. There are parts of our lives, particularly where it’s a dumb tool, where we’re not threatened by it and we happily embrace the capability that it brings. I think where you can’t see some of the intelligence inside technology it becomes harder to trust. With augmented reality, that problem is solved: you quite literally see the technology and what it’s doing for you, and the results speak for themselves. … All that is going to change. It’ll get sleeker, get smaller, get more powerful. I think the fact that we’re already down this path, that there are real companies finding real value, this is going to be the common way people do work for a lot of jobs in the future, and the more the industry can do to build a value chain around it, the better we’re going to be served by it and it will help people stay competitive and useful in the market significantly longer than if they don’t think about their skill on a continuum. IW: Outside of the Industrial Internet of Things, of course, augmented reality seems like the most important technology just because of the role it can play in helping to fill the millions of jobs that will open up over the next decade. BB: The number of people affected by the skills gap over the coming years for high-skilled jobs is crazy. I have to look it up, but call it roughly 2.3 million people. That’s half the total of the unemployed population of the country. What if we could actually get those roles filled, by getting people something that makes the apprenticeship quicker? I spend a lot of time with customers, going out to sites to see how they do training, and it’s an industrial-era process. … You go through these archaic training processes, you’re expected to memorize them, then you might never see that problem for years, and by the time you do see it you have no idea what to do. We’re far better off training people with the techniques they need to understand and to make the information needed always available. Love tech? Keep up with the manufacturing technology world with the M&T Newsletter, in your inbox every Friday morning IW: If you were one of the two dozen CEOs on the new administration’s job initiatives committee, what would be some of your suggestions beyond, as you just said, Hey, look, AR can fill half the unemployed population? BB: I ran into some of those guys (at Davos), so I actually am trying to suggest some things to them. I won’t get into super specifics, but the skills gap is a very real problem for a lot of these companies. How do you solve that? These very large company CEOs, they have a lot of tools at their disposal. They can build factories, they can build automation, they can reconfigure their workforce. … If you’re dealing with the fear of your job going away, that’s a corporate culture problem for a lot of these CEOs. You have to engage with the people, you have to show that your technology investments are about helping them and the company, rather than trying to solve a problem. That’s a culture thing. Whether I’m dealing with my own company, whether I’m talking to a CEO who has a multi-hundred-thousand-person workforce, these are still people who look at their companies very much like family. You want to do good by your people, but we have to engage in what we say and in what we do. The term I heard a lot was “Bring the workforce along”. First, we accept that technology is changing, businesses are changing, industries are changing at pace we’ve never seen before. Technology is disruptive to expectations around timelines, so we have to bring the economy along with us in that transformation, and you can’t do it by ignoring people. You have to equip them with the tools that they can use to forge their path through this. You hear people talking about this, but it hasn’t entered the national dialogue yet, it’s still an Us vs. The Machines rhetoric, or Us vs. Other Countries. This is something that’s happening in every country in the world. People are concerned about how the future looks because of technology and how it relates to their industry. At the same time, the world is consuming an unbelievable amount of products at a pace that has never happened before, either. There are people who look at that as opportunity. An Opportunity, Not a Problem » 1 2 3 Next Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles Manufacturing's Muddled Message on the Skilled Worker Shortage NIMS Initiative to Address High-Tech Industrial 'Skills Gap' Denso's Approach to Finding Skilled Workers 5 A Military Solution to the Manufacturing Skills Shortage To Solve the Skilled Workforce Shortage, Manufacturing Executives Must Respect People Who Work With Their Hands 3 Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST ExxonMobil Plans $20 Billion in Manufacturing Investments in Gulf Region GM Eyes Autonomous Future with Opel Sale UK Factory Output Highest Since 2013 as Pound Effect Kicks In Volkswagen to Recall over 680,000 Audis in China The Robocalypse Shouldn’t Give You Sleepless Nights Rest of the World Paved the Way for the Next Fed Rate Hike More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Mar 6, 2017 Exclusive IndustryWeek Upskilling the Tech Workforce with ... Science Fiction? Video Games? Race Cars? Upskill CEO Brian Ballard has been a tech geek for decades. Lately, though, the workforce interests him just as much (as if the new name of his company isn’t proof enough). Can new tech like wearables help fill the skills gap and the coming worker shortage?...More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump Knows Investors Want Speedy NAFTA Talks, Canada Says Upskilling the Tech Workforce with ... Science Fiction? Video Games? Race Cars? How to Keep Toxic Substance Inventories EPA Compliant At Tesla, Departures Mount as Carmaker 'Stretched to the Limit' The Upside of Speaking Up IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Connected Quality Management Accelerating Global Industrial Productivity with The Connected Enterprise Intelligent Ingredients Taking Measures: Helping Ensure Mobile Device Security Pay Now, Save Later: The Business Case for Rugged Devices More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ AppStore RSS Tuesday March 7 2017 Nation World Business Oil & Gas Armenian Aggression Nagorno-karabakh conflict Editorial Analysis Lifestyle Events Healthcare Culture Sports Travel Baku Chess Olympiad Home Home Nation World Business Oil & Gas Armenian Aggression Nagorno-karabakh conflict Editorial Analysis Lifestyle Events Healthcare Culture Sports Travel Baku Chess Olympiad Kyrgyz president suggests Parliament to dissolve 6 March 2017 17:05 (UTC+04:00) 629 By Kamila Aliyeva Kyrgyz President Almazbek Atambayev supported the initiative to dissolve the Parliament commenting on the statement of MP Bakyt Torobayev, the presidential press service reported on March 6. MP Bakyt Torobayev has earlier proposed his counterparts to dissolve the Parliament, Atambayev said on March 6 during the presenting of state awards at his residence. "He [Torobayev] wanted to help out his looter-brother; however, I would back his suggestion. I wanted to address the MPs, crows do not pick out crow's eyes. If you cannot find peace, get dissolved together with Bakyt Torobayev," said Atambayev. Or else, the President called the Parliament to abide law, and think of the destiny of the country and work for the sake of the nation. "If you don't want peace, then people want it," stated the President. President Atambayev said that some parliament members allege that the Boeing plane, which crashed near Bishkek in mid-January killing about 40, was carrying some cargo owned by him and that he has millions-worth of offshore property in Cyprus. “They say that my cargo was on board, they [MPs] shout about it, but know that this is not true,” he said adding that if they were sure about it, they would have already gone to Istanbul or Hong Kong to check this information and bring evidence. “If they do not have the means, I am willing to buy tickets for them, these are just rumors and attempts to blacken my name,” Atambaev said. Instead of generating laws, the Parliament, according to Atambayev, has become a place of generating rumors. Kyrgyzstan's state security service said it detained opposition leader Omurbek Tekebayev on Sunday on charges of corruption and fraud. Tekebayev, 58, leads the Ata Meken (Fatherland) party's parliamentary faction. At a session of Parliament, which addressed the issue of detention of Tekebayev, Bakyt Torobayev offered MPs to dissolve Parliament if it is not capable of solving problems. The ex-Soviet Central Asian nation will hold a presidential election on November 19. Atambayev cannot run for re-election under the Kyrgyz constitution. --- Kamila Aliyeva is AzerNews’ staff journalist, follow her on Twitter: @Kami_Aliyeva Follow us on Twitter @AzerNewsAz    Category News Trump's new travel ban order published 13:13 German, Turkish ministers to discuss ways to normalize relations 12:40 Netanyahu praises U.S. anti-semitism policy 12:33 CBI: Americans can open bank accounts in Iran 11:32 Iraq security forces take control of Mosul's main government building 10:42 Trump, Abe hold phone conversation over North Korea missile launch 10:34 Leaders of euro zone's biggest economies back multi-speed Europe 10:25 Minister: France to encourage banks to work with Iran 6 March 17:57 IAEA says Iran removes excess centrifuges from Fordow plant 6 March 17:06 Ashgabat, Tashkent voice commitment to expand ties, ink deals 6 March 16:44 Latest Popular 13:26 • Italian Snam to invest 270M euros in TAP 13:13 • Trump's new travel ban order published 13:10 • First VP Mehriban Aliyeva: Being a parliament member was great honor for me 13:01 • Turkish Vice Admiral: Azerbaijani army able to prevent all provocations, attacks of enemy 12:43 • Rethinking productivity growth 12:40 • German, Turkish ministers to discuss ways to normalize relations 12:33 • Netanyahu praises U.S. anti-semitism policy 12:23 • National wrestlers grab three medals in Turkey [PHOTO] 12:07 • "Red Garden" awarded Best Feature Film [PHOTO] 11:53 • ESISC reveals probe into "Armenian connection" network at Council of Europe 11:44 • YARAT Film Club to present Azer Guliyev`s films 11:32 • CBI: Americans can open bank accounts in Iran 11:20 • Azerbaijan submits EC its offers on TRACECA 11:03 • Washington Times: U.S. must applaud Mehriban Aliyeva’s becoming First VP 11:00 • Azerbaijan to join İTB Berlin exhibition 10:47 • Azeri Light price hits $56.83 10:42 • Iraq security forces take control of Mosul's main government building 10:35 • Azerbaijani karate fighters shine in Turkey [PHOTO] 10:34 • Trump, Abe hold phone conversation over North Korea missile launch 10:30 • Armenia continues breaking ceasefire with Azerbaijan 6 March 16:00 • Kyrgyzstan sees fall in trade turnover with EEU states 6 March 14:17 • 'Kaspersky Lab' to develop cooperation with Azerbaijan 6 March 17:43 • Azerbaijani, Russian FMs review strategic partnership [UPDATE / PHOTO] 6 March 17:57 • Minister: France to encourage banks to work with Iran 6 March 14:36 • Azerbaijani opera singers to perform in Moscow 6 March 16:32 • Baku among Top 5 destinations for International Women's Day 6 March 17:23 • Iran MFA spokesman: We recommend Armenia, Azerbaijan to solve their problem themselves 6 March 15:41 • Cinema to be offered for entrepreneurs at privatization auction 6 March 17:41 • Azerbaijan further cuts oil output 6 March 18:03 • Azerbaijan to manufacture new UAVs in 2017 6 March 17:23 • Baku to host Spanish Film Festival 6 March 16:50 • MP: Azerbaijan’s refugee experience is example for Europe 6 March 17:05 • Kyrgyz president suggests Parliament to dissolve 6 March 15:23 • National judokas win gold medals in Antalya 6 March 15:10 • Don't miss workshop by Candoco Dance Company 6 March 18:21 • Only for women-new film project [PHOTO] 6 March 14:52 • Daniil Kvyat: Baku track is absolutely different than others 6 March 16:44 • Ashgabat, Tashkent voice commitment to expand ties, ink deals 6 March 17:06 • IAEA says Iran removes excess centrifuges from Fordow plant 6 March 13:51 • President Aliyev, First Lady inaugurate Heart Center in Baku [UPDATE/ PHOTO] AzerNews Newspaper Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Information About us Contacts Advertising Azernews In Print News Archive © 2017 AzerNews. All rights reserved
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 373.20 -0.02%   Nikkei ▲ 19344.15 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -2/32 yield 2.506%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.35 0.28%   Euro ▲ 1.0577 -0.05%   DJIA ▲ 20954.34 -0.24%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In ‘Attack by President’ Is Big Business for PR Agencies Amazon and Pinterest Threaten to Shake Up the Search Ad Market CMO Today: Public Relations Firms See Trump Bump Schwarzenegger Drops Out of ‘Celebrity Apprentice’ WPP Shares Slide as Ad Giant Posts Slowest Revenue Growth in Years Facebook Intensifies Hunt for TV-Like Video Programming CMO Today: Viacom Begins Upfront Pitch With Nickelodeon P&amp;G’s Marc Pritchard Doubles Down on Demands of Digital Ad Giants MDC Partners Subpoenaed by Justice Department in Ad Probe Vice Media’s TV and Video Employees May Unionize How YouTube TV Could Help Google Finally Crack the TV Ad Market CMO Today: Snap Inc. Shares Begin Trading Ad Buyers Push Snapchat to Have Metrics Audited Refinery29 Veteran Patrick Yee Joins Laird &amp; Partners as CEO CMO Today: YouTube Launches $35-a-Month Streaming TV Bundle Oscars Draw Lowest Ratings in Nine Years CMO Today: YouTube Continues Climb Toward TV Fox News’ Head of Ad Sales to Step Down Advertising on Streaming TV Devices Is About to Get More Targeted CMO Today: Oscars Feature Political Ads, Wild Ending https://www.wsj.com/articles/attack-by-president-is-big-business-for-pr-agencies-1488798000 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Media & Marketing CMO ‘Attack by President’ Is Big Business for PR Agencies Public relations agencies are seeing an influx of business as companies brace for an unexpected tweet President Donald Trump sent tweets threatening to impose heavy tariffs on GM and Toyota cars produced in Mexico for the U.S. market. These kinds of comments have prompted a number of companies to turn to PR agencies who can help them prepare for similar threats. Photo: Associated Press By Alexandra Bruell Alexandra Bruell The Wall Street Journal BiographyAlexandra Bruell alexandra.bruell@wsj.com March 6, 2017 6:00 a.m. ET 4 COMMENTS From product recalls to unwieldy CEOs, public relations experts have seen it all. At least, they thought they had. Then the U.S. elected a president who tweets whatever is on his mind: bashing auto makers like General Motors for manufacturing cars in Mexico, declaring companies like the New York Times to be “failing,” criticizing Nordstrom for dropping his daughter’s fashion label, and complaining about the cost of Boeing’s 747 Air Force One. As President Donald Trump calls out specific corporations, not only is he fueling an unprecedented amount of anxiety among executives, he also is creating an influx of business for public relations agencies. “This is the first situation like this we’ve ever seen,” said Gene Grabowski, who has spent over two decades in Washington, D.C.-focused PR and advocacy roles and is now a partner at crisis communications firm KGlobal. Clients typically ask for advice on how to be prepared to handle plausible scenarios like a plant fire, huge product recall or malfeasance by a board member, he said. “This is the first time clients reached out asking, ‘What do we do if the president attacks us?’ This is now a category,” said Mr. Grabowski. “Attack by the President” is now among the scenarios that the firm jots down on a whiteboard during routine crisis and issues management exercises for clients. The purpose is to discover what’s most likely to happen, how likely it is to happen and then how to react, said Mr. Grabowski. His firm has had discussions with at least three clients about developing a “Trump strategy.” Related News President Trump’s Tweets Have Companies Playing Defense How to Trade a Donald Trump Tweet Trump Says ‘No Way’ to Toyota Plant in Mexico In Mr. Trump’s first six weeks in office, companies have been confronted with how to respond to his public outrage that they would move U.S. jobs or operations outside the country. Mr. Trump campaigned heavily on promises to put Americans back to work, and since his election, he has been vocal about efforts to work with individual companies to retain jobs and create new ones. Executives have also been put in the tedious position of figuring out how to react to polarizing policy changes like immigration. Corporations have put out carefully worded responses and, in some cases, made actual changes to their business plans—sometimes even allowing Mr. Trump to claim credit for influencing those decisions. Behind the scenes, most of these interactions are carefully managed by public relations experts. As more of these fast-moving scenarios play out in public and executives fear a 140-character tweet will send their stock price tumbling, more companies are paying up to be prepared for the worst. After a handful of clients reached out for help, Zeno Group, a PR agency within the Daniel J. Edelman network, recast its crisis and issues resources to create a formal approach that uses insights from both the U.S. administration change and Brexit, said Kim Metcalfe, executive vice president of corporate affairs at Zeno. The new offering, dubbed Zeno Seismic, focuses on “how companies should deal with massive unexpected business and societal changes,” she said. At least six clients have reached out for help over the past few weeks. Seeing “the correlation between a tweet and a stock price, it’s enough for them to realize they need to pay attention,” she said. It’s also getting tough for PR professionals to do their bread-and-butter work of getting publicity for their clients’ product launches and other developments. National media outlets are spending more time covering Trump’s administration, and people are increasingly getting their news from outlets that cater to their views, Ms. Metcalfe said. Peter Duda, executive vice president and co-lead of the global issues and crisis practice at Weber Shandwick, said that his shop has seen an uptick in demand from clients who want crisis preparedness plans that address a “new, more highly politicized environment.” Managing reputations and brand equity is taking up more of the firm’s time since the election, he said. For example, Weber Shandwick was recently contacted by a “U.S. multinational financial services company that wants our help to protect its brand and corporate reputation in Mexico, given the anti-American sentiment that’s growing due to the administration’s proposed policies,” Mr. Duda said. The work will include a simulation drill for the management team that will offer up a fictitious crisis -- a piece of information that quickly spreads to the news media, for example—and provide a forum for discussing the various ways they can respond or “manage the repercussions of inaction.” Another PR agency executive said his team advised the CEO of a large technology client to publicly avoid speaking about “things that could draw the ire of the new environment in Washington,” such as immigration policy. If the CEO is asked publicly about what’s happening in Washington, the client is being advised to “keep to things about the business, and business in the new environment,” this executive said. In the last two months, half a dozen clients have reached out asking for help in evaluating whether they have “vulnerabilities” that might make them a target or in dealing with actual crises related to the Trump administration, said Don Baer, CEO of Burson-Marsteller. That is an unusual amount of activity, he said. Even companies who likely “would never be targeted” by President Trump, including some Fortune 300 clients, are asking for support, said Kris Balderston, president of global public affairs at FleishmanHillard. The president “doesn’t know they exist, but everyone is kind of afraid.” To get in front of any potential dust-up, Mr. Grabowski said his firm is also helping clients with preventive measures, like proactively sending factsheets to Congressmen with information about clients’ contributions to jobs, taxes and charities in their districts. “Managing Donald Trump is like managing a boss,” he said. “Don’t become a target. Never pick a fight.” Write to Alexandra Bruell at alexandra.bruell@wsj.com Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print CONTENT FROM OUR SPONSOR Deloitte CMO Insights and Analysis from Deloitte Using Blockchain for Loyalty Rewards Customer loyalty rewards programs could benefit from blockchain, a distributed ledger technology that facilitates transactions in a secure, digitized environment. While blockchain is still in its infancy in the loyalty rewards space, it could help program providers offer value-added services to participants and improve the customer experience. Please note: The Wall Street Journal News Department was not involved in the creation of the content above. More from Deloitte Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (4) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Updated 3/1/2017 Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie PolicyUpdated 3/1/2017 Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia & FSU Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Español Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US-NATO War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice Terrorism War Crimes Militarization History Science As Attack on Jobs Escalates, AFL-CIO Chief Pledges to “Partner” with Trump Administration By Jerry White Global Research, March 06, 2017 World Socialist Web Site 3 March 2017 Region: USA Theme: Global Economy, Poverty & Social Inequality Friday was the last day of work for 1,300 General Motors hourly employees at the GM Detroit-Hamtramck assembly plant. Less than a year after being hired and promised full-time positions by GM and union officials, the workers are out of a job. Medical insurance is running out at the end of the month, and there are few prospects for decent jobs in a city where 117,000 workers are unemployed. The job cuts in Detroit provide a far more realistic picture of the US economy than soaring stock markets or the Fed officials’ fantasies about “full employment.” Yet the layoff of 1,300 workers was not even deemed newsworthy by the local media. It also did not rate a mention by President Trump, who has appointed GM’s CEO to his corporate advisory board. The Detroit job cuts follow more than 2,000 GM layoffs in Lansing, Michigan, and Lordstown, Ohio in January. They anticipate a far greater onslaught as US corporations restructure in response to the global economic slowdown and increasing international competition. In the US, automakers are cutting production due to a growing glut of unsold cars. Commercial aircraft manufacturer Boeing, which cut eight percent of its workforce last year, announced Friday that 1,880 workers had accepted voluntary retirements. The company said more job cuts are expected in 2017 amid falling orders and tight competition with European-based Airbus, which announced 1,200 job cuts a few months ago. A new layoff announcement is made virtually every day in the retail, banking and technology sectors. These are part of an international process. On Wednesday, China’s labor minister, Yin Weimin, said the country will cut another 500,000 steel and coal jobs this year. Last year, 726,000 workers lost their jobs in the coal and steel industries, or 40 percent of the 1.8 million jobs the government said would be eliminated in those industries as part of a massive restructuring of state enterprises. In addition to the job cuts, corporations are seeking to transform their workforces into largely casual, temporary laborers, hired and fired at will, like the Detroit-Hamtramck GM workers. According to the Government Accountability Office, contingent workers now comprise 40.4 percent of all employees. Under Obama, 95 percent of all new jobs created in the US since the so-called economic recovery began have been part-time and temporary. In the European Union, more than half of all new jobs since 2010 have been through temporary contracts. The corporations are also accelerating their plans to dump their pensions and retiree health care obligations and continue to shift the cost of medical coverage on to workers. This month, 22,600 retired coal miners or their widows were notified that they will be losing health care benefits on April 30, when funding for their insurance plans expire. More than one million working or retired Americans are currently covered by pension plans that are in imminent danger of insolvency, according to the Pension Rights Center. The Trump administration, packed with billionaires, is planning to slash corporate taxes and eliminate workplace safety, environmental and labor regulations. In his address to the joint session of Congress on Tuesday, Trump declared that his government has “undertaken a historic effort to massively reduce job crushing regulations.” The increase in military spending outlined in his new budget will be paid for by slashing food stamps and other essential programs, while the ultra-reactionaries appointed to key agencies set their sights on the privatization of public education and the elimination of Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. As Wall Street is celebrating the Trump administration’s plans for a massive handout to the corporations and banks, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka has pledged that his corporatist and anti-working class organization is “absolutely” committed to partnering with Trump. Trump’s fascistic rants against immigrant workers and endless claims that foreign countries and foreign workers are destroying jobs and lowering wages is a calculated effort, aided and abetted by the unions, to divide the working class and block a unified response to the escalation of the class war policies at home and ever greater imperialist militarism abroad. Responding to the speech, Trumka, the president of the AFL-CIO labor federation, told Fox News that the unions were prepared for Trump to “rewrite the rules of the economy,” particularly on trade and immigration policy. Trump’s speech was the president’s “finest moment,” the union head said, signaling that “he’s about to start doing business rather than playing for the camera—that was a good sign.” Far from condemning the president’s xenophobic and racist slanders against immigrants, the AFL-CIO head signaled his support for an even more brutal immigration policy, including against legal residents. “I was actually pleasantly surprised,” Trumka said, “to hear him say the system is broken and its legal immigration, as well as undocumented people—he talked about them a lot—but this was the first time he spoke about legal immigration being used to drive down wages. We’ve been saying that for a long time.” Trumka said that workers voted for the president because “they wanted him to rewrite the rules of the economy—not for the rich, not for the wealthy, not for corporate America, not for Wall Street but for them—and so he’s been a mixed bag on that.” The unions would tout the good things he did and criticize the bad, Trumka said, echoing the lie that trade wars and mass deportation were good for American workers. “Will we partner with him? Absolutely,” Trumka said. “Will we partner with him to try to rewrite the immigration rules of the country? Absolutely… Using the bully pulpit to say this is your country, this is where you owe your allegiance, this is where you should be investing and building, that is a good thing.” The trade unions have been a chief conduit for spreading nationalist poison among workers for a very long time. In the early 1980s, as American capitalism fell into decline and its corporations confronted international competitors, the unions promoted economic nationalism to justify their integration into the structure of corporate management and collusion in the destruction of the jobs and living standards of the workers they claimed to represent. While the unions have worked closely with the Democrats in overseeing the attack on jobs and wages for decades, they now see income opportunities in Trump’s efforts to entice corporations to “Buy American, Hire American.” This has nothing to do with the interests of workers. Rather, the union executives want to restore their lost income through the influx of new dues-paying members, regardless of whether they are earning poverty wages. The unions are not “workers’ organizations,” but labor-management syndicates that are hostile to the interests of the working class. New organizations of struggle, including rank-and-file factory and workplace committees, democratically controlled by workers and committed to the methods of the class struggle, must be built to resist the coming attacks on jobs, living standards, essential social services and all the basic social rights of the working class. Above all, workers must reject economic nationalism. Workers in every country face the same struggles and confront the same enemy: the global capitalist system, which enriches a handful of billionaires at the expense of the broad masses of working people whose collective labor creates society’s riches. To unite the working class—black, white, native-born and immigrant, in the US and around the world—workers must build a political movement, independent of both capitalist parties, the Democrats and Republicans, to fight for international socialism and against the danger of world war. The original source of this article is World Socialist Web Site Copyright © Jerry White, World Socialist Web Site, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Jerry White Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News / Top Stories Israel’s Welcome now Reserved only for Jews who Back Netanyahu Selected Articles: Trump Abandons Cooperation with Russia, White Helmets: No Such Thing as Humanitarian Terrorists, GMOs and Neoliberal Fundamentalism No Such Thing as Humanitarian Terrorists, Analyst Says of the White Helmets Sweat Shops, GMOs and Neoliberal Fundamentalism: The Agroecological Alternative to Global Capitalism Ihre Papiere, Bitte! (Your Papers, Please): Are We Being Set Up for a National ID System? Genocide and the Philippines-American War. President Rodrigo Duterte and Neocolonialism As Attack on Jobs Escalates, AFL-CIO Chief Pledges to “Partner” with Trump Administration Three Years Ago: The U.S. has Installed a Neo-Nazi Government in Ukraine To the People of Cuba: Is Washington Preparing a “Soft Coup”? The Co-optation of Cuban Intellectuals Six Years Ago: The US-NATO-Israel Sponsored Al Qaeda Insurgency in Syria. Who Was Behind The 2011 “Protest Movement”? Trump Abandons Cooperation with Russia Trump’s Wiretapping Accusation: Part of a Coup Plot? Plans for Redrawing the Middle East: The Project for a “New Middle East” Donbass Is Breaking Away from an Agonized Ukraine The Politics Behind ‘Russia-gate’ Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour U.S. Elections Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights Culture, Society & History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: March 6th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily March 6th, 2017 Thrusting first time for a NextGen... Aerojet Rocketdyne's electric engines enable Intelsat's 33e to be operational  It's a first, Aerojet Rocketdyne Inc.'s , a subsidiary of Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AJRD), 100-volt fuel-efficient electric propulsion subsystem has enabled Intelsat's Epic Next Generation (EpicNG) satellite to become operational. The NextGen satellite launched in the summer is now online, fully functional. Intelsat 33e represents the inaugural mission of Aerojet Rocketdyne’s 100-volt fuel-efficient electric propulsion subsystem. This improved fuel efficiency reduces propellant mass by several hundred pounds, helping to enable the high throughput capability of this new Intelsat Epic Next Generation (EpicNG) satellite. The launch was in summer, and now the system is officially online. Aerojet Rocketdyne's rocket engines are now providing in-flight maneuvers for the Intelsat 33e communications satellite, that was launched aboard an Ariane 5 rocket from Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana on August 24. Boeing Satellite Systems International, which built the satellite, has announced that the spacecraft is now operational.  The electric propulsion subsystem provided by Aerojet Rocketdyne includes a 4.4kW power processing unit, relay box, electrical harnessing and six 2.2kW MR-510 electric arcjet thrusters. Aerojet Rocketdyne has flown more than 170 MR-510 arcjet thrusters with 100 percent mission success. Intelsat 33e is the second of six Intelsat EpicNG satellites being built by Boeing. Intelsat EpicNG is a high performance, next generation satellite platform that delivers global high-throughput capability. Intelsat 33e offers coverage in Europe, Africa, the Middle East and Asia. In addition to the electric propulsion subsystem, Aerojet Rocketdyne propulsion on the Intelsat 33e mission includes 16 monopropellant rocket engines: 12 four-Newton MR-111C hydrazine and four 22-Newton MR-106L hydrazine engines, all of which provide attitude control and adjustment, east-west stationkeeping, spin control, decommissioning and settling burns. The MR-111 and MR-106 engines have extensive flight history, each with more than 2,000 flight thrusters delivered with 100 percent mission success.  The remaining three Intelsat EpicNG satellites, also being built by Boeing, will all include the same complement of six Aerojet Rocketdyne electric propulsion thrusters for north-south stationkeeping, and 16 hydrazine rocket engines. President Eileen Drake Aerojet Rocketdyne's CEO said, “Congratulations to all on another successful Intelsat mission, and the first mission for the 100-volt electric propulsion thrusters. “We are honored to continue our valued relationship with Boeing and to help enable the high throughput capability of the new Intelsat EpicNG satellites.”   http://www.Rocket.com  http://www.AerojetRocketdyne.com  http://boeing.com   Topical Tags :  New Products    Agencies    Systems    Satellite Operator    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  Asia/Asia Pacific    Middle East/Africa    Europe    North America         FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News Sentinel-2B soars and monitors from the soil to the sky... Copernicus' Earth Observation mission  ULA to launch NASA's JPSS-2 mission AtlanTechRF reveals their Satellite Simulator Systems' new SNG series at D.C. trade event Draper's GN&C expertise to play a crucial role with SSL's government-owned satellite servicing mission Next-generation satellite terminal makes market entry from Hughes Network Systems More News A plethora of products from Teledyne Microwave Solutions (TMS) presented at D.C. show... With an exhibit booth and roundtable involvement, Arianespace takes their place at the D.C. show... New antenna systems from Cobham presented to attendees at D.C. show... Gilat is upwardly mobile... on-the-move applications are mobility-ready solution on land, sea and air Fazzt® unwrapped for D.C. show attendees by KenCast Cubic / GATR / Vocality have much to show at Satellite 2017 Mohammed bin Rashid Space Centre and KARI sign MOU to cooperate on space-related activities WALI smallsat nearing completion at Western Michigan University Comtech EF Data presents their Heights Dynamic Network Access technology to D.C. show attendees Isotropic's antenna technology attracts millions in VC Gilat unveils their new dual-band aero antenna at D.C. show tomorrow, Tuesday the 7th Making an entry at the D.C. show is Advantech Wireless' 2Gen ASAT II™ system Ball Aerospace displays their capabilities at D.C. show... panel discussion on Tuesday, March 7th... Teleport talk in Satellite 2017 panel presentation with Talia Limited on Tuesday, March 7... Last Week's Top Stories The Sky and Space Global nano trilogy is ready to launch Lift Off! NROL-79 Satellite on Mystery Mission for National Reconnaissance Office  Newtec is bigger and wider ... expands its HTS and DVB-S2X Wideband Hub product portfolio Done deal... maybe — Intelsat and OneWeb to combine synergies... and technologies... as well as new SoftBank investment SES makes three executive board decisions... Advantech Wireless brings into focus the evolution of satellite broadband Space Coast facility opening for Aerojet Rocketdyne Coleman Aerospace And the winners are... World Teleport Association Announces Finalists for 2017 Teleport Awards Sentinel-2B lofting prep in French Guiana On the show floor... Newtec's presence at the upcoming D.C. show News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events Satellite 2017 World ATM Congress Paris Space Week CABSAT 2017 SatExpo Campaign360 China Content Broadcasting Network(CCBN)
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Transport And Aviation » Etihad Airways Continues Sustainability Drive Across Its Global Airline Fleet ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Saudi Arabia to harness digitization to create half a million jobs by 2020 Sino-Japanese JV wins contract for Abu Dhabi solar power plant Lebanon and Egypt to sign MoU to ramp up trade Rak Properties and Al Nuaimi Group ink $3M deal for InterContinental hotel Debt concerns push S&P's Qatar rating to negative Saudi Arabia allocates $800M in loans for tourism projects through to 2020 Oman Hotels & Tourism Co. to develop ten new three- and five-star hotels by 2022 UK affirms commitment to Lebanon despite Brexit Majid Al Futtaim opens $707M Mall of Egypt Gulf airlines urged to honor duty-free travel arrangements for overseas Filipino workers Jordan moves to regulate ride-hailing apps Bahrain's Nogaholding plans over $7B of oil and gas investments into 2022 Oman's $5B bond sale 'a global vote of confidence': Finance Minister Saudi Arabia sets deadline for return of employees passports Germany grants Egypt $500M for economic development and SME support Etihad Airways continues sustainability drive across its global airline fleet Etihad Airways continues sustainability drive across its global airline fleet 0.80 6 Published March 6th, 2017 - 06:44 GMT Press Release Rate Article: 1 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit Etihad Airways Follow > Click here to add Abu Dhabi as an alert Click here to remove the Abu Dhabi alert Disable alert for Abu Dhabi, Click here to add Airbus as an alert Click here to remove the Airbus alert Disable alert for Airbus, Click here to add Boeing as an alert Click here to remove the Boeing alert Disable alert for Boeing, Click here to add Etihad Airways as an alert Click here to remove the Etihad Airways alert Disable alert for Etihad Airways, Click here to add London as an alert Click here to remove the London alert Disable alert for London, Click here to add Masdar Institute of Science and Technology in Abu Dhabi as an alert Click here to remove the Masdar Institute of Science and Technology in Abu Dhabi alert Disable alert for Masdar Institute of Scienc ..., Click here to add Richard Hill as an alert Click here to remove the Richard Hill alert Disable alert for Richard Hill, Click here to add Toyota as an alert Click here to remove the Toyota alert Disable alert for Toyota Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, has continued to make improvements in the fuel efficiency of its fleet, resulting in substantial reductions in carbon dioxide emissions and reinforcing the sustainability credentials of the airline. The airline’s dedicated fuel efficiency team drove numerous initiatives across all operational functions of the business, saving over 60,000 tonnes of fuel. This 2.5% improvement during 2016 amounts to nearly 190,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide savings, the equivalent of 1,200 flights between Abu Dhabi and London or the removal of over 40,000 cars from the road.  Fuel consumption is influenced by many factors such as the aircraft and engine type, the weight being carried and the duration of the flight. The airline is working on several key initiatives to optimise efficiency, both with the aircraft itself and through external collaboration with aircraft manufacturers such as Boeing and Airbus. Richard Hill, Chief Operations Officer for Etihad Airways, said: “Fuel optimisation is a top agenda item for any successful and sustainable airline, with Etihad Airways no exception. There have been some encouraging results during 2016 and I’m delighted to see so many of our pilots fully engaged with the programme, as this has ensured additional learning opportunities and the identification of new measures that can deliver greater fuel savings in the years ahead. It’s a vital part of our sustainability efforts and we will continue to look for ways to improve our performance.” Reducing weight can be a vital part of fuel savings, with aircraft such as the A380 having a maximum take-off weight of 575 tonnes, equivalent to 115 African elephants or 218 Toyota Land Cruisers.  The airline has made a conscientious effort to reduce the weight of on-board items. A ‘weight out’ programme, which resulted in the removal or replacement of on board items, led to a fuel burn reduction of 1,100 tonnes of fuel per year. Weather plays a part in influencing aircraft fuel efficiency. The airline is investing in new technology such as the ‘Boeing Wind Uplink’ scheme to ensure that flight crews have the latest information on weather patterns, allowing them to plan for the optimum fuel performance of their aircraft during flight. Fuel burn performance is negatively impacted by seasonal fog, requiring additional holding fuel to be carried, inbound to Abu Dhabi and the airline is now collaborating with the Masdar Institute of Science and Technology in Abu Dhabi to enable more accurate fog predictions. Internally, continuous reviews to holding fuel policy have allowed for more accurate calculation of additional fuel requirements, using past data to ensure adequate additional fuel requirements are met.  Airport staff are also supporting efforts to ensure that ground power is used instead of the auxiliary power unit when aircraft are on the ground. These and many other initiatives have led to the positive results delivered so far with different areas of the business such as Engineering, Airports and Guest Experience working to identify new areas where additional savings can be delivered. The environmental benefits are not only substantial but the efficiency improvement in 2016 compared to 2015 exceeds the emissions reduction goal that the industry has set itself, currently a 1.5% efficiency improvement across international aviation. By going beyond this Etihad Airways is also contributing to carbon neutral growth targets and the ultimate long term goal - for emissions to be fifty percent of 2005 levels by 2050.  Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Advertisement Rate Article: 1 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Zine el Abidine Ben Ali convicted in Mariah Carey case Meet the Dubai kid who just created a live-saving invention! Sex reassignment centre for transexuals in Jeddah? Beware what you post! Man on trial in Dubai after insulting Islam online Surprise surprise… Imam refuses to issue fatwa for friend to marry friend’s fiancee Check out this viral video of Israeli comedian slamming Israeli ‘apartheid!’ ‘The Walled Off Hotel’: Welcome to the hotel with the worst view in the world Do you beat your wife? US lawmakers distribute Islamophobic questionnaire Global warming alert! - Same temperatures in Antarctica as Cairo Horror story unfolds in Algeria as mother kills daughter for falling pregnant out of wedlock Palestinian woman dies after giving birth to 69 children Sudan has a prime minister - for the first time in 28 years! Top Headlines Trump issues new Muslim ban, Iraq dropped from list Sino-Japanese JV wins contract for Abu Dhabi solar power plant Zine el Abidine Ben Ali convicted in Mariah Carey case Meet the Dubai kid who just created a live-saving invention! Now you can join the fight against Twitter bots RECENT ARTICLES Saudi Arabia to harness digitization to create half a million jobs by 2020 Sino-Japanese JV wins contract for Abu Dhabi solar power plant Now you can join the fight against Twitter bots Landing a job in Saudi Arabia Lebanon and Egypt to sign MoU to ramp up trade FEATURED STORIES UAE Space Agency, Lockheed Martin ‘blast off’ with professional training program Qatar Airways increases its stake in British Airways' International Airlines Group to 20 percent Boeing predicts 58,000 new pilots needed in Middle East within 20 years UAE and China reach for the stars with MOU on outer space research United Airlines to end Washington-Dubai route: a case of sour grapes? RELATED ARTICLES Etihad Cargo continues to gain industry recognition GE drives sustainable growth goals of the Middle East with US$1.8 billion investment in clean technology research Etihad Airways signs agreement with Swiss-AS to drive group-wide maintenance strategy Etihad Airways appoints 34 UAE nationals as airport managers across its global network Etihad Airways announces largest ever fleet order to enable accelerated growth strategy MOST POPULAR One of PepsiCo's largest manufacturing plants to open in Jeddah Six years on, Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam is 56 percent complete Qatari-Turkish JV signed to build seventh FIFA World Cup stadium Saudi Arabia to donate $10B towards Yemen reconstruction Political tensions hit Egyptian housing deals with Saudi Housing Ministry Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Background information Etihad Airways Etih More... Etihad Airways is the National Airline of the United Arab Emirates. The airline was set up by a Royal Decree in July 2003, with Abu Dhabi, the capital of the UAE, as its hub. Etihad started commercial operations in November 2003. Less... Contact Information: Etihad Airways PO Box 35566, Head Office, Khalifa City A, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates http://www.etihad.ae PR agency Four Communications Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Contact Information: Four Communications Group PO Box 41837 1st Floor, Room 101, Lime Building, TwoFour54, Al Salam Street Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates Tel:  +971 (0) 2 447 2774 Fax:  +971 (0) 2 447 2074 info@fourcommunications.com http://www.fourcommunications. com PR contact Divya Nagpal Divya.Nagpal@fourcommunications.com Related Videos F1 Boss Says Bahrain Grand Prix Could Be Cancelled - 17 Feb 11 NEW Jaguar C-X17 unveiled Emirates' new A380 order From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Kurds and Syrian Regime join forces to repel Turkish-backed rebels Saudi Arabia ready to send ground troops to Syria One of PepsiCo's largest manufacturing plants to open in Jeddah At least 22 Syrian army soldiers killed in clashes with FSA near al-Bab Islamic center in Sweden’s Gothenburg targeted in arson attack   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2017 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
What are you looking for? Browse Cars Menu For Sale Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out By Style Coupes Sedans Crossovers SUVs Trucks Electric Cars Hybrids Sports Cars ... See all Or By Make & Model Make (e.g. Ford, etc.) Popular Makes Acura Chevrolet Dodge Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Jeep Mazda Nissan Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Premium Makes Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Ferrari Infiniti Jaguar Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati McLaren Mercedes-Benz Porsche Rolls Royce Tesla Volvo More Makes Chrysler Fiat Freightliner Kia Lotus Maybach Mini Mitsubishi Saab Scion Smart Suzuki Model (e.g. Fusion) Year Go We cover it all, click your favorite Geneva Auto Show News Car Payment Calculators Recalls AutoComplete Carfection CNET on Cars Best Sedans Best Trucks Concept Cars Diesel Cars Electric Cars Luxury Cars Sports Cars Audi Cadillac Chevrolet Ford Honda Jaguar Land Rover Mercedes-Benz Nissan Tesla Toyota Volvo Chicago Auto Show Detroit Auto Show Go Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Your video, "Ford's new Stratasys 3D printer has the company dreaming big" will start after this message from our sponsors. Loading video... Roadshow Ford's new Stratasys 3D printer has the company dreaming big Innovative tool puts sideways spin on additive manufacturing and promises quicker car development. March 5, 2017 Transcript [MUSIC] We've been hearing for years about how 3D printing is poised to revolutionize car manufacturing. But it's still hard to grasp just how this rapidly maturing technology will up-end the status quo. [MUSIC] That's why I'm here at Ford's Research and Innovation Center in Dearborn, Michigan. To check out the company's new Stratasys Infinite Build 3D printer. This isn't just the company's most exciting new toy, it's got the potential to turn car design and manufacturing on its head, or more accurately, on its side. When you think about 3D printing, you probably picture a small horizontal platform. Upon which material is repeatedly layered to create something. The problem with that setup is that you can only build the object so high. The genius with the stratasys prototype machine is that it prints sideways, allowing for the creation of much larger objects. Ford is among the only companies to have access to this equipment. Boeing is also working with Stragasys to investigate the technology's potential for aerospace. And some trial work is being done in the medical field now too. The blue oval has only had this machine since November and right now it's still learning the machines capabilities and quirks. Trying to figure out how this tool can help develop better automobiles. This machine, what it does, is it takes that concept of this horizontal table, and it turns it up 90 degrees on its side. And it actually extrudes into the table from a horizontal feed. The other difference with this technology is the material supply, which is a very critical part of it. With conventional FDM machines Strategists' machines they use a filament to feed the material in. The filament is almost like a line from a weed whip that type of material. With this process it actually uses an micro pellet so the material looks a lot more like a very coarse powder. Because of that, this system is able to run for extended periods of time. The robot that we see here in the background is actually used for changing material containers. So, when the machine uses up a container material, the robot can actually reach up, remove that container, and put a new container in it's place. So it enables the machine to run continuously uninterrupted. Trying to figure out how many ways we can use it, what types of applications that we have in a big company like this, that's the biggest challenge. I think there's a lot of flexibility in what we can do. It can apply to manufacturing, prototyping, eventually to production, and touch pretty much every part of the vehicle. So that's really exciting to make our processes a lot more efficient and more stylish. So I think that there is a lot of excitement within the company because of the capabilities that it adds that we have not had before. There's definitely a learning curve at work Fords lab coats have already figured out that certain things are best printed out in certain orientation. And sometimes the machine can get lost and they [UNKNOWN] start a section over again. It's early date for this prototype tech so all of this is to be expected. It's not hard to envision machines like these helping to print not just prototype parts for concept cars or tool and [UNKNOWN] or multiple production plans but also eventually small volume parts for competition cars. Cars. Imagine Ford's GT WEC race car needs a new front splitter or wing for a particular race track. Engineers will soon be able to model the part on a computer and three print it in a matter of hours or a couple of days, instead of waiting weeks or even months. Eventually Ford helps 3D print signatures to the point where it can support big value production Helping to develop lighter-weight parts for cars and trucks. Who knows, maybe this tech will one day speed up the design and production process, to the point where yearly vehicle face-lifts can become commonplace again, or perhaps to where individual owners can customize their cars. Ford Stratasys 3D printer is still very much in beta And its researchers are just now starting to figure out what this incredible additive manufacturing toolbox can do. The hope and increasingly the plan is to use it to develop processes, tooling, and hard parts to bring cooler, more versatile vehicles to your driveway sooner. [MUSIC] And for less money. [BLANK_AUDIO] Your emails: Why do Porsches hold their resale value? 2:30 March 7, 2017 Cooley tells you why Porsches fetch so much money. Play video The Mill Blackbird brings photorealistic AR to car commercials 2:06 March 6, 2017 It may not look like much on its own, but with just a little CG magic this Blackbird can look like any car you want. Play video AutoComplete: Mercedes recalls 354,000 cars for engine fire risks 1:20 March 3, 2017 Plus: Infiniti uses F1 tech in its Geneva concept, and Maven gets fancy with Reserve. Play video Top 5: Half-baked car technologies 5:13 March 3, 2017 From the goofy to the lame, Cooley runs down the tech that isn't quite ready to come out of the oven. Play video AutoComplete: Porsche built a station wagon, and it's amazing 1:26 March 2, 2017 Plus: GM offers up unlimited 4G LTE data, and Ford recalls vehicles for a new kind of Takata problem. Play video Volkswagen's ID concept is the future of small German cars. Maybe. 6:33 March 2, 2017 Nearly 400 miles on a charge, a decent turn of pace, looks to kill... The ID concept car is the next step in VW's evolution,... Play video Smarter Driver: Who needs self-driving cars the most? 2:59 March 2, 2017 Studies show older drivers may be the ideal market for self-driving cars, but do they have any interest in the new tech?... Play video Range Rover Velar: Luxury looks, high tech, off road prowess 3:01 March 1, 2017 Smaller than a Range Rover Sport, but bigger than an Evoque, the new Velar offers mid-size luxury and tons of tech for the... Play video AutoComplete: Say hello to the Range Rover Velar 1:25 March 1, 2017 Consumer Reports tackles new shifters, and EVgo builds the first 150-kW charger in the US. Play video On the road: 2017 Lincoln Continental 6:00 March 1, 2017 The Lincoln Continental is back. Is resurrecting this car genius or foolish? Play video Latest videos Your emails: Why do Porsches hold their resale value? 2:30 March 7, 2017 Cooley tells you why Porsches fetch so much money. Play video The Mill Blackbird brings photorealistic AR to car commercials 2:06 March 6, 2017 It may not look like much on its own, but with just a little CG magic this Blackbird can look like any car you want. Play video Ford's new Stratasys 3D printer has the company dreaming big 4:22 March 5, 2017 Innovative tool puts sideways spin on additive manufacturing and promises quicker car development. Play video AutoComplete: Mercedes recalls 354,000 cars for engine fire risks 1:20 March 3, 2017 Plus: Infiniti uses F1 tech in its Geneva concept, and Maven gets fancy with Reserve. Play video Top 5: Half-baked car technologies 5:13 March 3, 2017 From the goofy to the lame, Cooley runs down the tech that isn't quite ready to come out of the oven. Play video AutoComplete: Porsche built a station wagon, and it's amazing 1:26 March 2, 2017 Plus: GM offers up unlimited 4G LTE data, and Ford recalls vehicles for a new kind of Takata problem. Play video Volkswagen's ID concept is the future of small German cars. Maybe. 6:33 March 2, 2017 Nearly 400 miles on a charge, a decent turn of pace, looks to kill... The ID concept car is the next step in VW's evolution, and we've... Play video Smarter Driver: Who needs self-driving cars the most? 2:59 March 2, 2017 Studies show older drivers may be the ideal market for self-driving cars, but do they have any interest in the new tech? Cooley explains. Play video About Roadshow Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Permissions Contact Us © CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Singapore Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Business Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Malaysia Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Asia Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history World Mashable American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra Mashable People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president The Star/ANN North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Mashable Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing The Straits Times Founders' stories etch out school's history Forum Services Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury American paparazzi confuse Deepika Padukone with Priyanka Chopra People are furious that 'Madam Secretary' will feature a lecherous Filipino president North Korean Embassy cordoned off to identify occupants Singapore ensemble's Chinese orchestral mash-up of Disney songs is amazing Founders' stories etch out school's history Singapore's grand old dames Malaysian cops warn of new parcel scam This pendant is perfect for those lazy to type PM Najib to N. Korea: Release our people Barbie Hsu passes out from heart condition: 'My husband saved my life' US starts deploying anti-missile system in S.Korea after defiant North's latest test OCBC joins home loans war among local banks Business, Asian Opinions Stephanie Luo Monday, Mar 6, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags Business strategy Business, Asian Opinions Do winners always have to fight wars? The Business Times | Stephanie Luo | Monday, Mar 6, 2017 Photo: The Business Times Stephanie Luo The Business Times Monday, Mar 6, 2017 THE conventional wisdom is that in business, there are rarely winners without losers. And sometimes, the path to success is littered with the bodies of your competitors. But those who read Sun Zi Bingfa: Strategic Applications to Business and Marketing Practices will come away knowing that waging war is not necessary in order to emerge victorious. Inspired by Sun Tzu's Art of War, Wee Chow-Hou, professor of strategy and marketing at the Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University, uses the concepts of fighting military battles to illustrate a relationship between war and business. In his book, he argues that you do not need to go around killing your business competitors. In fact, subduing the enemy without doing battle is ultimately the best strategy. Companies emerge stronger when they face intense competition, but they shouldn't enter into price, bidding or promotional wars against their rivals without careful analysis. Competition or the equivalent of a military war in the business context plays out these days in the form of price wars. In the Cola Wars, Coke and Pepsi waged a furious battle in the soda market in the 80s; in the sky wars, Airbus, Boeing and McDonnell Douglas slugged it out for market share in the airline industry in the 90s. Although the book advocates war as a last resort, it doesn't imply that battles will not be fought. For a leader to decide whether a nation should go to war, his moral influences are of utmost importance. As Sun Zi said, a warlord must not embark on a military campaign simply out of anger. Similarly, in business, a leader cannot be reckless in his decisions especially if it involves an entire nation. Citing North Korea as an example, Prof Wee said that the country shuts itself out as a form of "cold" war by refusing to engage in trade with other nations. In contrast to North Korea, China opened itself up to the world under Deng Xiaoping's leadership, in the 1978 move that tore down the "Bamboo Curtain". Eventually, this move encouraged other nations to trade with it. From a poverty-stricken nation dependent on agriculture to the world's largest manufacturing base today, China has proven that showing an open-door policy brings growth and opportunity. Sun Zi Bingfa also refers to the "blue-ocean" strategy for companies, defined as the "most logical way to generate growth and profits". A blue-ocean company is one that creates uncontested market space instead of competing in existing markets, which have shrinking profit margins and limited growth opportunities. Cirque du Soleil is an example of a successful blue-ocean company. It eliminated the use of animals that are the stock-in-trade of circuses and has instead woven in opera and ballet into its performances. Dyson, the makers of vacuum cleaners that run on cyclone technology, is another example; although there have been copycat versions of the British company's bladeless fans in China, Dyson has arguably been the leader in that market since 2009. While there is a need for the selective usage of offensive strategies, proactive defence is occasionally necessary when forces and resources are inadequate. Just as David could defeat Goliath, a small company is capable of picking a single position of the enemy and concentrate its forces there, adopting the "hit-and-run" strategy from guerrilla warfare to defeat its rivals. It is easy for the mind to drift while reading Sun Zi Bingfa because it gets repetitive in the middle, and similar points are supported by the same examples. But, the book is still a good read for those in the corporate world, which still has a lot to learn from the army. stephluo@sph.com.sg @StephLuoBT This article was first published on March 4, 2017. Get The Business Times for more stories. Sign up for our e-newsletter now! Get all the latest news, lifestyle and trending stories, delivered to your inbox! Name Email Address I have read and accept the Privacy Policy Please wait No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Stay tuned to WomansTalk every Tuesday & Thursday! Super Auction Q!! Over 100 deals fr. $1! Bid now! Get Your iPhone & Accessories at Attractive Prices Power Up Your Luck with These Accessories Today! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Economy Real Estate Monday Memo: An aviation conference, jet rollout and latest local home sales data Originally published March 5, 2017 at 5:00 pm This week is marked by two aerospace events: the top U.S. aviation conference (ISTAT Americas) of the year, in San Diego; and Boeing’s rollout of its first 737 MAX 9 airplane at a celebration in Renton. (Mike Siegel/The Seattle Times) The business week ahead Share story By Seattle Times staff The Seattle Times TODAY: The Northwest Multiple Listing Service releases its monthly housing data for February, as a normally slow winter has been anything but, so far. … The premier U.S. aviation conference of the year — hosted by the International Society of Transport Aircraft Trading, and running through Tuesday in San Diego — draws the world’s lessors and financiers of commercial jets. Airbus sales chief John Leahy will be there. And the final panel discussion of the conference features Aengus Kelly, CEO of Aercap, the world’s largest jet lessor, and industry kingpin Steven Udvar-Hazy, chairman of Air Lease Corp. … The Commerce Department releases factory orders for January. TUESDAY: Boeing rolls out the first Boeing 737 MAX 9 airplane for an employee celebration at its Renton factory. This is the second and larger model of the MAX to be produced. … The Commerce Department reports January international trade data. … The Federal Reserve releases consumer credit data for January. WEDNESDAY: The Labor Department reports on fourth-quarter productivity data. … Payroll processor ADP releases its private-sector hiring report for February. FRIDAY: The Labor Department reports February U.S. employment data. Most Read Stories Sikh man in Kent says he was told, ‘Go back to your own country’ before he was shot Hit man in San Antonio murder-for-hire slaying set to die Father aghast after seeing son bully wife and kids | Dear Carolyn Exhausted mom needs sleep before marriage crumbles | Dear Carolyn Dick’s Drive-In to open new location — and you can vote on whereUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Seattle Times staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story China markets buoyed by optimism over growth outlook Previous Story Blue Buffalo recalls wet dog food over seals Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
My Account | Sign Out Amazon Shop Amazon photos Contact RSS PDA Other Writings Advertising PJ Media « IS THERE’S NOTHING HE CAN’T DO? Barbra Streisand: ‘Donald Trump is Making Me Gain Weight.’ … AT AMAZON, save on Small Appliances. Plus, deals on Musical Instruments and Gear. Also, browse… » March 5, 2017 PART OF THE GENERAL BLUE-TO-RED JOB MIGRATION: Boeing isn’t a story of jobs disappearing. They’re just moving to South Carolina. “So 1800 workers in Washington are finding themselves unemployed. At the same time, more than 3000 people in the Palmetto State have gone to work, begun training and started pumping new life into the economy. So why aren’t the two unions in Washington who are making this doleful announcement talking about that story? I’m just taking a shot in the dark here, but it might be because South Carolina is a right to work state and the union has already been roundly rejected by the workers there.” And the press won’t debunk them because that would step on an anti-Trump storyline. Tweet   Posted by Glenn Reynolds at 8:02 pm Search Instapundit Link to Instapundit Archives Recommended Six: The Movie Becker-Posner Blog BlackProf Books for Kids Blog Cliopatria Deceiver.com Dr. Helen InstaPundit Store! My TCS Columns Of Arms & the Law PJ Media Strategy Page The Tatler WiFi Net News Big Journalism ALDaily Anchoress Andrew Malcolm Barone Blog Best of the Web Biased BBC BlogCritics Bluey Blog Brain Terminal Breitbart.com Chris Anderson Cox and Forkum Daily Howler Dan Gillmor Dave Barry David Corn David Frum Day By Day DefenseTech Don Surber Drudge Report Electrolite Ernie the Attorney Flit Fraters Libertas Gary Farber Gateway Pundit Gene Expression Hit and Run Howard Kurtz Hugh Hewitt Indian Country Inside Higher Ed. Jennifer Rubin Jim Geraghty Josh Marshall Jules Crittenden Jurist JWR Kausfiles Kevin Drum Larry Kudlow Mark Steyn Martin Peretz MediaBistro Michael Silence Michelle Malkin Neal Boortz PoliticalWire RealClearPolitics Red State Rich Galen SciTech Daily Scott Rosenberg SlashDot Slate.com Tapped TCS Daily That Liberal Media The Corner The Note TownHall.com Virginia Postrel Walter Shapiro Pure Bloggers Alphecca Andrea See Andrew Olmsted Ann Althouse Baldilocks Baseball Crank Bigwig Bill Peschel Bill Quick Bill Whittle BitchGirls Bjorn Staerk Blackfive Blogosferics Blogs of War Brad DeLong Brian Carnell Brian Linse Brothers Judd Burchismo Capt. Ed Charles Austin Charles Murtaugh ChicagoBoyz Clayton Cramer Colby Cosh Cold Fury Cori Dauber Correspondence Committee Cranky Professor Critical Mass Crooked Timber Damian Penny Daniel Drezner Dave Kopel Dave Winer David Pinto Dean Esmay Deinonychus Denise Howell Derek Lowe Diana Hsieh Discriminations Doc Searls Donald Luskin Donald Sensing DPM Dr. Frank Dr. Weevil Ed Cone Ed Driscoll Edward Boyd Eric Muller Eric S. Raymond Eve Tushnet Fight Aging! FuturePundit Geek Press Gut Rumbles HaightSpeech Heather Havrilesky Howard Bashman Howard Owens Howard Veit IMAO InkWell InstaLawyer Iraq the Model Jack Balkin James Lileks Jason Kottke Jay Manifold Jeff Goldstein Jeff Jarvis Jerry Pournelle Jessica’s Well Jim Henley Jim Miller Jim Treacher Joanne Jacobs John Cole John Ellis John Scalzi John Weidner Joshua Claybourn Kate Kathy Kinsley Katie Granju Kesher Talk Kevin Holtsberry Kitchen Cabinet La Shawn Barber Larry Lessig Laurence Simon Listen Missy Lynne Kiesling Mark Byron Martin Devon Master of None Matt Welch Matthew Hoy MCJ Megan McArdle Meryl Yourish Michael Totten Mike Silverman Milt Rosenberg MinuteMan (Maguire) Misha Mitch Berg Moira Breen Mudville Gazette N.Z. Bear NanoDot Natalie Solent Nick Denton No Watermelons Obscure Store Photon Courier Power Line Professor Bainbridge Rabbit Blog Rand Simberg Rantburg RealClearPolitics Rebecca Blood RedState Reid Stott Rich Hailey Right Wing News Robert Musil Robin Roberts Roger L. Simon Samizdata SCSU Scholars Silent Running Sissy Willis Skippy Spoons Stefan Sharkansky Stephen Green Steven Den Beste Stuart Buck Suman Palit TalkLeft The Agitator The Fat Guy The Homeless Guy The Volokh Conspiracy Tim Blair Ublog Walter Olson Will Warren William Hobbs Winds of Change Yuppies of Zion Zeyad About FAQ Podcasts Terms of Use Powered by WordPress | Design by Sekimori | Instapundit & Instapundit.com Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. | VIEW MOBILE SITE
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Their View: The Caterpillar raid Monday Mar 6, 2017 at 8:00 PM Mar 6, 2017 at 8:48 PM For a second there Thursday it seemed the moving vans had come early to Caterpillar's global headquarters in downtown Peoria following the January shocker that the company's top brass would be relocating to the Chicago area. On closer inspection, unfortunately, the vehicles were occupied by federal agents — from the IRS, etc. — swarming on 100 NE Adams St. to remove a few items, all right: specifically documents and electronic records listed on a federal search warrant as part of a criminal investigation into allegations of tax evasion. Agents also descended on facilities in East Peoria and Morton. You don't see that every day with a Fortune 100 company, and we can't recall ever witnessing it locally. Ironically, the raid comes just one week after the president met with Cat Chairman Doug Oberhelman and professed his admiration for this "great company ... I love Caterpillar." The company has long been a White House darling, hosting George W. Bush here in 2007 and Barack Obama in 2009, with another visit seemingly in the works with the new president. His Justice Department didn't wait for an invitation. The raid sought evidence regarding allegations brought to light eight years ago in a lawsuit filed by a former employee, Daniel Schlicksup, who argued that he had been wrongfully demoted for blowing a whistle on the practice of shifting profits to a subsidiary in Geneva, Switzerland from parts he said were actually sold and shipped out of the Morton facility, ostensibly to avoid U.S. taxes estimated at some $2.4 billion in this case. Cat would later settle with Schlicksup, but not before drawing the attention of the IRS, the U.S. Senate and some shareholders who sued, as well. Caterpillar has consistently maintained its innocence and continued to last week, with CEO Jim Umpleby citing its cooperation with the investigation but saying, "We are Caterpillar. We are an honorable company ... We conduct our business within the framework of applicable laws and regulations." We'd like to give Cat the benefit of the doubt. In a nation that imposes one of the highest corporate rates in the industrialized world at 35 percent, it has hardly been the poster child for going out of its way to dodge its taxes — see the likes of General Electric, Boeing, etc. for that distinction. Meanwhile, Congress has dragged its feet on reforming an outdated tax code that arguably hampers U.S. competitiveness. Given that, it is not unfair to ask: Why Cat? Why now? These issues go back to the beginning of this century, spanning four CEOs. Has something changed? We don't have that answer. Certainly we've noticed that Caterpillar has been getting it from all sides of late. The SEC is looking into its 2011 purchase of the mining company Bucyrus as well as sales of equipment to nations considered sponsors of terrorism by our State Department, specifically Syria and Sudan. An investment group critical of Caterpillar executive compensation is seeking greater shareholder protections against "fraudulent behavior" by managers. Indeed, Cat's stock price, which has been up despite its staggering sales declines, took a hit in response to this news. In 2015, the company was found guilty by a federal jury of stealing trade secrets from a British supplier and hit with a sizeable penalty, which it has appealed. The warrants seemed to hint at searches beyond just the tax questions. Caterpillar still employs some 12,000 people in the Peoria area. We'd like to see it stay that way, and we won't hide our concern that this latest development likely doesn't help. As we've written before, we not only want the company that has been so synonymous with Peoria to do good, but to be good. Let's see where this goes. — GateHouse Media news service. This editorial first appeared in the Peoria Journal Star. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Emtech IndiaAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Mon, Mar 06 2017. 10 57 PM IST SpiceJet to reserve row for solo women passengers From 8 March SpiceJet will be reserving the whole of its 4th row for the solo women passengers Subscribe to our newsletter. Tarun Shukla SpcieJet has about 343 daily flights to 45 destinations on a 49-plane fleet and about 13% domestic market share. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint New Delhi: Budget airline SpiceJet Ltd will reserve its fourth row for female passengers travelling alone, following a practice adopted by national carrier Air India Ltd. “(From) 8th March 2017 onwards SpiceJet will be reserving the whole of its 4th row for its solo women passengers. The initiative will be observed on all its flights across the fleet inclusive of both Boeings and Q400s (planes),” SpiceJet said in a statement on Monday. 8 March is International Women’s Day. “In case of a full flight scenario, males will be assigned window seats; whereas the aisle and middle seats (B, C and D, E) will be assigned to women on a first come first serve basis. The special seating arrangement is being catered to offer more ease to the solo female travellers, as moving out of the middle or the aisle seats is much easier thereby ensuring safety and comfort to them in case of an emergency and even otherwise,” the statement added. On 8 March, female passengers travelling alone will also be able to upgrade to SpiceMax seats if the latter are available. SpiceMax provides extra legroom, priority check-in, complimentary meal, priority baggage handling and priority boarding. “The airline will also be offering complimentary hot beverages and cookies to all women passengers on all its Boeing flights along with the F&B (food and beverage) service,” it said. Air India had from 18 January started reserving one row—six seats—in economy class for single women travellers on all its domestic flights. It was the first time an airline had taken such a step. SpcieJet has about 343 daily flights to 45 destinations on a 49-plane fleet and about 13% domestic market share. Tarun Shukla Topics: SpiceJet female passengers Air India aviation airline More From Livemint READ MORE Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file 6 reports of Multi-Agency Group India may mandate use of local steel for $59 billion infrastructure spend H1-B visa row: Concerns conveyed to US at a senior level, says Ravi Shankar Prasad First Published: Mon, Mar 06 2017. 10 57 PM IST Editor's Picks Using Economic Survey 2016-17 to gauge demonetisation impact on GDP growth Donald Trump’s new travel order applies to those seeking new US visas Why Reliance Jio’s big and bold 2021 vision doesn’t make sense Latest News India may mandate use of local steel for $59 billion infrastructure spend H1-B visa row: Concerns conveyed to US at a senior level, says Ravi Shankar Prasad United Breweries files appeal against winding-up order Music Broadcast IPO oversubscribed on second day Oppo to sponsor Indian cricket team, replacing Star India Mint On Sunday Dance Dance Goa Revolution The rediscovery of kasundi First, we need to ask ‘Why’ Of India’s military exploits abroad Letter from... a scanning machine TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Brinkmann on Business Covering the business landscape in Central Florida Business Paul Brinkmann on Business Lockheed keeps landing work on F-35 systems What is the F-35 fighter jet program? The F-35 fighter jet program is the most expensive weapons program ever with a total estimated cost of $379 billion. The F-35 fighter jet program is the most expensive weapons program ever with a total estimated cost of $379 billion. Paul BrinkmannContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Lockheed Martin’s Orlando operations have won some new contract work on its programs related to the F-35, which was targeted in critical tweets by President Donald Trump soon after he was elected. The biggest, announced Monday, was for $20.6 million, with 10 percent of work performed in Orlando. Also, on Friday a contract for $11.7 million for test and evaluation support efforts for the jet fighter aircraft for the Air Force and Navy, and international partner countries, with five percent of that work coming to Orlando. Lockheed employs about 7,000 people in Orlando. The F-35's electro-optical targeting system is engineered in Orlando at the Missiles and Fire Control plant on Sand Lake Road, and the company's Orlando simulation and training division also has an ongoing $122 million deal to build other key support equipment for the much-criticized next-generation stealth fighter. Trump tweeted in December that "Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!" In February, CNN reported that the defense giant agreed to sell 90 new F-35 fighter jets to the US Defense Department for $8.5 billion -- a deal that amounts to more than $700 million in savings over the last batch of aircraft delivered. The company credited Trump with driving down the cost through negotiation. Contact me with a business news tip at pbrinkmann@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5660; Twitter is @PaulBrinkmann Caption Analysts predict Snap stock will plunge Brian Wiser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group in New York, gave it a “sell” rating. (March 3, 2017) Brian Wiser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group in New York, gave it a “sell” rating. (March 3, 2017) Caption Analysts predict Snap stock will plunge Brian Wiser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group in New York, gave it a “sell” rating. (March 3, 2017) Brian Wiser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group in New York, gave it a “sell” rating. (March 3, 2017) Caption The problems of Uber In a statement to Uber employees, Kalanick apologized and said he intends to seek leadership help. (March 1, 2017) In a statement to Uber employees, Kalanick apologized and said he intends to seek leadership help. (March 1, 2017) Caption Hhgregg closing 88 stores, including six in Illinois Hhgregg will close 40% of its stores and leave 12 Illinois locations open as it works to stem the red ink and turn around slow sales. Hhgregg will close 40% of its stores and leave 12 Illinois locations open as it works to stem the red ink and turn around slow sales. Caption Wisconsin’s Irish butter ban The law requires butter sold in Wisconsin to be graded through a federal or state system. (March 2, 2017) The law requires butter sold in Wisconsin to be graded through a federal or state system. (March 2, 2017) Caption I-Drive developer discusses future of Artegon Marketplace AMP Group's Alejandro Pezzini talks about how a new project at the Artegon Marketplace spot could transform North International Drive.  AMP Group's Alejandro Pezzini talks about how a new project at the Artegon Marketplace spot could transform North International Drive.  Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Lockheed Martin Corp. In blow to U.S., federal court rules the Snuggie is a blanket Pictures: Groundbreaking ceremony for phase two of Dr. Phillips Center Cost-cutting claims hhgregg Orlando store by Florida Mall All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 61°
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States The Bull Market Turns 8 Years Old: Shocking News Headlines Then Versus Now By Jon C. Ogg March 6, 2017 4:04 pm EST Print Email Tweet 2017 may feel like it has been a year of surprises. The reality is that 2017 is just a continuation of yet another year of surprises. What is amazing now is that the current bull market is now turning 8 years old. 24/7 Wall St. has decided to feature a then versus now, and it is important to recall that the attitude of the investing public is truly night and day. Stocks have now hit all-time highs in 2017 in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the S&P 500 Index, and even in the NASDAQ. Investors have bought after every single sell-off for over 5 years now, and those same investors are also looking for new ideas and overlooked opportunities. The S&P 500 Index bottomed at 666.79 on March 6, 2009. That was at 2,376.75 on last look, up a whopping 256%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average hit a low of 6,469.95 on March 6, 2009. After having hit 21,000  The Dow was last trading at 20,972 for a gain of 224%. The NASDAQ hit a low of 1,265.52 on March 9, 2009, one trading day after the S&P and the Dow hit their lows. At about 5,850 on last look, that is a gain of 362%. The 10-year Treasury yield on March 6, 2009 was at a low of 2.77% — yet that yield is 2.50% some 8 years later. CNN’s closing bell title on March 6, 2009: Dow fights back… The blue-chip indicator musters a gain after hitting a 12-year low on the weak jobs report and bank woes. Now think about something for March 6, 2009 — The BLS reported on that day that employers had cut a whopping 651,000 jobs from their payrolls in February of 2009. This coming jobs report is calling for close to a gain of 200,000. It was also on March 6, 2008 that the BLS reported that unemployment rose to 8.1% from 7.6% the prior month — versus less than 5% now. Also noted back on March 6, 2009: GM’s survival was in doubt. Citigroup shares broke the $1.00 mark. GE shares hit $6.66 — they are $30 now. Split-adjusted: Apple shares were at $12.9 on March 6, 2009 and were $11.87 the next day, versus $139 today. Boeing shares dipped under $30 on March 6 and 9 (2009) — versus $180 now. The Dow was down over 6% for the week, and was down almost 25% year-to-date. The Dow was down 53% versus its all-time high on October 9, 2007. Wells Fargo slashed its quarterly dividend by 85% to $0.05 from $0.34) to save $5 billion per year. General Electric was just starting to bounce back from 18-year lows hit earlier in the week. NYMEX crude was $45.52 per barrel on March 6, 2009– versus $53.25 in 2017. COMEX gold was at $942.70 per ounce on March 6, 2009 — versus $1,227 in 2017. Here are just some of the 24/7 Wall St. headlines grabbed around business coverage going into March of 2009 and in the days following the v-bottom: AIG’s Plan To Bleed The Government Dry Blackstone: 45% of the world’s wealth has been destroyed. JPMorgan Chase All But Murders Its Dividend When Stockpiling Gold Becomes Hoarding Gold A Call for $3,000 Gold United Technologies (UTX)  will cut 11,600 jobs. RBS Loses $34 Billion: Banks Still Have Capacity To Surprise Berkshire’s Annual Letter: Pain Yesterday, More Pain Tomorrow Banker: “Take This TARP and Shove It” (NYT) Some banks want to return government aid because of attached strings Citigroup Shares Off 40% After Government Deal Saving Private Ryan: Sending The Financial World To Save Eastern Europe YouTube Passes 100 Billion Views A Month And No One Cares A Solution For Troubled Newspapers And Magazines: Internet-Only Products Roubini, From Doom To Less-Doom The AIG “Save Us Or We Will Destroy You” Card Jim Cramer Picks DJIA 5,320 As Absolute DJIA Bottom Sirius XM Holders Get To Live Longer Should The Market Ever Go Up 7% In A Day? (March 11) Freddie Mac Burns Another $23.9 Billion Ten Stocks That Should Double (GE, GCI, AAPL, YHOO, MSFT, COP, XOM, CVX, BP, CBS, SONC, M, C) (March 17) Meredith Whitney’s Replacement at Oppenheimer Far Less Negative on Banks (March 17) FOMC Massively Gooses Government Balance Sheet I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club The Happiest (and Most Miserable) Cities in America » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Value Investing Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Employer in Every State The 25 Healthiest Cities in America The Most Iconic Job in Every State The Richest Town in Every State 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent The Happiest (and Most Miserable) Cities in America The Bull Market Turns 8 Years Old: Shocking News Headlines Then Versus Now Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club JPMorgan, Intel Sink DJIA on Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Douglas Dynamics Overcomes a Weak Winter Apple Stock Nears $140: Still a Buy? 4 New Must-Read Quotes From Tesla, Inc. CEO Elon Musk Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,964.99 France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,968.75 U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,359.58 Why Is Honda Motor (HMC) Up 3.1% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is Merck (MRK) Up 3.7% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is Nokia (NOK) Up 9.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Snap slumps 12 percent, closes at lowest since IPO Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns VW CEO sees no immediate trouble from PSA-Opel deal Australia's Economy Avoids Recession China Shares Edge Up on Tech Gains Nikkei Closes Lower, Small Caps Buck Trend Republicans Just Made It Easier For Companies To Exploit Workers Donald Trump Will Decide Whether You Get Overtime Pay White House Lifts Several Sentences From Exxon Mobil Press Release Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home News Politics Terrorism News Tory Home Secretary signals Theresa May's flagship anti-terror law could be ditched Asked if we are "still going to have" the Counter Extremism Bill, Home Secretary Amber Rudd replied: "I can’t give complete confirmation"  Share  Comments ByBen Glaze 21:55, 6 MAR 2017 News Will the PM's long-promised extremism law come to pass? (Photo: REUTERS)  Share  Comments Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Theresa May’s flagship anti-terror law could be binned, her successor as Home Secretary signalled tonight. Amber Rudd fuelled fears the Counter Extremism Bill will be axed during an appearance before MPs and peers. Asked what had happened to the long-promised Bill and if “we are still going to have one”, she told the joint committee on National Security Strategy: “We are considering that at the moment. “I can’t give (you) complete confirmation but we are continuing to consider it.” Doubts have been mounting over the Bill’s future ever since it was announced in last year’s Queen Speech. Read More British military bases hit by two security breaches a DAY as number of incidents soars Critics said it failed to outline a clear definition of the problem it was designed to tackle. There have been repeated claims ministers were planning to shelve the laws. Home Secretary Amber Rudd was speaking to a House of Lords committee During an 80-minute grilling, she also admitted the Brexit -fuelled slump in Sterling could punch dents in the defence budgets. Officials had “hedged” the currency for two years but failure to rebound would hit spending plans, she said. “It won’t impact immediately. Of course, we don’t know where the currency will be in two years; time,” Ms Rudd added. “But it is something we are every aware of and could impact after two years if it is in the same place, if we have a situation where our purchasing power is down by 15%, it will have an impact.” Ministers have planned a range of foreign imports to add to Armed Forces’ hardware. It includes a deal to buy nine Boeing P8 spy planes for the RAF from the US, F35 Lightning II fighter jets and French steel for the new Dreadnought submarines carrying the Navy’s Trident nuclear missiles. Earlier, answering Home Office questions in the Commons, Ms Rudd said the UK would try aim to stay part of the European Arrest Warrant system after quitting the EU. She told MPs: “The European Arrest Warrant is an effective tool and is absolutely essential to delivering effective judgment to the murderers, rapists and paedophiles that we have managed to seek judgment on. The new F-35B Lightning II jet will be added to Britain's military arsenal (Photo: Getty) “It is a priority to ensure that we do remain part of it and I can also reassure honourable colleagues throughout the House that this is something that our European partners would like to achieve as well.” Meanwhile, the Prime Minister’s outgoing national security adviser, Sir Mark Lyall-Grant, denied he had fallen out with Mrs May. He quits the role next month following claims No 10 was unhappy at the way he “mansplained” to the PM. But he said: “There is no truth in those reports. “It has been a great honour for me to be able to serve two prime ministers and I feel I’ve done my best with both those Prime Ministers. “Both of them have said they have been very happy with me.” Sir Mark insisted he “ever found it difficult to speak truth to power”. He added: “I have spent 37 years in government service and I feel the time has come to try something new.” Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Politics Newsletter Follow @MirrorPolitics Subscribe to our Politics newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Conservative Party European Union Home Office Theresa May Brexit Armed forces Politics Terrorism News all Most Read Most Recent RapeCCTV images of British backpacker 'held hostage and raped for two months' minutes before she was dramatically rescued The young woman was allegedly repeatedly beaten and sexually assaulted by a 22-year-old Cairns man she agreed to go on a road trip with International Space StationBizarre 'megaship' captured by International Space Station camera before Nasa 'dims the feed' Conspiracy theorists are claiming Nasa may have adjusted the image to make the strange objects 'disappear' CrimeNursery worker arrested after CCTV 'shows her pushing four-year-old girl down flight of stairs' Sarah Gable, 52, was immediately fired from the childcare centre and later arrested on suspicion of simple assault and endangering the welfare of a child International Women's DayWomen urged to take the day off next Wednesday as part of 'Day Without a Woman' strike The group behind the Women’s March are encouraging women to take part in honour of International Women's Day RapeDad raped teenage daughter to 'prove sex was better with men' after she told him she was gay The 54-year-old reacted with "uncontrolled anger” by brutally attacking the 16-year-old who had confided in him that she was "struggling with her identity" ElephantsOne of Africa's oldest and largest elephants 'killed by poachers with a poisoned arrow' in Kenya Satao II, a 50-year-old 'giant tusker' named after another famed giant killed in 2014, was found dead on Monday - now there are only 30 left Tony BellewMum's heartfelt story of Tony Bellew saving son's life by standing up to bullies and telling them 'I'm his best mate' Laura Evison says the 16-year-old schoolboy 'was in a bad place' being severely bullied at school - until The Bomber stepped in The BudgetWhen is the Budget 2017? Time, how to watch and predictions for Philip Hammond's big financial statement Chancellor Philip Hammond gives his first Spring Budget speech in March 2017 - here are the announcements so far including social care, skills and a D-Day memorial Greg RutherfordGreg Rutherford's ex manager jailed after conning long jumper out of £48,000 to fund gambling addiction The Olympian said the thought that someone he trusted had been so dishonest has left him feeling "sick" in a victim impact statement Philip HammondWho is Philip Hammond? Profile of the Chancellor as he delivers Budget 2017 He's known as Spreadsheet Phil, but he's got a slightly more flamboyant past. Here's everything you need to know Most Read Most Recent RapeCCTV images of British backpacker 'held hostage and raped for two months' minutes before she was dramatically rescued The young woman was allegedly repeatedly beaten and sexually assaulted by a 22-year-old Cairns man she agreed to go on a road trip with International Space StationBizarre 'megaship' captured by International Space Station camera before Nasa 'dims the feed' Conspiracy theorists are claiming Nasa may have adjusted the image to make the strange objects 'disappear' Paul BurrellDiana's 'rock' Paul Burrell reveals he's marrying his boyfriend - nine months after divorcing wife Princess Diana's former butler will wed lawyer Graham Cooper in April as he reveals gay relationship for first time Celebrity NewsShocking video shows Louis Tomlinson and girlfriend in airport altercation with fans that led to his arrest The One Direction star was arrested and released on bail following the altercation at LAX on Saturday CrimeNursery worker arrested after CCTV 'shows her pushing four-year-old girl down flight of stairs' Sarah Gable, 52, was immediately fired from the childcare centre and later arrested on suspicion of simple assault and endangering the welfare of a child Paul BurrellPrincess Diana was the "only woman" who knew her butler Paul Burrell was gay He's announced he's marrying his boyfriend nine months after divorcing his wife Arsenal FCArsenal would not finish in top four without Alexis Sanchez, claims Chelsea legend Frank Lampard The Chilean was left out of the starting line-up for Saturday's defeat to Liverpool as speculation over his future continues AccessoriesSonos PlayBase: The only speaker you need in your living room Sonos has revealed the latest addition to its family of wireless speakers, the PlayBase CopyrightAre Kodi boxes legal in the UK? How authorities are cracking down on 'plug and play' piracy Thousands of Brits are buying "fully loaded" Kodi boxes to watch sports, TV and films without a subscription ElephantsOne of Africa's oldest and largest elephants 'killed by poachers with a poisoned arrow' in Kenya Satao II, a 50-year-old 'giant tusker' named after another famed giant killed in 2014, was found dead on Monday - now there are only 30 left Top Stories Celebrity NewsShocking video shows One Direction star Louis Tomlinson and girlfriend embroiled in airport altercation with fans The singer was arrested and released on bail following the altercation at LAX on Saturday Budgens PLCSupermarket chain Budgens closing 34 stores with 815 job losses after one of its owners goes into administration Administrators are closing all 36 convenience stores only 9 months after the supermarket was bought from the Co-op. UK NewsBuilder who earned over £1 million after he lied about CV to scoop two top NHS jobs jailed for two years Jon Andrewes, 63, was jailed for two years after he lied on his CV to earn high paying senior health positions for more than a decade CrimeWoman stops car to violently beat passenger on roadside as shocked onlookers film from their vehicles WARNING - VIOLENT CONTENT: The shocking video shows one woman repeatedly punching and kicking her victim - who lies curled up by the kerb Gary BarlowLet it Shine winners won't be stars of Take That musical - they'll be backing singers The BBC has been slated by viewers for 'misleading' them after it was revealed the talent show winners Five to Five won't even speak in the production Mick FanningWorld champ surfer planning return to water after shark attack live on TV The triple world champion was attacked during a competition that was being filmed live for TV but managed to fight his way out of danger Hate crimeOAP attacked gay woman with Asda trolley yelling 'you're f****** sick!' because she hugged her partner WARNING EXPLICIT LANGUAGE: Pensioner Samuel Parke pleaded guilty to assaulting Lorna Clarke and accepted that the argument had a 'hate crime' element UK NewsGirl was 45 minutes from death after doctors TWICE turned her away from hospital Karis Cochrane underwent emergency surgery after her stomach pains were initially dismissed as 'constipation' Incredible EscapesLucky escape for girl cocooned inside 'deadly sleeping bag' after lamp fell and set her bed on fire Brooque-Rae Whewell, 6, was sleeping soundly at her home in the early hours of Saturday morning when she became aware of a burning sensation on her legs CrimeNursery worker arrested after CCTV 'shows her pushing four-year-old girl down flight of stairs' Sarah Gable, 52, was immediately fired from the childcare centre and later arrested on suspicion of simple assault and endangering the welfare of a child Marko GrujicLiverpool youngster Marko Grujic makes first appearance in four months after returning from hamstring injury The Serbian ace played an hour before being replaced in the Reds' under 23s victory against Reading Team SkyTeam Sky riders publicly back Sir Dave Brailsford after reports of a revolt Three-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome did not join his team-mates in offering public support to Brailsford CCTV images of British backpacker 'held hostage and raped for two months' minutes before she was dramatically rescued Bizarre 'megaship' captured by International Space Station camera before Nasa 'dims the feed' Nursery worker arrested after CCTV 'shows her pushing four-year-old girl down flight of stairs' Women urged to take the day off next Wednesday as part of 'Day Without a Woman' strike Dad raped teenage daughter to 'prove sex was better with men' after she told him she was gay Newborn baby violently beaten to death by her dad 'ONE day after social workers visited family' Jeremy Corbyn is a 'disaster' for Labour and should quit as leader, says Professor Stephen Hawking Karen Danczuk launches astonishing attack on parents of Madeleine McCann claiming they have "guilt" over disappearance RAF fighters scrambled to intercept flight from Bucharest and escort it to Birmingham Mum gets fake paedophiles to attack young son to teach him chilling lesson Tesco superstore filled with shoppers evacuated after man found dead in customer toilet Bikini model who gained three stone because of brain tumour speaks of her shocking degeneration in under a year Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo's teenage cousin is SHOT DEAD while 'trying to rob ex-cop at gunpoint' Girl, 4, suffered burst appendix and was 45 minutes from death after doctors TWICE turned her away from hospital Supermarket chain Budgens closing 34 stores with 815 job losses after one of its owners goes bust Corrie McKeague's dad says he's "haunted" by the thought of his son being crushed in a bin lorry Lotto winner Jane Park sells house and flogs furniture on Facebook as she moves back in with her mum Tributes to "beautiful" mum who died before completing bucket list written after terminal cancer diagnosis Pregnant mum sobs for joy after seeing 'dead grandmother's face' in baby scan Callous husband divorces wife after she discovers she's dying from gruesome untreated breast cancer News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Airbus sees about 30 percent fewer orders for jet industry in 2017 By admin in Uncategorized March 6, 2017 SAN DIEGO: Airbus expects the jetliner industry to book almost 30 percent fewer net orders in 2017, but to maintain a slow increase in deliveries, its sales chief said on Monday.John Leahy, chief operating officer for customers at the world’s second-largest jet producer behind Boeing , said he expected the industry would book over 1,000 net orders in 2017 compared with around 1,400 in 2016.He did not say how this would translate into orders for Airbus, which has not issued a forecast for new commercial business this year.Leahy also said that Airbus would not embark on significant new… Post navigation Investor group seeks to bar Snap from indexes over voting rights Man arrested under Bankstown balcony after allegedly murdering partner Search for: Recent Posts Spring scenery in Tibet Begum Jaan Vidya Balan pulls a Shah Rukh Khan on us and boy, we are impressed! (see picture) Kerala State Film Awards: Will Mohanlal’s Pulimurugan win the Best Film award for 2016? From Kareena Kapoor in Chameli to Vidya Balan in Begum Jaan: How Bollywood’s leading ladies played ‘non-sank Noor trailer: Sonakshi Sinha’s journey from a girl-next-door to a braveheart, truth-seeking journalist is spell-binding! Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 6° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style UK World Politics Nature Science Royal Weather Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland Home News UK Sheffield can be hub of new engineering revolution for the UK says Theresa May Sheffield can be hub of new engineering revolution for the UK says Theresa May PRIME Minister Theresa May has highlighted a series of hi-tech investment announcements in the Sheffield area, saying the city can "help power a new engineering revolution for the UK". PUBLISHED: 09:42, Mon, Mar 6, 2017 | UPDATED: 09:56, Mon, Mar 6, 2017 GETTYTheresa May hopes Sheffield can ‘power a new engineering revolution’ Mrs May said the imminent arrival of new McLaren and Boeing plants in South Yorkshire were made possible by "the city pooling its skills and working together".  Writing in Sheffield's The Star newspaper, the Prime Minister said: "Attracting one of the world's most famous car brands and one of the leading names in aerospace to Sheffield were deals built on the city pooling its skills and working together.  Related articles Whisky - Hundreds of millions of pounds AT RISK if Scotland leaves UK Scientists urge Theresa May to push for UK regulations after Brexit "I want to see the prosperity that areas like London and the South East have enjoyed replicated across the country. That means developing and supporting key sectors to inspire an economic revival in places like South Yorkshire, and all our great regions and cities."  Aerospace giant Boeing has announced plans to build its first European factory on the border of Sheffield and Rotherham. The £20million facility will manufacture parts and systems used on aeroplane wings for the company's aircraft.  The firm will also initiate a major research and development programme with the University of Sheffield's Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre (AMRC) to develop new manufacturing techniques.  Sheffield can help power a new engineering revolution for the UK Prime Minister Theresa May The proposed 24,750 sq feet factory will be built alongside the AMRC.  The Boeing announcement came just weeks after McLaren Automotive revealed plans for a new chassis manufacturing facility in the Sheffield City Region.  The AMRC was co-founded by the University of Sheffield and Boeing in 2001 as a centre for collaborative research.  Where are the best places to work in Europe? Fri, January 13, 2017 The top countries in Europe to work LESS and earn MORE Based on the top 10 most migrated to countries from the UK. Play slideshow 1 of 11 GETTYNew McLaren and Boeing plants are set to arrive in South Yorkshire The Prime Minister also highlighted a new £13 million investment package for the growing Sheffield tech firm The Floow.  She said: "Sheffield can help power a new engineering revolution for the UK.  GETTYPointing to hi-tech investment in the area the Prime Minister the city to ‘work together' "I know Star readers will be delighted after the spectacular successes of luring McLaren and Boeing investments to South Yorkshire in a matter of weeks.  "And I want the model being pioneered in the city to be copied across the country." Related articles BT chairman says Britain must accept and adjust to Brexit Lord Myners: UK 'a lot less attractive' to investors because of BREXIT Business leaders hail unveiling of May’s new industrial strategy Most read in UK 1 BREAKING: RAF jets scrambled to intercept flight over North Sea from Romania 2 Sturgeon gets DOUBLE indy BLOW: 'Oil WON'T save economy & Scotland in EU is not possible' 3 ‘That's what’s wrong with you LEFTIES!’ Trump backers ROAST Evan Davis for President jibe 4 'You didn't turn up!' Diane Abbott ROASTED over calling for yet ANOTHER Brexit vote 5 UK faces 'NIGHTMARE' of registering 'MILLIONS of EU migrants post-Brexit', experts predict BREAKING: RAF jets scrambled to intercept flight over North Sea from Romania ‘That's what’s wrong with you LEFTIES!’ Trump backers ROAST Evan Davis for President jibe Sturgeon gets DOUBLE indy BLOW: 'Oil WON'T save economy & Scotland in EU is not possible' President Hollande urges 'outsider' UK to join EU ARMY as unit assumes Africa operations Stephen Hawking says Jeremy Corbyn is a ‘disaster’ and ‘should step down' as Labour leader Apprentice star tells Remoaners QUIT BLEATING as leaving EU is not ‘end of the world’ Britons could be PHOTOGRAPHED and FINGERPRINTED at ‘fortress Europe’ border post-Brexit UK faces 'NIGHTMARE' of registering 'MILLIONS of EU migrants post-Brexit', experts predict 'Rodents are RUNNING RIOT' Asda slapped with £300,000 fine after inspectors find THIS Former SNP MSP says it's 'UNTHINKABLE' for Scots to be denied new independence vote 'You can’t have equality they're talking about!' Former SNP politician's Indyref2 warning Latest videos GBP to AUD exchange rate - Pound dives against AUS dollar after French president’s warning 'What about gun crime?' Piers Morgan RAGES at Trump supporter in heated travel ban debate James Bond news: Matt LeBlanc wants to be the next 007 – ‘I look every inch the character’ Eating THIS fruit will boost YOUR memory - but could the juice protect against dementia? A 10-minute deal to leave the EU? It could happen Daily Express Youngsters should only be jailed as 'last resort' to stop them turning into hard criminals Grandmother died after heart valve was put in upside down during surgery Former BBC weatherman Bill Giles tells forecasters to stop being 'NANNIES' to the public EXCLUSIVE: Travellers 'make Dale Farm 2' but council says 'we're POWERLESS to stop them' Blue plaque for trade unionist and equal pay campaigner Mary Macarthur 'You've made Brits into HOSTAGES' Ridge accuses Hilary Benn of 'ABANDONING' expats abroad REVEALED: More than 130,000 EU nationals apply for UK residency in six months after Brexit Police legal chief quits after fling with married senior officer Heroin dealer spared jail after telling judge there will be no one to care for her CATS MP Gill Furniss’s daughter suffered fractures after being made to wear stilettos to work The manager who fleeced Olympic hero Greg Rutherford of £48,000 jailed Parents outraged after primary school children quizzed over parents' smoking and drinking Family reveals agony over allotment killing of 80-year-old grandmother Survivors and victims' relatives remember Zeebrugge 30 years on Brexit undermined? Negotiation documents snapped outside Downing Street 'Long way to go' MP says probe reveals sexism in workplace is rife during high heel debate 'It's food racism!' New scandal erupts in the EU over NUTELLA Former actor and disability campaigner Lord Brian Rix left more than £1.2m in his will Car wash worker dies week after horror crash saw vehicle plough into pedestrians Museum staff stunned after 200-year-old bank note is returned decades after it was stolen 'Put your big boy pants on!' Sky News host shouts down Labour MP over Cumbria Zoo deaths George Galloway DEMANDS Theresa May gives Scotland second independence vote AFTER Brexit Manchester fire cloaks city centre in smoke as Deansgate restaurant goes up in flames 'Gifted' student became would-be IS fighter from surfing internet, court told Business expert takes aim at PROJECT FEAR and insists car industry will BOOM post-Brexit Luton Fire latest: Huge blaze rips through ASDA superstore in Luton - shoppers flee 'FEMINIST' radio host bashes 'SILLY GIRL' Emma Watson over 'hypocritical' topless shoot 'This is ridiculous' Ukip deputy REBUKES activist who blames Farage for hate crime spike 'Do not undermine NATO!' Boris Johnson fires warning shot to EU over Brussels army plans Dance company Rambert to pay staff voluntary living wage When is St George's Day 2017? Who was St George and how do the English celebrate? Bar Council head voices concern at treatment of immigrants in jails and centres Runner dies after collapsing just metres before the end of his first timed 10km race Corrie McKeague disappearance: Police to search landfill site in Milton this week 'We've MOVED ON!' Peston GRILLS potential Corbyn successor over Tony Blair and Brexit No more gigs in Britain: Higher business rates 'could threaten live music venues' CHOKING HAZARD? Mum claims chocolate mini eggs should be cut in HALF for kids 'That’s NOT correct' Peers clash after Remainer says 'hard' Brexit is 'economic suicide' BBC radio pundit called woman who rejected him a 's**g' and bit off her husband's ear Woman suffers 13 years of hell after husband says she looked like a man 'Walk-outs are sign of failure' Khan wants Southern Rail contract to go to strike-hit TfL 'Pessimistic' Vince Cable casts post-Brexit GLOOM over Peugeot takeover of Vauxhall Work into your 70s: Nearly HALF of older employees will keep clocking on Poor advice for pupils: Hundreds of thousands of youngsters missing out on apprenticeships Injured man stretchered THREE MILES down Lake District peak by hero mountain rescuers SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Tuesday, 7th March 2017 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Nature Science Royal Weather Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news UFC F1 Boxing Cricket Golf Tennis Rugby Union Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Express Comment Columnists Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Jackpot Millions Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Race to Put Robots in Space Has Begun And one of the space companies leading this race hails from Canada. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Mar 6, 2017 at 2:03PM The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) serves as the "mad scientist" wing of the U.S. Pentagon, responsible for building such things as anthropomorphic robots and super-secret spy planes. Perhaps it shouldn't come as a huge surprise that now, DARPA wants to put robots in space. The bigger surprise is that these will be peaceful robots, quietly tinkering on glitchy spacecraft and helping to extend the lifespan of satellites in orbit. It came from outer space -- and it had hands! (Artist's concept of what DARPA's RSV will look like.) Image source: DARPA. Department of Defense will open a space tow-truck service Last month, DARPA announced it has teamed up with Space Systems Loral (SSL) "to develop technologies that would enable cooperative inspection and servicing of satellites in geosynchronous orbit (GEO), more than 20,000 miles above the Earth, and demonstrate those technologies on orbit." DARPA calls this its Robotic Servicing of Geosynchronous Satellites (RSGS) project, and its missions in orbit will include: High-resolution inspection of satellites in orbit Fixing "mechanical anomalies, such as solar array and antenna deployment malfunctions" Towing satellites that have left their planned orbits back into the correct flight path Upgrading satellites with new and additional payloads Refueling satellites that have run out of gas DARPA believes that if successful, RSGS could "radically [lower] the risks and costs of operating" both military and commercial satellites in GEO. Who is SSL? SSL is a division of Canadian space tech specialist MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates, the same company that last month agreed to buy U.S. satellite imaging specialist DigitalGlobe (NYSE:DGI) in a $2.4 billion deal. What will SSL do? DARPA will provide a "robotic module" including specialized arms for repairing satellites, a toolkit, and software to operate all of the above. SSL's role in RSGS will be to supply a spacecraft and integrate DARPA's module into it, thus forming one complete "robotic servicing vehicle," or RSV. SSL will then demo the RSV in orbit, after which it will offer to service defunct military and commercial satellites on a paid basis. Best of all, SSL gets to retain ownership of the RSV once the demo is done. As for what DARPA gets out of all this, SSL has agreed to offer discounted prices for servicing military satellites "throughout the operational life of the RSV." Additionally, DARPA will license its module technology to other private space corporations, receiving license fees for their use. Wait. I'm getting deja vu... I don't blame you. All of the above does sound a lot like NASA's Restore-L program to service satellites, doesn't it? I mean, even to the extent of DARPA making SSL its favored contractor, just as NASA did.  Well, DARPA addresses this confusion, too, explaining that the key differences between its RSGS program and NASA's Restore-L are: The RSGS RSV will be doctoring satellites in GEO -- farther from Earth and with more of a communications lag than Restore-L will experience in LEO (low earth orbit). Thus, whereas Restore-L can be remotely operated from Earth, RSGS will be a truly independent robot, working more or less autonomously at very high orbits. Additionally, Restore-L is purely a demonstration project, whereas the RSGS robot will be expected to remain in operation for some years after its demo is complete. Thus, it needs to be more robust and higher-reliability (and presumably, more expensive) than Restore-L. All that said, DARPA "has conducted extensive dialogues" with NASA regarding Restore-L, and will be exchanging information with its counterparts to accelerate development of both programs. What it means to investors Strange as it may seem, Canada-owned SSL is fast becoming a favorite of America's government aerospace and defense agencies. That's not great news for U.S. investors who might want to invest in SSL's parent company, whose stock for the time being is listed only in Toronto. It could also be bad news for local American aerospace companies like Boeing (NYSE:BA), Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT), and Orbital ATK (NYSE:OA). Boeing and Lockheed, as you may know, work together under the umbrella of the United Launch Alliance to perform services in space. As we reported last year, they are teaming up to build a space tow-truck service. At some time in the next few years, Boeing and Lockheed Martin plan to convert spent second-stage launch rockets into chassis for "space trucks" that can shuttle supplies around in orbit, refuel, and even make repairs on satellites. Orbital ATK has a similar plan, but it will use a custom-made Mission Extension Vehicle, or MEV, to refuel, tow around, and perform repairs on orbiting satellites. What's more, Orbital ATK may be first in this race, as it plans to put its first MEV in orbit as early as next year. But now SSL is joining in the fun. With backing from both NASA and DARPA as well, it's clear which horse the U.S. government is backing, even if it appears SSL will be last out of the gate. If ULA and Orbital ATK want to secure their place in this race, they need to get their respective space tow truck services in orbit -- and pronto. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends DigitalGlobe and Orbital ATK. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Mar 6, 2017 at 2:03PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $180.93 down $-1.25 (-0.69%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $267.72 down $0.04 (-0.01%) Orbital ATK NYSE:OA $94.73 up $0.27 (0.29%) DigitalGlobe NYSE:DGI $31.75 up $0.25 (0.79%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing Stock Could Suffer From 777 Production Cut Boeing Training Jet Rivals Are Dropping Like Flies Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The Race to Put Robots in Space Has Begun @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $LMT, $OA, $DGI
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Peugeot-owner PSA is making nice as it takes control of Vauxhall but tough decisions lie ahead Brexit hangs over everything and the downside of Britain’s flexible economy is that it’s cheap to fire people  James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Monday 6 March 2017 15:30 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online The Vauxhall Astra: Where will the new model be built? PSA Group boss Carlos Tavares was saying all the right things as his company’s acquisition of General Motors’ European arm, including Vauxhall, was confirmed.  “I trust my Vauxhall employees in the UK,” he said. “I know that they are skilled. I know that they are dedicated. I know that they are committed. As long as we improve their performance and we become the best, there is no risk they should fear”.  British ministers take note. There’s a lot you could learn from this man as regards diplomacy.  Read more GM May Book $4.5 Billion Writedown on Opel Sale to PSA Peugeot PSA Peugeot Buys GM's European Business for $2.4 Billion, Creating Region's Second-Biggest Carmaker Peugeot-Citroën plays down fears of Vauxhall job losses However, away from the honeyed words, hard negotiations lie ahead and while the company’s factories at Luton and Ellesmere Port are safe for now, their long-term futures remain in doubt.  Unite leader Len McCluskey said the union has been working “day and night to fight for members’ interests” and pledged to continue to do so. He’ll need to be at the top of his game. General Motors Europe lost its previous owner billions. Mr Tavares cannot allow it to continue haemorrhaging cash, not if he wants to keep his job.  There will inevitably be some short-term pain involved in getting the plants to where he wants them to be. That was what his comment about improving performance was all about. Of more concern, however, to both Mr McCluskey and the Brexit Government is what happens two to three years out.  Vauxhall employs 4,500 people directly at its plants in Luton and Ellesmere Port, plus a further 18,000 indirectly in the supply chain. If those jobs are lost, it’s unlikely that there will be anything like them along to plug the gap.  The location of the new Vauxhall Astra’s construction is an open question. Given the uncertainty created by Brexit, what would you do in Mr Tavares’s position? (Consider the possible imposition of tariffs and the near certainty of extra bureaucracy when exporting cars from a Britain outside of the EU, thanks to the May government insisting on a “hard” Brexit.) You might very well be tempted by put your shiny new model somewhere that limits its impact. Go with Britain and the tariffs and bureaucracy will affect exports to the enormous European single market. Opt for somewhere in Europe and they will only effect exports to the much smaller British market. QED.  In point of fact, it’s not just PSA that is or will be considering its position against that backdrop. The same is true for almost every carmaker operating within these shores. Keeping them could get expensive in terms of the concessions and sweeteners they may demand to compensate them for what they’re going to have to put up with in future.  As for the more immediate need to make cuts so GM Europe makes money, well, right-wingers often hail Britain’s “flexible” labour market. Trouble is that flexibility makes it very much easier to fire British workers than it does their German or French colleagues.  Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 2/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 3/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 4/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 5/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 6/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 7/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 8/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 9/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 10/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 11/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 12/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 13/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 14/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 15/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 16/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 17/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 18/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 19/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 20/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 21/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 22/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 23/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 24/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 25/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 26/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 27/35 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 28/35 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 29/35 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 30/35 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 31/35 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 32/35 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 33/35 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 34/35 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 35/35 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex Again, what would you do when deciding where to swing the axe? It is true that the UK remains an important market for PSA, and Mr Tavares will have noted the more assertive, interventionist line taken by the British Government towards the economy and business of late. He’ll probably be open to a deal to keep things sweet.  As I said, keeping carmakers around in Britain could soon start to get very expensive.      More about: Vauxhall Peugeot-PSA car makers Luton Ellesmere Port Brexit Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Public interest groups urge officials to protect net neutrality Technology — 4h 25m ago Freedom Caucus chair questions if ObamaCare replacement will lower costs Healthcare — 5h 8m ago Carson doubles-down: Slaves were ‘involuntary immigrants’ News — 6h 46m ago US sending anti-missile system to South Korea: report International — 6h 53m ago Trump, Graham to lunch Tuesday Floor Action — 6h 53m ago Schumer promises Dems will try to defeat 'Trumpcare' Senate — 7h 8m ago Samuel L. Jackson blasts Carson's slavery comment In The Know — 7h 28m ago Trump makes key changes to travel ban National Security — 7h 40m ago view all   Moneyman brings budget prowess to lobby firm By Megan R. Wilson - 03/06/17 06:00 AM EST 56   © Getty Images Capitol Hill’s top moneyman is taking his budget savvy to K Street after more than two decades years on the job. Will Smith, who has led the House Appropriations Committee’s Republican staff for the last three years of his congressional career, will be joining Cornerstone Government Affairs, a lobbying firm that handles a slew of appropriations work. He starts March 20. Smith worked for the panel, which crafts legislation to fund the federal government, for five years, but spent the bulk of his time — 12 years — in Rep. Hal Rogers’ (R-Ky.) personal office, where he rose to chief of staff.  Rogers called Smith his “right hand in the halls of Congress” in a statement to The Hill. “Will has been my right hand in the halls of Congress for nearly two decades, and I cannot imagine a more thoughtful advisor, a more capable strategist, or a more loyal friend,” the Kentucky congressman said.  “His professionalism and commitment to the task at hand are truly unmatched.  Congress as an institution will not be the same without Will’s strong leadership and steady hand, but Cornerstone is fortunate to have such a talented and hard-working individual join its ranks,” he added.  Rogers, who represents Smith’s hometown of Beattyville, Ky., just ceded the gavel of the Appropriations committee to Rep. Rodney FrelinghuysenRodney FrelinghuysenMoneyman brings budget prowess to lobby firm Overnight Finance: Dem seeks Treasury probe into Trump, Russia | Koch-backed group floats border tax alternatives | Feds raid Caterpillar's offices | Jobless claims near four decade low Overnight Defense: Sessions recuses himself from Russia probes | Trump touts defense plans on aircraft carrier | House to vote on defense spending bill MORE (R-N.J.) at the beginning of this congressional session due to term limits.  Smith helped to shepherd the passage of 66 bills in the span of five years, and worked on the committee for a total of 600 budget and oversight hearings and more than 200 different investigations.  He talked about the power of using the budgeting process to fund repairs for damaged roads and infrastructure and creating programs to combat problems like the prescription drug and opioid addition epidemic, an issue he is passionate about.  “I grew up in a family where my dad was sort of the sole town doctor in a really small town in Kentucky, he served the people there for 60 years,” Smith said on in the Rayburn cafeteria on Friday on one of his last days of work.   “And so when I got out of college, I came up to Washington not really knowing what I wanted to do, but knowing that I wanted to spend some time up here and be a public servant and help the people back home,” he said.  Before prescription drug addiction made national headlines, Smith saw its impact in Kentucky.  While working as Rogers’s chief of staff, he helped the congressman create Operation UNITE in 2003, an organization to fight substance abuse. Smith looks at the organization and its evolution as one of the accomplishments of which he is the most proud. The organization’s name is an acronym for Unlawful Narcotics Investigations, Treatment and Education, which it describes as the “three-pronged” approach to combating drug abuse — resources for law enforcement, treatment for addicts and drug education in schools. In terms of what policy areas he plans to focus his advocacy efforts on, Smith smiles and says that he’s done it all.  Once he leaves, Smith cannot lobby any of his former colleagues on the Appropriations committee for one year. Cornerstone, which racked up $16.8 million in federal lobbying revenue last year, has clients including Johnson & Johnson, Microsoft, Boeing, H&R Block and ACT for NIH: Advancing Cures Today, an organization that seeks to increase funding for the National Institutes of Health. In addition, the firm has a reach outside the Beltway, with offices in eight states.  “Will is the consummate professional and a class act,” said Jim Richards, a principal and director at Cornerstone. “Will’s well-deserved and excellent reputation on both sides of the Capitol, and amongst both parties, brings tremendous value to our clients on a multitude of fronts.” In the fall of 2013, Smith slogged through the government shutdown, when Congress failed to enact spending legislation by the end of the fiscal year. Faced with an impasse over a GOP push to stop ObamaCare, the government shut down for 16 days that October, the first stoppage in more than 17 years.  “There’s not a day that’s not challenging out here,” Smith said, but “it was challenging in the sense that we were here every day, every night, for almost a month … producing legislation, putting bills across the floor,” he said. “[We were] trying to come up with— helping leadership come up with— a solution.” The House passed nine “mini” funding bills aimed at pumping cash into various agencies and programs, including the Department of Veterans Affairs, the National Institutes of Health and the National Park Service, but all of them died in the Democrat-controlled Senate. “It was a tough time,” Smith said. He glowingly refers to the Appropriations Committee as the “most collegial, bipartisan committee in the House.” “If you’re not funding the government, you’re in a bad situation, right?  The appropriations process is vital obviously to the functioning of government. We’re the only committee that absolutely has to produce every year, there’s no getting around that,” he said.   “We buckle down, we get our work done, we work best behind the scenes,” he adds, calling the members and staff on the panel, “work horses, not show horses.” When Smith first started on Capitol Hill in 1994, he worked for Sen. Mitch McConnellMitch McConnellFour GOP senators pledge to vote against rolling back Medicaid expansion Republicans shrug off Trump wiretap claims Moneyman brings budget prowess to lobby firm MORE (R-Ky.), now the Senate majority leader. He then spent a yearlong stint on a Senate Appropriations subcommittee, before starting with Rogers in 1998, a job he says he had moved to Washington to try and get.  “It’s a good time to leave, and it’s a good time explore new opportunities,” Smith said. “I feel like I’ve done what I’ve set out to do since I got here.” Tags Rodney Frelinghuysen, Mitch McConnell   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 GOP releases bills to repeal and... The measures dismantle the core aspects of ObamaCare. 484 Shares 2 Grassley probes FBI's ties to... Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) has opened an... 367 Shares 3 Khan speech in Canada cancelled... Gold Star father and outspoken President Trump critic Khizr Khan on Monday... 338 Shares 4 DHS head: Trump has ‘convincing’... "He's got his reasons to say it," John Kelly said of Trump. 298 Shares 5 David Letterman weighs in on '... David Letterman in a new Vulture interview weighs in on President Trump... 183 Shares 6 Republicans shrug off Trump... “We are laser focused and won’t be distracted by sideshows,” said one GOP... 177 Shares 7 Carson doubles-down: Slaves were ‘... Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson doubled-down Monday on... 148 Shares 8 White House on the defensive over... The White House struggled to answer questions Monday about President Trump... 114 Shares 9 Schumer on Trump claims: Either... Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) on Sunday raised questions... 72 Shares 10 McCain: Trump 'owes it' to... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on Monday said President Trump “owes it to the... 66 Shares 11 Former Bush attorney general:... Mukasey on Sunday said that President Trump is likely correct that there... 65 Shares 12 Samuel L. Jackson blasts Carson's... "Ben Carson...I can't," the actor tweeted. 60 Shares 13 Carson refers to slaves as '... Ben Carson in a conversation with employees of the Department of Housing... 57 Shares 14 Chelsea Clinton: Carson's remark... "Slaves were not & are not immigrants," she tweeted. 56 Shares 15 Spicer clashes with press over... White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday defended the... 52 Shares 16 Obstacles ahead as GOP begins... Republicans who have vowed for years to repeal and replace ObamaCare are... 51 Shares 17 White House appears to copy from... A White House press release on Monday congratulating ExxonMobil for its... 49 Shares 18 Hillary coming to terms with her... “She’s in a much better place than she was in two months ago,” said one... 47 Shares 19 Five takeaways from Trump’s new... President Trump issued an updated travel ban on Monday aimed at moving... 47 Shares 20 Trump signs revised travel ban... President Trump on Monday issued a new executive order on immigration that... 43 Shares 21 Freedom Caucus chair questions if... "Certainly we're making progress," Rep. Mark Meadows (R-S.C.) said. 43 Shares 22 Senate panel to probe Trump's... Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) said Trump has "challenged Congress to look... 41 Shares 23 DHS head confirms he's considering... "I would do almost anything to deter the people from Central America to... 39 Shares 24 FBI head ‘incredulous’ at Trump... James Comey reportedly feels "institutionally he has to push back on this." 39 Shares 25 ObamaCare repeal bill would defund... The ObamaCare repeal bill unveiled by the House Monday includes language... 35 Shares 26 Juan Williams: Time for a special... OPINION: Public pressure is building over links between President Trump’s... 35 Shares 27 House GOP bill repeals ObamaCare... ObamaCare's "Cadillac" tax on high-cost health plans would be allowed to... 33 Shares 28 What's changed in Trump's travel... The order includes changes aimed at ensuring the policy stands up in court... 33 Shares 29 Spokeswoman: 'I don't think' Trump... A White House spokeswoman on Monday said she doesn't think President Trump... 32 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Bezos Plans to Unveil More Space Initiatives ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Bezos Plans to Unveil More Space Initiatives Published March 06, 2017 Technology Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print (The Associated Press) The burgeoning space-transportation company owned by Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) chairman Jeff Bezos this week is expected to announce some customers and new initiatives, the latest step toward its long-term goal of building rockets powerful enough to penetrate deep into the solar system, according to industry officials. Continue Reading Below The moves by the typically secretive Mr. Bezos, these officials said, are anticipated to disclose further details about Blue Origin LLC's strategy to create a family of reusable rockets initially intended to take tourists on suborbital voyages, and then propel spacecraft into Earth's orbit and eventually blast both manned and robotic missions to the Moon and various planets. Plans for heavy-lift boosters previously unveiled by Mr. Bezos, including one version roughly half as powerful as the iconic Saturn V rockets that lifted Apollo astronauts to the moon, ultimately could emerge as rivals with powerful rockets already under development by fellow billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies Corp., or SpaceX. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is working on its own version of a deep-space booster and capsule. The initial test flight of SpaceX's long-delayed Falcon Heavy, which would become the world's most potent operational rocket, is scheduled for later this year. NASA's much larger booster, called SLS, is slated for its maiden flight in 2018. So far, Mr. Bezos has been less specific about timetables to demonstrate the reliability of his emerging heavy-lift rocket variant, called New Glenn, after the late astronaut and U.S. senator, John Glenn. Amazon's founder has been even less specific about a next-generation rocket on the drawing board, dubbed New Armstrong, in memory of the late astronaut Neil Armstrong, who was the first man to set foot on the Moon. That booster is intended for travel deep into the solar system. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Both self-described "space geeks" with ambitious visions of helping humans establish large-scale settlements beyond Earth in their lifetimes, Messrs. Bezos and Musk have jousted good-naturedly on social media in the past about competing to land the first spent booster vertically back on Earth. Mr. Bezos did it first after a suborbital mission, but Mr. Musk accomplished the feat by landing the main portion of a Falcon 9 rocket that delivered a payload into orbit. For the first time, Blue Origin in the next few days is expected to make public specific customers, according to industry officials. A series of announcements and postings on Twitter is slated to follow a separate flurry of news reports last week about Blue Origin's bid for NASA's support to ship experiments, cargo and other hardware to the moon with the aim of setting up a permanent settlement there. The proposal, which hasn't been acted on by the agency, was first reported by the Washington Post, which is controlled by Mr. Bezos. Last-minute shifts could change Blue Origin's plans for the coming days, and Mr. Bezos is renowned for teasing the media with broad concepts, often without providing subsequent details. He is scheduled to speak Tuesday morning in the prominent leadoff slot at an international satellite conference in Washington. The appearance also comes in the wake of Mr. Musk prompting headlines last week with a proposal to fly two fare-paying passengers on an automated trip around the moon by 2018. Traditional and startup U.S. space companies are maneuvering to take advantage of the principle of public-private partnerships to accelerate manned exploration favored by President Donald Trump's administration. With a few exceptions, Mr. Bezos has opted to run Blue Origin since its founding at the beginning of the last decade behind a strict veil of secrecy -- and without seeking substantial federal contracts or development funding. Last September, Mr. Bezos rocked the international aerospace community by disclosing that his New Glenn rocket would feature a cluster of seven main engines and stand more than 310 feet tall. If it flies by the end of the decade as intended, the largest version of the proposed booster could vie for commercial and military satellite launches with SpaceX, Europe's premier launch provider Arianespace and United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Boeing Co. (BA) and Lockheed Martin Corp. (LMT). Over the years, Mr. Bezos has stressed the importance of creating reusable technology able to slash transportation costs by operating much more frequently than today's rockets. He also has talked about his long-term vision of "millions of people living and working in space." Unlike Mr. Musk, who relishes making a steady stream of splashy announcements setting increasingly aggressive goals, Mr. Bezos remained virtually silent to outsiders until after Blue Origin pulled off its coup of successfully landing a New Shepard booster back at its West Texas launchpad in late 2015. The unmanned vehicle flew a suborbital test to 333,000 feet, reached nearly four times the speed of sound, and then both the capsule and its liquid-fueled rocket separately landed safely -- ready for another flight. At the time, Mr. Bezos projected commercial space-tourism flights could start "sometime in 2017." He also said "full reuse is a game changer" for access to space. In November 2016, when he disclosed plans for a series of larger rockets with substantially more thrust, Mr. Bezos issued a stark reminder of how different his approach is versus that of Mr. Musk. Noting "our mascot is the tortoise," Mr. Bezos said "deliberate and methodical wins the day, and you do things quickest by never skipping steps." Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Alts Equities Smart-Beta New ETFs ETF Ecosystem Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel 2017 Outlook Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → March → A Trump ETF Trade on Aerospace, Defense A Trump ETF Trade on Aerospace, Defense March 6, 2017 at 10:37 am by Brenton Garen Aerospace and defense stocks and exchange traded funds have been one of the ultimate “Trump trades” since Donald Trump won the November U.S. presidential election. Some analysts and market observers believe the group has more upside in store for investors. Although the aerospace and defense industry is perceived as being beholden to Uncle Sam’s whims, the allure of late-cycle sectors, including industrials, in a rising rate environment remains in place. Industrials perform well when interest rates rise because rising rates can go hand-in-hand with economic growth. However, the iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense ETF (NYSEArca: ITA), PowerShares Aerospace & Defense Portfolio (NYSEArca: PPA) and the SPDR S&P Aerospace & Defense ETF (NYSEArca: XAR) were stung earlier this year after Trump criticized the Pentagon’s profligate spending habits. “The major catalyst for the sector in the past few months had been Trump’s proposed commitment to increase defense spending, a point he reiterated in his speech to Congress on Tuesday night,” reports CNBC. “Trump’s call to move ahead with “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history” is exactly what leads Mark Tepper, founder of Strategic Wealth Partners, to bank on more room to run for defense stocks, even from a fundamental standpoint.” ITA is a cap-weighted ETF, meaning it has larger weights to big-name defense stocks, including Dow components Boeing (NYSE: BA) and United Technologies (NYSE: UTX). XAR is an equal-weight ETF. PPA holds 50 stocks “involved in the development, manufacturing, operations and support of US defense, homeland security and aerospace operations,” according to PowerShares. “This year alone, stocks like Boeing and Honeywell are up as much as 17 percent and 9 percent, respectively. But even among defense stocks that haven’t hit record highs, names like Northrop Grumman are up more than 25 percent just over the past year,” according to CNBC. Aerospace and defense stocks are part of the broader industrial sector and have been important drivers of the sector’s performance over the past year. In fact, aerospace and defense names have been industrial leaders. Over the past 12 months, ITA is ahead of the largest diversified industrial ETF by more than 1,100 basis points. For more information on the defense industry, visit our aerospace & defense category. You might also like: Political Risks Grip U.S. Stock ETFs Big Biotech Reaches Important Technical Juncture Mexico ETF Begins to Rebound Following Trump Punishment Municipal Bond ETFs – Maybe the Next ETF Monopoly Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Political Risks Grip U.S. Stock ETFs March 6, 2017 Equities Financial Advisors Look to Smart Beta ETFs to Manage Volatility March 6, 2017 Video A Way for Bond ETF Investors to Eliminate Rate Risk March 6, 2017 Fixed-Income An ETF Strategy to Survive the Trump Era of Uncertainty March 6, 2017 Smart-Beta The First Green Bond ETF for Sustainable Investment Projects March 6, 2017 New ETFs A Volatility-Reducing ETF Strategy Tapping Resurgent Developing World Stocks March 6, 2017 Smart-Beta Big Biotech Reaches Important Technical Juncture March 6, 2017 Equities Demand for Gold ETFs Increases Thanks to China, India March 6, 2017 Alts Political Risks Grip U.S. Stock ETFs March 6, 2017 Equities Financial Advisors Look to Smart Beta ETFs to Manage Volatility March 6, 2017 Video A Way for Bond ETF Investors to Eliminate Rate Risk March 6, 2017 Fixed-Income An ETF Strategy to Survive the Trump Era of Uncertainty March 6, 2017 Smart-Beta The First Green Bond ETF for Sustainable Investment Projects March 6, 2017 New ETFs ETF STRATEGIST CHANNEL Municipal Bond ETFs – Maybe the Next ETF Monopoly By TOPS ETF Portfolios A Differentiated ETF Approach to Managing Global Equities By AccuVest Markets Continue Favorable Reaction to Trump Regime By Nottingham Advisors US Banks: We See a Secular Turn, Not Cyclical (Trump) Bounce By Doug Sandler, Riverfront Investment Group About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT Articles Index Category Highlights ETF Education Central ETF Resume Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2017 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
Jump to Navigation Home Page Top Stories Opinion News Releases In Depth Links Video & Audio You are hereHome › Top Stories › Success Of Proposed Guam Wind Power Project In Doubt Submitted by admin on Mon, 08/24/2015 - 00:00 Utility Commission Chairman: Nothing done on 9.4 MW facility By Gaynor Dumat-ol Daleno HAGÃTÃA, Guam (Pacific Daily News, Aug. 23, 2015) – A proposed project to build a 9.4-megawatt wind power plant might fail to meet a goal to begin supplying power to Guam Power Authority in March next year, a utilities commission official said recently. Consolidated Commission on Utilities Chairman Joey Duenas said he doubts that a wind-powered power plant would work on the island at all. In 2013, Pacific Green Resources entered into an agreement with GPA to produce 9.4 megawatts of wind power and 5 megawatts of solar power and sell that energy to GPA. "They haven’t done anything yet, so I am not very optimistic," Duenas said. "I’m not very optimistic that they will produce power with wind within that time frame. I don’t know if they ever will." A management representative for Pacific Green Resources was unavailable for comment when the Pacific Daily News called. A staff member who answered said the person in charge wasn’t available. Duenas said two challenges make wind energy on Guam difficult to overcome. He said wind power generators need vast, open land to provide adequate space between each windmill. On this small island, commercial-scale wind power plants might be tough to pull off, he said. And for a utility-scale wind power plant to be viable, there must be steady flow of winds — ranging from 12 mph to 28 mph — for efficiency, he said. Earthquakes and typhoons also add to the obstacles of windmill projects on the island. "Guam is seismically active and is in the Pacific’s Typhoon Alley, so wind turbines must be engineered to resist both earthquakes and typhoon-force winds," a report on the U.S. Energy Information Administration website states. GPA has received a federal grant to build a test windmill at Windward Hills. That project is under construction. But while the test for wind viability will be conducted, Duenas said "we’re not every optimistic." GPA is required by local law to use renewable energy, such as solar or wind, for at least 5 percent of its energy source by the end of this year. The wind power plant project is to be privately built and funded. The investor would make its money back by selling power to GPA. Pacific Green also planned to build a 5.6-megawatt solar power plant, but the company sold that part of its contract with GPA to another investor. A subsidiary of Fortune 250 company NRG Energy has recently completed construction of a 25-megawatt solar power plant in Inarajan. That solar power plant NRG built, in a partnership that brought the technical expertise of aircraft maker Boeing, has begun providing test energy to GPA, and an official opening of the plant is scheduled for Oct. 7. Solar energy might be good for the environment but, with falling oil prices, GPA will end up paying more for solar power than heavy fuel oil. GPA’s agreement with NRG requires the agency to pay 19 cents per kwh of solar power during the first year of their 25-year agreement. Each year, that cost would increase by 1 cent for the next 24 years. Oil prices have been decreasing, and because of the oil price drop in July, GPA’s fuel cost translates to about 10 cents per kilowatt hour, Duenas said. "It is gong to be a negative; It is going to cost us money," Duenas said of solar power compared with recent fuel oil prices. GPA has invited bidders to submit another round of renewable energy project proposals, which would lead to the production of 40 megawatts of energy by one or multiple investors. Most, if not all, of the proposals submitted are for solar power, Duenas said. The names of the bidders haven’t been released because GPA and the prospective bidders are still negotiating. Rate this article:  Select ratingGive it 1/5Give it 2/5Give it 3/5Give it 4/5Give it 5/5 No votes yet Add new comment Your name Subject Comment * Fulltext search Featured Popular Latest Tonga Prime Minister Survives Vote Of No-Confidence Today News - 0 comment(s) Motion Of No-Confidence Against Tonga Prime Minister Tabled In Parliament Today News - 0 comment(s) CNMI Representative Disappointed With U.S. Congressional Visit Today News - 0 comment(s) French Polynesia Government Hopes To Sign Papeete Accord Before French President Term Ends Today News - 0 comment(s) MIYAZAKI PALM DECLARATION Today News - 0 comment(s) Guam Governor Delivers State Of The Islands Address Today News - 0 comment(s) Tonga Prime Minister Dumps Minister Of Finance And National Planning Today News - 0 comment(s) Fiji's Nadi Airport Upgrades Recognized For Environmental Friendliness Today News - 0 comment(s) Tonga Prime Minister Dumps Minister Of Finance And National Planning Today News - 11 hours 2 min ago Rakiraki Town In Fiji Shut Down Due To Flooding Today News - 11 hours 6 min ago Canon Lawyer Says Vatican Tribunal May Have Hard Time Reaching Decision On Guam Abuse Today News - 11 hours 10 min ago Long-Delayed Rabaul Queen Ferry Disaster Trial To Get Underway In PNG Today News - 11 hours 15 min ago Supporter Support PIR The Matson Foundation Center for Pacific Islands Studies An East-West Center Project US-South Pacific Scholarship Program Opportunities For Study/Training Jump back to navigation Last Viewed NEW CALEDONIA NEWS Today News - last view [timestamp] BOUGAINVILLE'S KABUI TALKS ABOUT PEACE Today News - last view [timestamp] PACIFIC'S "COCONUT WIRELESS" GOING ON-LINE, AND RADICAL Today News - last view [timestamp] CASINO FOR FIJI'S DENARAU ISLAND POSSIBLE Today News - last view [timestamp] Pacific Islands Report is a nonprofit news publication of the Pacific Islands Development Program at the East-West Center in Honolulu, Hawai‘i. Offered as a free service to readers, PIR provides an edited digest of news, commentary and analysis from across the Pacific Islands region, Monday - Friday. Follow Us Subscribe to our RSS Feed Follow us on Twitter Be a fan on Facebook PIDP videos on Vimeo Pacific Island Report Sign Up Email Address * Copyright © 2017 Pacific Islands Development Program, East-West Center | PIR Editing Notes | About Us | Privacy Policy Address: 1601 East-West Road – Honolulu, Hawai‘i, 96848, USA. | Phone: 808.944.7111. | Email: pidp@eastwestcenter.org
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Professor Stephen Hawking awarded Honorary Freedom of the City of London Previous recipients of rare honour include world wide web inventor Sir Tim Berners-Lee and Archbishop Desmond Tutu Ben Chapman Monday 6 March 2017 14:00 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Professor Hawking is most famous for his book A Brief History of Time and his work on schemes like the $100m Starshot interstellar travel project Getty Images for Breakthrough Pr Professor Stephen Hawking will be awarded Honorary Freedom of the City of London on Monday - the highest honour that the City can bestow. In honour of his outstanding contribution to theoretical physics Professor Hawking, who has previously turned down a knighthood, will be presented with an illuminated Freedom scroll by Dr Peter Kane, chamberlain of London.  During the ceremony at the Guildhall the physicist will deliver a keynote speech to an audience which will include Lord Mayor Andrew Parmley. Read more This is ‘the most dangerous time for our planet’ according to Hawking In February, when the City first announced the honour, Hawking said: “I am very pleased to have been granted the Honorary Freedom of the City of London and I would like to thank Lord Mayor Andrew Parmley and the City of London Corporation for this special award. I am looking forward to the ceremony in March, and to learning more about the unique traditions behind the granting of this honour.” The Lord Mayor said added: “There are few people on the world stage, and not just in the field of science, who are as respected, revered and admired as Professor Stephen Hawking. Read more Stephen Hawking released from hospital Stephen Hawking hospitalised in Rome Stephen Hawking: 'We are at most dangerous moment in humanity' “He has educated and informed generations of people around the world, while continuing to push forward the boundaries of academia. He has achieved all this with courage, determination and humour, while facing the huge challenges of living with motor neurone disease. “Over the course of a 50-year academic career, Professor Hawking’s achievements have been truly remarkable and it will be an absolute privilege to meet him at Guildhall and witness the award of his Honorary Freedom.” Professor Hawking will join an esteemed list of people to have been awarded thr City of London’s highest award. Recipients include world wide web inventor Sir Tim Berners-Lee and Archbishop Desmond Tutu. Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 2/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 3/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 4/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 5/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 6/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 7/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 8/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 9/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 10/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 11/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 12/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 13/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 14/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 15/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 16/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 17/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 18/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 19/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 20/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 21/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 22/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 23/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 24/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 25/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 26/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 27/35 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 28/35 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 29/35 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 30/35 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 31/35 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 32/35 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 33/35 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 34/35 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 35/35 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex Most famous for his book A Brief History of Time and his work on schemes like the $100m Starshot interstellar travel project, Professor Hawking is also known for his wry sense of humour.  At the launch of the Starshot project, designed to send a craft to our nearest stellar neighbours and perhaps send back images of habitable planets, he was asked what intelligent life might look like on other worlds. In a jab at the Presidential candidate Donald Trump, Professor Hawking quipped, “Judging from the election campaign, definitely not like us.” More about: Stephen Hawking City of London Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset: One of the co-CEOs needs to go after their merger Most companies eschew co-ceos for the simple reason that it's a bad idea, and if they're going to demand people lower down re-interview for their jobs, the people at the top should set an example James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Monday 6 March 2017 13:48 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Sailing into choppy waters: Aberdeen Asset Management and Standard Life will have two CEOs after their merger LLOYD IMAGES The first duplicate role to be axed when big companies like Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management get together should be one of the chief executives.  For a start, if they’re not the highest paid employee they’ll almost certainly be close to it. Jettisoning one of them gets the cost savings shareholders are usually promised off to a good start.  Moreover, if you plan to tell people lower down the corporate ladder that they’re going to have to re-apply for jobs they’ve been doing well in competition with someone from the other side, the people at the top need to set an example.  Read more Standard Life and Aberdeen shares soar after £3.8bn merger deal History will also show that on those rare occasions where this doesn’t happen, disaster often follows.  Chief executives like Martin Gilbert at Aberdeen and Keith Skeoch at Standard Life, typically have big egos, a lofty estimation of their own worth when set against other mere mortals, and rather clear views on they way things should be done at the companies they run. They also get used to people saying “that’s a brilliant idea”  in response to their every pronouncement. Their underlings know their careers will be a lot more fruitful if they do that.  Despite the smiles, public expressions of amity and pledges to work together in the newly merged company’s best interests, one plus one rarely equals two. It more commonly results in head butting, back stabbing and simmering internal warfare as the loyal soldiers from each side form up behind their man.  Read more Standard Life and Aberdeen shares soar after £3.8bn merger deal Standard Life chairman wades in against Brexit Even Superman Skeoch will struggle with his dual role at Standard Life The phenomenon of staff being seen as a company X person or a company Y person often persists for years after big mergers, even when the two sides have settled upon a single boss. It is that much harder to deal with when they can’t agree upon which CEO  should stay and which should go at the outset.  The strong performance of the two companies' shares tells you that there is a fairly compelling business case for the deal between Standard and Aberdeen, an all share affair that will see Standard’s investors getting two thirds of the merged company and Aberdeen’s the rest. Money management favours either giants or boutiques. Life has been getting increasing tough for those in the middle. Combining these two, which have both been suffering net outflows of funds, will create a behemoth with £660bn under management.  Beyond their common Scottish roots, they favour stock picking, as opposed to tracking stock market indices, and getting together will give them the clout to square up to America’s big fund managers, and perhaps to pursue further deals. But much will now depend on the two men at the top, who have been very closely linked to the successes of their respective businesses, and have substantial personal as well as financial stakes in them, playing nicely together.  Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 2/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 3/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 4/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 5/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 6/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 7/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 8/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 9/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 10/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 11/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 12/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 13/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 14/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 15/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 16/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 17/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 18/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 19/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 20/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 21/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 22/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 23/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 24/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 25/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 26/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 27/35 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 28/35 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 29/35 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 30/35 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 31/35 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 32/35 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 33/35 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 34/35 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 35/35 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex Having two chief executives doesn’t violate any governance code, and the merged company will have an experienced non executive chairman in the form of Standard Life chairman Sir Gerry Grimstone (Aberdeen's chairman Simon Troughton will be his deputy) to serve as referee. However, while financial services outfits occasionally do it, there is a reason most companies opt not to have two chief executives working together from adjacent offices at their corporate centres. It is because it's a bad idea, even if in this case, with both men in their sixties, they might not hang around for long after the integration is complete.  In fact, I would imagine that if companies in which they hold shares were to suggest having co-ceos while trying to sell a merger to either Standard Life or Aberdeen Asset fund mangers, they’d be given short shrift. And no wonder.  More about: Standard Life Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset: One of the co-CEOs needs to go after their merger Most companies eschew co-ceos for the simple reason that it's a bad idea, and if they're going to demand people lower down re-interview for their jobs, the people at the top should set an example James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Monday 6 March 2017 13:48 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Sailing into choppy waters: Aberdeen Asset Management and Standard Life will have two CEOs after their merger LLOYD IMAGES The first duplicate role to be axed when big companies like Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management get together should be one of the chief executives.  For a start, if they’re not the highest paid employee they’ll almost certainly be close to it. Jettisoning one of them gets the cost savings shareholders are usually promised off to a good start.  Moreover, if you plan to tell people lower down the corporate ladder that they’re going to have to re-apply for jobs they’ve been doing well in competition with someone from the other side, the people at the top need to set an example.  Read more Standard Life and Aberdeen shares soar after £3.8bn merger deal History will also show that on those rare occasions where this doesn’t happen, disaster often follows.  Chief executives like Martin Gilbert at Aberdeen and Keith Skeoch at Standard Life, typically have big egos, a lofty estimation of their own worth when set against other mere mortals, and rather clear views on they way things should be done at the companies they run. They also get used to people saying “that’s a brilliant idea”  in response to their every pronouncement. Their underlings know their careers will be a lot more fruitful if they do that.  Despite the smiles, public expressions of amity and pledges to work together in the newly merged company’s best interests, one plus one rarely equals two. It more commonly results in head butting, back stabbing and simmering internal warfare as the loyal soldiers from each side form up behind their man.  Read more Standard Life and Aberdeen shares soar after £3.8bn merger deal Standard Life chairman wades in against Brexit Even Superman Skeoch will struggle with his dual role at Standard Life The phenomenon of staff being seen as a company X person or a company Y person often persists for years after big mergers, even when the two sides have settled upon a single boss. It is that much harder to deal with when they can’t agree upon which CEO  should stay and which should go at the outset.  The strong performance of the two companies' shares tells you that there is a fairly compelling business case for the deal between Standard and Aberdeen, an all share affair that will see Standard’s investors getting two thirds of the merged company and Aberdeen’s the rest. Money management favours either giants or boutiques. Life has been getting increasing tough for those in the middle. Combining these two, which have both been suffering net outflows of funds, will create a behemoth with £660bn under management.  Beyond their common Scottish roots, they favour stock picking, as opposed to tracking stock market indices, and getting together will give them the clout to square up to America’s big fund managers, and perhaps to pursue further deals. But much will now depend on the two men at the top, who have been very closely linked to the successes of their respective businesses, and have substantial personal as well as financial stakes in them, playing nicely together.  Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 2/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 3/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 4/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 5/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 6/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 7/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 8/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 9/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 10/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 11/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 12/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 13/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 14/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 15/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 16/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 17/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 18/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 19/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 20/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 21/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 22/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 23/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 24/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 25/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 26/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 27/35 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 28/35 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 29/35 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 30/35 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 31/35 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 32/35 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 33/35 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 34/35 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 35/35 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex Having two chief executives doesn’t violate any governance code, and the merged company will have an experienced non executive chairman in the form of Standard Life chairman Sir Gerry Grimstone (Aberdeen's chairman Simon Troughton will be his deputy) to serve as referee. However, while financial services outfits occasionally do it, there is a reason most companies opt not to have two chief executives working together from adjacent offices at their corporate centres. It is because it's a bad idea, even if in this case, with both men in their sixties, they might not hang around for long after the integration is complete.  In fact, I would imagine that if companies in which they hold shares were to suggest having co-ceos while trying to sell a merger to either Standard Life or Aberdeen Asset fund mangers, they’d be given short shrift. And no wonder.  More about: Standard Life Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 4 hrs 57 mins S&P Futures 2,372.25 -3.25 (-0.14%) Dow Futures 20,939.00 -18.00 (-0.09%) Nasdaq Futures 5,355.50 -5.50 (-0.10%) Jeff Bezos Expected to Unveil Further Plans for Private Space Exploration Andy Pasztor The Wall Street JournalMarch 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The burgeoning space-transportation company owned by Amazon.com Inc. chairman Jeff Bezos this week is expected to announce some customers and new initiatives, the latest step toward its long-term goal of building rockets powerful enough to penetrate deep into the solar system, according to industry officials. The moves by the typically secretive Mr. Bezos, these officials said, are anticipated to disclose further details about Blue Origin LLC’s strategy to create a family of reusable rockets initially intended to take tourists on suborbital voyages, and then propel spacecraft into Earth’s orbit and eventually blast both manned and robotic missions to the Moon and various planets. Plans for heavy-lift boosters previously unveiled by Mr. Bezos, including one version roughly half as powerful as the iconic Saturn V rockets that lifted Apollo astronauts to the moon, ultimately could emerge as rivals with powerful rockets already under development by fellow billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk’s Space Exploration Technologies Corp., or SpaceX. Bloomberg News Jeff Bezos, left, founder of Blue Origin, speaks during a space symposium in Colorado Springs, Colo., in April 2016. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is working on its own version of a deep-space booster and capsule. The initial test flight of SpaceX’s long-delayed Falcon Heavy, which would become the world’s most potent operational rocket, is scheduled for later this year. NASA’s much larger booster, called SLS, is slated for its maiden flight in 2018. So far, Mr. Bezos has been less specific about timetables to demonstrate the reliability of his emerging heavy-lift rocket variant, called New Glenn, after the late astronaut and U.S. senator, John Glenn. Amazon’s founder has been even less specific about a next-generation rocket on the drawing board, dubbed New Armstrong, in memory of the late astronaut Neil Armstrong, who was the first man to set foot on the Moon. That booster is intended for travel deep into the solar system. Both self-described “space geeks” with ambitious visions of helping humans establish large-scale settlements beyond Earth in their lifetimes, Messrs. Bezos and Musk have jousted good-naturedly on social media in the past about competing to land the first spent booster vertically back on Earth. Mr. Bezos did it first after a suborbital mission, but Mr. Musk accomplished the feat by landing the main portion of a Falcon 9 rocket that delivered a payload into orbit. For the first time, Blue Origin in the next few days is expected to make public specific customers, according to industry officials. A series of announcements and postings on Twitter is slated to follow a separate flurry of news reports last week about Blue Origin’s bid for NASA’s support to ship experiments, cargo and other hardware to the moon with the aim of setting up a permanent settlement there. The proposal, which hasn’t been acted on by the agency, was first reported by the Washington Post, which is controlled by Mr. Bezos. Last-minute shifts could change Blue Origin’s plans for the coming days, and Mr. Bezos is renowned for teasing the media with broad concepts, often without providing subsequent details. He is scheduled to speak Tuesday morning in the prominent leadoff slot at an international satellite conference in Washington. The appearance also comes in the wake of Mr. Musk prompting headlines last week with a proposal to fly two fare-paying passengers on an automated trip around the moon by 2018. Traditional and startup U.S. space companies are maneuvering to take advantage of the principle of public-private partnerships to accelerate manned exploration favored by President Donald Trump’s administration. With a few exceptions, Mr. Bezos has opted to run Blue Origin since its founding at the beginning of the last decade behind a strict veil of secrecy—and without seeking substantial federal contracts or development funding. Last September, Mr. Bezos rocked the international aerospace community by disclosing that his New Glenn rocket would feature a cluster of seven main engines and stand more than 310 feet tall. If it flies by the end of the decade as intended, the largest version of the proposed booster could vie for commercial and military satellite launches with SpaceX, Europe’s premier launch provider Arianespace and United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp. Read More Over the years, Mr. Bezos has stressed the importance of creating reusable technology able to slash transportation costs by operating much more frequently than today’s rockets. He also has talked about his long-term vision of “millions of people living and working in space.” Unlike Mr. Musk, who relishes making a steady stream of splashy announcements setting increasingly aggressive goals, Mr. Bezos remained virtually silent to outsiders until after Blue Origin pulled off its coup of successfully landing a New Shepard booster back at its West Texas launchpad in late 2015. The unmanned vehicle flew a suborbital test to 333,000 feet, reached nearly four times the speed of sound, and then both the capsule and its liquid-fueled rocket separately landed safely—ready for another flight. At the time, Mr. Bezos projected commercial space-tourism flights could start “sometime in 2017.” He also said “full reuse is a game changer” for access to space. In November 2016, when he disclosed plans for a series of larger rockets with substantially more thrust, Mr. Bezos issued a stark reminder of how different his approach is versus that of Mr. Musk. Noting “our mascot is the tortoise,” Mr. Bezos said “deliberate and methodical wins the day, and you do things quickest by never skipping steps.” Write to Andy Pasztor at andy.pasztor@wsj.com More From The Wall Street Journal Cities See a 'Bright Flight' http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324328904578624031829252000.html How to Win a Real-Estate Bidding War Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Here's who we think will fly to the moon with SpaceX Mashable Most Profitable Investment of All Time CrowdabilitySponsored Amazon Wants to Deliver to the Moon Esquire Jeff Bezos shows off Blue Origin’s new rocket engine, fully assembled for the first time The Verge Here Is Everything That Can Go Wrong With Tesla. Musk Signed It Forbes Apple's Nightmare Begins, and Investors Are Happy Wealth DailySponsored Where Is Tesla’s Model 3 Beta Prototype? Oilprice.com People hadn't set foot in this ancient 'lost city' in the Honduran jungle for 500 years — until now Business Insider Donald Trump was seething with rage, says friend who talked to him twice this weekend CNBC Missing Wall Street Legend Releases Peculiar Video Banyan HillSponsored AP FACT CHECK: Trump praises Exxon and himself for 2013 plan Associated Press Myles Udland Lookahead 3/7 Yahoo Finance Video This robot knows when it screws up by reading your mind Yahoo Finance Data Storage Is Hot, Making 1 Stock A No-Brainer The Money StreetSponsored 17 Reasons the IRS Will Audit Your Tax Return Kiplinger Nintendo confirmed a new Switch ‘feature’ that has some gamers furious BGR News WH spokeswoman doesn't think Trump accepts FBI's reported denial of alleged wiretapping jane: Once again Trump believing ALT Right conspiracies. The scary part is we have a person with the power to destroy all life on Earth living acting deranged. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 5.3k
Our products News terminal Oil and gas Banking analytics OUR PRODUCTS NEWS TERMINAL READ MORE ORDER NOW Access to a large news base since 2006 News selected on topics and regions - oil and gas, business, politics, IT, the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region, Central Asia No banner advertising BANKING ANALYTICS READ MORE ORDER NOW Ranking of the Azerbaijani banking sector (ranking includes the information component of the banking sector, the main events of the world economy, the analytical review of the main indices of the banks which are being ranked) DAILY NEWS READ MORE ORDER NOW Latest news about the economy, politics, energy in the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region and Central Asia The news is sent to your e-mail daily OIL & GAS READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in the oil and gas sector Announcement of the beginning of construction work in the energy sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector News of the world companies in the field of oil and gas ENERGY PROJECTS REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Status of Azerbaijani offshore oil and gas projects Export of oil and oil products from Azerbaijan with indication of the route Information about the prices on oil and oil products in the country and abroad WEEKLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW Economic review of all sectors of the Azerbaijani economy Last week review Laws, orders and decrees in Azerbaijan for the week Tenders in the region for the week MONTHLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW General economic situation in Azerbaijan Prices and situation on Azerbaijan’s consumer market Investments in Azerbaijani economy IT sector of Azerbaijan Foreign trade of Azerbaijan BUILDING & LOGISTICS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW All news about construction sectors of Azerbaijan, Caucasus and Central Asia Statistics on cargo transportation Joint projects with international financial institutions for development of transport infrastructure of the regional countries IRAN ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in Iran’s oil and gas sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector New agreements and contracts on cooperation IRAN REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Iran's foreign trade Iran’s macroeconomic indices Indices of foreign economic activity Situation in Iran’s banking sector CENTRAL ASIA ECONOMIC OUTLOOK READ MORE ORDER NOW Macroeconomic indices of the region News about the transport sector Foreign economic activity News about construction and tenders CENTRAL ASIA ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Oil and gas sector in Central Asian countries Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector TENDER WEEKLY REPORT READ MORE ORDER NOW Information about tenders announced in Azerbaijan, Iran and Central Asia during a week. ORDER TRIAL VERSION CONTACT US E-MAIL: sales@trend.az PHONE: +994 50 669-48-84 CONTACT PERSON: Azad Abdulrahimzade RU AZ EN TR FA Login Sign up Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Home Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kyrgyz president supports initiative to dissolve Parliament 6 March 2017 15:29 (UTC+04:00) 0 0 Baku, Azerbaijan, Mar. 6 By Elena Kosolapova – Trend: Kyrgyz President Almazbek Atambayev supported the initiative to dissolve the Parliament, the presidential press service said Mar. 6. The news comes after head of the Onuguu-Progress parliamentary faction, Bakyt Torobayev called on his colleagues last week to dissolve the Parliament if it is not capable of solving problems. Torobayev made the proposal at a Parliament meeting which discussed the issues of corruption and fraud. According to the presidential press service, President Atambayev, speaking at a ceremony of presenting state awards, said some parliament members allege that the Boeing plane, which crashed near Bishkek in mid-January killing about 40, was carrying some cargo owned by him and that he has millions-worth of offshore property in Cyprus. “These are just rumors and attempts to blacken my name… The parliament has evolved from a legislative body into a body which disseminates rumors… Maybe, indeed, you will support Torobaev and dissolve [the parliament], otherwise respect the law and work for the people’s welfare,” Atambayev said. Follow the author on Twitter: @E_Kosolapova Tags: Almazbek Atambayev Kyrgyzstan Related news Kyrgyzstan’s non-accession to clauses of ECO Summit declaration surprising Politics 4 March 12:47 Kyrgyzstan’s position at ECO summit incomprehensible: Hajiyev Politics 3 March 16:14 Russia can close base in Kyrgyzstan, if Bishkek requests: Putin Kyrgyzstan 28 February 19:49 Gazprom to invest in gas transportation system in Kyrgyzstan Kyrgyzstan 28 February 18:00 Russia to support Kyrgyzstan in integration into EAEU Kyrgyzstan 28 February 17:18 Kyrgyz politicians announce plans to run for president Kyrgyzstan 10 February 12:01 Kyrgyzstan, EU plan to sign new co-op agreement Kyrgyzstan 9 February 16:16 Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan plan to resume train connection Kyrgyzstan 25 January 11:21 EBRD inks first deals for Central Asia’s uranium mining legacy Kyrgyzstan 24 January 11:27 Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan jolted by quake Uzbekistan 23 January 17:25 Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan mull border delimitation, demarcation Uzbekistan 17 January 11:05 Ilham Aliyev offers condolences to Kyrgyz president Politics 16 January 15:05 Bishkek plane crash death toll reaches 37 (UPDATING) (PHOTO/VIDEO) Kyrgyzstan 16 January 10:23 Kyrgyz Prime Minister arrives at crash site of Turkish plane Kyrgyzstan 16 January 08:42 Kyrgyz government members left for plane crash site Kyrgyzstan 16 January 08:30 Kyrgyz president leaves for China Kyrgyzstan 5 January 17:22 Russia ratifies agreement on oil supply to Kyrgyzstan Kyrgyzstan 29 December 2016 15:50 Kyrgyzstan backs Iran’s joining SCO Politics 23 December 2016 14:38 Most popular President Aliyev meets Iran’s Supreme Leader (PHOTO) President Hassan Rouhani hosts official dinner party for President Ilham Aliyev Ilham Aliyev appreciates Iran's position on Karabakh conflict’s settlement Iran-Azerbaijan closeness cannot be found elsewhere Commentary Californication: How Armenian-backed politicians damage US interests North-South corridor building “muscles” Top official: Tehran-Baku ties rise to strategic levels (exclusive) About Our Team Partners Our products Info Service News archive Contacts 14, Bakhtiyar Vahabzade, Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1141 +(994 12) 497-31-72 agency@trend.az +(994 12) 497-30-89 © 2017 Trend News Agency Terms of use
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Opinion: Now there’s a way to invest and save democracy at the same time By Michael Brush Published: Mar 6, 2017 5:11 a.m. ET Share Companies with high scores on ‘sustainable democracy’ tend to outperform the broader market, studies suggest Getty Images Demonstrators in 2015 march outside the White House to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce during a rally against the Supreme Court's decision in favor of Citizens United. That ruling allows private citizens and corporations to make unlimited donations for political campaigns. By MichaelBrush Columnist Thanks to millennials, socially responsible investing is now a big deal. Investment funds dedicated to sustainable investing rose 33% during 2014-16 to $8.72 trillion, says the Forum for Sustainable and Responsible Investment. Millennials no doubt played a big role in this. More than 70% of them say they favor sustainable investing, according to Morgan Stanley. It’s a trait they picked up from their baby-boomer parents. This is all well and good, but many sustainable investing devotees, young and old, have a blind spot that needs fixing. Blame it on the so-called “experts” in the industry. They make a big deal of avoiding fossil fuel companies and polluters. The environment isn’t the only thing that needs minding. We also need a sustainable democracy. Without that, it doesn’t matter how clean the environment is. Life could get ugly. And make no mistake, sustainable democracy is at risk. No, this isn’t another Donald Trump rant. Democracy was precarious before he came into office. A key turning point was in 2010, when the Supreme Court ruled against government restrictions on corporate political spending in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission. Since companies have deep pockets, their interests may trample those of average voters. In short, it’s hard to say which did more harm, Citizens United or the Gulf oil spill, as baby boomer Jackson Browne wrote in his song “The Long Way Around.” Whatever you think about Citizens United, it’s not going away soon. The best thing to do now is to learn how to contain the potential damage. For socially responsible investors, this means favoring companies with these three traits in the arena of campaign contributions: • Political spending transparency • Policies governing how they donate • Strong board oversight of managements’ campaign contributions Above all, these qualities help shareholders understand how companies are contributing to politicians. If investors disagree, they can sell their shares or challenge boards of directors and management. Openness and board oversight help prevent managers from secretly going rogue with campaign contributions that work against shareholder values. All of this seems fairly obvious. So it’s odd that the “sustainable investing” experts often put little emphasis on investing in sustainable democracy. A list of “sustainable investing” themes from Arabesque Asset Management, which you can find in this note, appears comprehensive. It includes 30 topics of interest — everything from carbon emissions and community relations, to diversity and CEO pay. What about political campaign contributions and investing in sustainable democracy? Nowhere to be seen. In a way, this isn’t surprising, since definitions of “sustainable” investing are all over the map. Center for Political Accountability The first stop for investors wanting to invest in sustainable democracy is the Center for Political Accountability (CPA) website. CPA examines the websites of S&P 500 SPX, -0.33%   companies to gauge whether they have 24 qualities that CPA says companies need in the realm of campaign contributions. The big picture is that CPA is looking for the three qualities I mentioned above: transparency, policy and board oversight. CPA then ranks S&P 500 companies on a scale of 0-100. You can find a spreadsheet with rankings here. This ranking serves two purposes: • It tells you as an investor which companies are “doing the right thing.” It’s a handy guide to investing in sustainable democracy. • The rating system also pressures companies to change their ways if they aren’t up to snuff. “It is pushing companies to more broadly disclose their political spending and political spending policies, where no disclosure is required by law,” says Bruce Freed, CPA’s president and founder. “There are a growing number of companies that take our index seriously that are looking to strengthen the way they oversee and disclose political spending.” Sustainable performance A big question for investors is whether sustainable investing hurts performance. One theory says it should help. Consider companies that are more “responsible” because they are more transparent and they take the long view on matters like the environment. They may also naturally make wiser long-term business decisions and attract more customers because of good will. Research results vary. Arabesque Asset Management claims 80% of academic studies found the stocks of companies with “good sustainability practices” outperform other stocks. Morningstar thinks social impact funds gained about 5% annually in the past 10 years, lagging behind other funds by about a percentage point a year. Morgan Stanley seems to be in the middle, concluding in this note that sustainable investments have “usually met, and often exceeded, the performance of comparable traditional investments.” I think investing in a sustainable democracy may well give you an edge, for two reasons. 1. Better governance I had a hunch that companies ranking high in CPA’s system also have solid corporate governance, which can work in your favor as an investor. So I asked Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) to help check. ISS assigns companies a corporate governance rating, called ISS QualityScore, based on four factors: board structure and independence, executive pay policies, shareholder rights, and audit and risk oversight. Here’s what we found. The top 48 ranked companies in CPA’s system (those with a score of 90% or higher) had a median corporate governance risk rating of 4 on the ISS 1-10 scale, where a lower score is better. The bottom 48 companies, which all got a 0% rating from CPA, had a median ISS rating of 7.5. (A higher ISS score is worse.) This makes sense, because companies that are generally more open and transparent with shareholders tend to get better governance scores, says John Roe, head of ISS Analytics. But he also cautions the sample size is too small to draw definitive conclusions on whether CPA scores are a proxy for governance scores. 2. Better results To test how you’d do if you used CPA’s system as a sustainable democracy investment guide, I looked at how well CPA’s top 48 companies did against the Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF RSP, -0.45%   I chose this ETF because I used a simple equal weighting of the companies, so this ETF is the fairest comparison. (In contrast, the S&P 500 Index that most people track uses a market-cap weighted system. This means that smaller companies have a smaller impact on overall index returns.) The results are remarkable. CPA’s top 48 stocks beat the market by 7 percentage points over the past three years. From the start of 2011 through Feb. 21 of this year, CPA’s stocks returned 41.5% compared with 34.3% for the Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF. (For reference, the market-cap-weighted S&P 500 Index did a little better. It advanced 36.1%. But the CPA stocks still beat that.) All returns include dividends. One pushback on my performance test might be that the CPA’s list of top-ranked companies may have over-represented companies in sectors that just happened to do well during that time frame. So I looked at a different time frame, the past five years. The results were even better. CPA’s top 48 stocks beat the market by 20 percentage points. They advanced 133.3% vs. 113.3% for the Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (and 108.9% for the market-cap-weighted S&P 500 Index). Some of the best-performing stocks in this group, in either time frame, included: Bank of America Corp. BAC, -0.75% Morgan Stanley MS, -0.56% J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.95% Visa Inc. V, +0.17% Altria Group Inc. MO, +0.01% Time Warner Inc. TWX, -0.65% Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +0.03% Boeing Co. BA, -0.69% Becton Dickinson & Co. BDX, -0.11% Celgene Corp. CELG, -0.11% Edwards Lifesciences Corp. EW, -2.69%  and Tesoro Corp. TSO, +1.14% Some of the weaker performers included: International Business Machines Corp. IBM, +0.23% Coca-Cola Co. KO, -0.71% Qualcomm Inc. QCOM, +0.02% Praxair Inc. PX, +0.11% Schlumberger Ltd. SLB, +0.02% Gilead Sciences Inc. GILD, -0.88% Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. BMY, -0.51% Express Scripts Holding Co. ESRX, -2.14% Noble Energy Inc. NBL, +0.27%  and Exelon Corp. EXC, -0.69% Before you conclude that my mini-study proves you can “do well by doing right,” as the cliché goes, a few qualifiers are in order. Statisticians would point out that there’s no attempt to tease out what caused the performance difference. Correlation does not equal causation. The sample size is small. And there are only two time frames. Plus, my test for outperformance against a rising market might be the wrong way to look at this. Here’s what I mean. Let’s assume I’m right that CPA scores are a way to measure corporate governance. The nuance here is that quality corporate governance is really better at suggesting possible protection against downside risk, as opposed to outperformance, says Roe, the head of ISS Analytics. Give a little Even if investing in sustainable democracy didn’t help you outperform the market, does this really matter? After all, if socially responsible investing is about putting money into the stocks of companies that share your values, then maybe it’s OK to give up some gains in the process. People give up money and time whenever they donate to charities or volunteer. There is a cost to those activities. But it’s offset by the benefit of knowing you might be improving the world. Why should investing be any different? A lot of millennials seem to agree with this. Over half of them in the Morgan Stanley study I cited above said they get it that sustainable investing may involve some trade-off in financial gain — yet they are some of the biggest fans of this style of investing. At the time of publication, Michael Brush had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. Brush has suggested BAC, JPM, CELG,KO, GILD and BMY in his stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group, and he attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. More from MarketWatch Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Trump supporters are the buyers driving the stock market’s record run Schumer’s Demand: ‘Special’ or ‘Independent’ Counsel Quote References SPX -7.81 -0.33% RSP -0.41 -0.45% BAC -0.19 -0.75% MS -0.26 -0.56% JPM -0.88 -0.95% V +0.15 +0.17% MO +0.01 +0.01% TWX -0.64 -0.65% MSFT +0.02 +0.03% BA -1.25 -0.69% BDX -0.20 -0.11% CELG -0.14 -0.11% EW -2.49 -2.69% TSO +0.95 +1.14% IBM +0.42 +0.23% KO -0.30 -0.71% QCOM +0.01 +0.02% PX +0.13 +0.11% SLB +0.02 +0.02% GILD -0.62 -0.88% BMY -0.29 -0.51% ESRX -1.53 -2.14% NBL +0.10 +0.27% EXC -0.25 -0.69% Show all references Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles How wearable technology can transform health care Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.6% 30 yr fixed 4.09% 15 yr fixed 3.21% 10 yr fixed 3.07% 30 yr fixed refi 4.11% 15 yr fixed refi 3.23% 5/1 ARM 3.25% 5/1 ARM refi 3.34% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.71% $50K HELOC 4.69% $75K HELOC 4.69% $100K HELOC 4.42% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.7% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.28% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.25% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.15% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.25% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.6% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.2% 48 Mo Used Car 3.19% 36 Mo Used Car 3.41% 72 Mo New Car 3.26% 60 Mo New Car 3.41% 48 Mo New Car 3.31% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.8% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.36% 12.36% 11.98% Business 13.41% 13.41% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.76% 14.76% 14.39% Airline 15.40% 15.40% 15.13% Reward 15.57% 15.57% 15.30% Cash Back 15.61% 15.61% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.09% 18.09% 18.04% Bad Credit 23.01% 23.01% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,375.31 -7.81 (-0.33%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,375 High 2,379 Low 2,368 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: RSP $91.25 -0.41 (-0.45%) Volume 512.1K Open $91.29 High $91.52 Low $91.01 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.65 Market Cap N/A Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $25.25 -0.19 (-0.75%) Volume 75.2M Open $25.33 High $25.35 Low $25.08 P/E Ratio 18.3 Div Yield 1.19 Market Cap 255.0B Morgan Stanley U.S.: NYSE: MS $46.57 -0.26 (-0.56%) Volume 9.3M Open $46.53 High $46.64 Low $45.98 P/E Ratio 15.95 Div Yield 1.72 Market Cap 87.4B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $91.92 -0.88 (-0.95%) Volume 15.0M Open $92.25 High $92.32 Low $91.10 P/E Ratio 14.85 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 331.5B VISA Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: V $88.94 +0.15 (+0.17%) Volume 7.0M Open $88.53 High $89.27 Low $88.27 P/E Ratio 35.91 Div Yield 0.74 Market Cap 206.5B Altria Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MO $75.58 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 5.6M Open $75.55 High $75.61 Low $74.96 P/E Ratio 10.37 Div Yield 3.23 Market Cap 146.6B Time Warner Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWX $98.09 -0.64 (-0.65%) Volume 3.4M Open $98.31 High $98.58 Low $97.97 P/E Ratio 19.88 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 76.4B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $64.27 +0.02 (+0.03%) Volume 17.0M Open $63.97 High $64.56 Low $63.81 P/E Ratio 30.32 Div Yield 2.43 Market Cap 496.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $180.93 -1.25 (-0.69%) Volume 4.2M Open $181.40 High $182.30 Low $180.43 P/E Ratio 23.65 Div Yield 3.14 Market Cap 111.6B Becton Dickinson & Co. U.S.: NYSE: BDX $184.49 -0.20 (-0.11%) Volume 799.7K Open $183.72 High $184.92 Low $183.22 P/E Ratio 30.62 Div Yield 1.58 Market Cap 39.3B Celgene Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: CELG $123.52 -0.14 (-0.11%) Volume 2.7M Open $123.45 High $124.02 Low $122.50 P/E Ratio 49.81 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 96.2B Edwards Lifesciences Corp. U.S.: NYSE: EW $89.95 -2.49 (-2.69%) Volume 4.5M Open $91.71 High $92.10 Low $89.23 P/E Ratio 34.33 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 19.6B Tesoro Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TSO $84.36 +0.95 (+1.14%) Volume 2.0M Open $83.26 High $84.40 Low $82.50 P/E Ratio 13.78 Div Yield 2.61 Market Cap 9.8B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $180.47 +0.42 (+0.23%) Volume 3.0M Open $179.72 High $180.99 Low $179.57 P/E Ratio 14.55 Div Yield 3.1 Market Cap 169.8B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $42.18 -0.30 (-0.71%) Volume 14.4M Open $42.34 High $42.43 Low $42.12 P/E Ratio 28.12 Div Yield 3.51 Market Cap 182.4B Qualcomm Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: QCOM $56.45 +0.01 (+0.02%) Volume 7.0M Open $56.27 High $56.56 Low $56.07 P/E Ratio 17.21 Div Yield 3.76 Market Cap 83.4B Praxair Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PX $117.73 +0.13 (+0.11%) Volume 1.2M Open $117.17 High $118.32 Low $117.14 P/E Ratio 22.55 Div Yield 2.68 Market Cap 33.5B Schlumberger Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: SLB $80.72 +0.02 (+0.02%) Volume 5.4M Open $80.34 High $80.89 Low $80.03 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.48 Market Cap 112.5B Gilead Sciences Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: GILD $70.12 -0.62 (-0.88%) Volume 7.2M Open $70.56 High $70.60 Low $69.70 P/E Ratio 7.05 Div Yield 2.97 Market Cap 92.5B Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. U.S.: NYSE: BMY $56.97 -0.29 (-0.51%) Volume 7.8M Open $57.02 High $57.23 Low $56.23 P/E Ratio 21.5 Div Yield 2.74 Market Cap 95.8B Express Scripts Holding Co. U.S.: Nasdaq: ESRX $70.05 -1.53 (-2.14%) Volume 4.6M Open $71.27 High $71.39 Low $70.04 P/E Ratio 12.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 43.4B Noble Energy Inc. U.S.: NYSE: NBL $36.81 +0.10 (+0.27%) Volume 3.2M Open $36.50 High $36.96 Low $36.34 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.09 Market Cap 15.8B Exelon Corp. U.S.: NYSE: EXC $36.07 -0.25 (-0.69%) Volume 3.6M Open $36.20 High $36.30 Low $35.98 P/E Ratio 29.33 Div Yield 3.63 Market Cap 33.7B
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Nintendo shares jump 4.1% after Switch console launch success 'There’s a sigh of relief today that the actual launch has gone smoothly so far,' said Atul Goyal, an analyst at Jefferies Yuji Nakamura Monday 6 March 2017 10:08 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online The Nintendo Switch being played in New York Getty Nintendo shares rose on Friday to their highest in a month after a smooth debut of Switch, a hybrid console that aims to bring together the worlds of mobile and home gaming. Retailers in Tokyo and Sydney began selling a limited number of units early, while fans in New York and Toronto waited in the cold to buy the new devices at midnight sale events. Demand easily outstripped supply, with most retailers exhausting both pre-order and same-day inventory within minutes or hours, signalling Nintendo is on track to reach its goal of shipping 2 million units by the end of the month. Shares rose as much as 4.1 per cent, also the biggest gain in a month, as analysts expressed optimism the launch was going well. Prior to Friday, Nintendo’s stock had declined for four-straight days as some early negative reviews and concerns about potential defects unnerved investors. Read more Nintendo Switch goes on sale, sells out immediately “There’s a sigh of relief today that the actual launch has gone smoothly so far,” said Atul Goyal, an analyst at Jefferies Group. “We have to wait and see if any major issue comes up by the end of the week.” Switch, which sells for £279.99 or 30,000 yen, is the Kyoto-based company’s biggest bet in years. Nintendo’s late foray into making mobile games for smartphones has only just started, and the Wii U console was a flop, making it even more important that the new console succeeds. The new gadget is essentially a tablet sporting wireless controllers that can be used anywhere, on its own in the park or plugged into the living room TV. Read more Nintendo Switch goes on sale, sells out immediately Nintendo Switch games coated in horrible chemicals, company confirms Nintendo Switch review: the ultimate handheld released too soon Nintendo Switch unboxing: Hands on with the new games console How the most important and riskiest console ever made actually arrived Nintendo Switch: Release date, price and features So far, reviews are almost evenly split between positive and negative appraisals. Gamespot called it a “technical marvel,” while the Verge sang praises of its launch title, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. IGN bemoaned compromises in the hardware to merge home and portable gaming, while Arstechnica said the machine’s battery life is too short for long trips. A line of about 90 people snaked through a stairwell at Bic Camera Inc.’s shop in Shibuya before it opened, mostly full of people who had not pre-ordered the new device. Among them was Yuki Adachi, 26, who was visiting from Osaka. “I’m most excited about its portability. It’s different from smartphones because it has chunky buttons useful for action games,” Adachi said. “I’m mostly looking forward to using it on the Shinkansen (bullet train) as I travel a lot between Osaka and Tokyo.” Thousands of others throughout the world posted photos or live-streamed themselves buying the device, including one from Nintendo’s flagship store in New York. The attention now turns to the weekend to gauge fan reaction and the device’s durability. Several gaming reviewers who tested the system had reported connectivity problems with its Joy Con controllers, raising questions about hardware quality. Nintendo declined to comment on the issue. Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 2/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 3/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 4/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 5/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 6/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 7/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 8/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 9/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 10/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 11/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 12/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 13/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 14/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 15/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 16/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 17/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 18/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 19/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 20/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 21/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 22/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 23/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 24/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 25/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 26/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 27/35 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 28/35 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 29/35 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 30/35 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 31/35 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 32/35 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 33/35 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 34/35 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 35/35 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex Jefferies’ Goyal said assuming major defects don’t surface, the Switch should be in high-demand thanks to a first-year software lineup that is the strongest since the Wii launched a decade ago. The new Zelda game scored a 98 out of 100 on review-aggregation website Metacritic, making it the fourth-highest rated video game of all time. Snipperclips, another launch title, also received strong reviews for its innovative puzzle gameplay, which critics said showed off the Switch’s multiplayer strengths. “While this early adoption phase is important to build sales momentum, it can only take the Switch so far,” said Piers Harding-Rolls, head of games research at IHS Markit. “Convincing a wider audience to commit to the platform will take some work. A mixture of compelling content and features, price point, word of mouth and effective marketing will all need to come together to engage this broader audience.” Bloomberg More about: Nintendo Nintendo Switch Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
recommended reading Drones for Good: How Civilian Agencies Use Unmanned Systems House Bill Would Give Companies Some Leeway to Hack Back Innovating from the Top: Federal Chief Innovation Officers DARPA Tests Dirty-Bomb Hunting Ambulances Nextgov TRENDING facebook twitter google plus rss Category Management // DHS Biometrics // Dan Coats // Power Grid // 18F Audit // DOD Memos News CIO Briefing Emerging Tech Cloud Cybersecurity Mobile Health Defense Big Data Slack and Teddy Bears Leak Your Secrets; Boeing Employee Sends Personnel Data to His Wife Kidsada Manchinda/Shutterstock.com By Nextgov Staff March 6, 2017 NEXTGOV NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE related stories Blame the US, Not China, For Recent Surge in Massive Cyberattacks Lawmakers Question Role of NTIA in Re-authorization Hearing US Is Finally Getting Serious About Security on the Internet of Things With This Lawsuit DDoS Attacks Have Gone From Minor Nuisance to Possible New Form of Global Warfare Share this on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share this on Google Plus Share this on LinkedIn Print this article Email this article Increase size In case you missed our coverage this week in ThreatWatch, Nextgov’s regularly updated index of cyber breaches: Slack Quickly Patches Bug That Allowed Access to Chats Slack, a team messaging app, in five hours patched a bug that allowed a hacker access to a user’s communications. That includes all the private messages where users may be less likely to talk strictly work. Detectify Labs security researcher Frans Rosén determined he could steal users' private tokens—which allow access to the user’s communications—by tricking them with a malicious web page. According to Rosén, Slack responded to his first notification 33 minutes after he sent it and resolved the issue within five hours. The company also paid him $3,000 for reporting the bug. Internet-Connected Teddy Bear Don't Keep Secrets A high-tech toy teddy bear exposed more than 2 million voice messages from children and parents by using poor security practices, according to a security researcher. Spiral Toys’ CloudPets brand of internet toys reads like a list of security don’ts. The company stored customer credentials in a publicly available online database that didn’t require a password and wasn’t behind a firewall while it put audio messages in an Amazon-hosted service that didn’t require authorization, according to a Feb. 27 blog by Troy Hunt, who maintains Have I Been Pwned? breach notification service. The company hashed customers’ credentials, but it didn’t establish any password strength requirements so capable hackers would be able to crack large chunks of the more than 800,000 credentials, Hunt wrote. Some passwords, for example, were a single letter or commonly used passwords like “password,” “123456” and “cloudpets.” The data was exposed from Christmas to sometime in January, and Motherboard reports it was also accessed and held for ransom multiple times in a wave of attacks on MongoDB databases. Hunt says the company was alerted several times about the breach, but never responded. Mark Myers, Spiral Toys CEO, told Network World no voice recordings were stolen. “Circling back to the parents' position for a moment, you must assume data like this will end up in other peoples' [sic] hands,” Hunt wrote. “Whether it's the Cayla doll, the Barbie, the VTech tablets or the CloudPets, assume breach. It only takes one little mistake on behalf of the data custodian—such as misconfiguring the database security—and every single piece of data they hold on you and your family can be in the public domain in mere minutes.” Boeing Employee Emails 36,000 Coworkers' Personal Info to Spouse Boeing has started notifying the 36,000 employees whose personal information was mistakenly leaked via email, according to Threatpost. A Boeing employee had a problem formatting a spreadsheet and emailed it to his spouse for help, wrote Boeing Deputy Chief Privacy Officer Marie Olson in a letter to the Washington State attorney general notifying the state of the data breach. The spreadsheet contained names, birthdates, Social Security numbers, and other accounting code and employee identification information—but tucked away in “hidden” columns. The employee sent the email Nov. 21, though it wasn’t discovered until January. Boeing is offering employees two years of identity protection services. recommended for you Threatwatch Alert Thousands of cyber attacks occur each day See the latest threats ADD A COMMENT Office 365: 5 Keys to Success Seeing the IT Road Ahead with Riverbed Remove Cloud IT “Blind Spots” with Application Visibility Augmented Intelligence Requires Human Direction FROM OUR SPONSORS sponsored Get Smart. Get The D Brief. Subscribe to Defense One's new national security newsletter. JOIN THE DISCUSSION By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Nextgov does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. PROMOTIONS eBook Innovating from the Top: Federal Chief Innovation Officers // his eBook explores the presence of a chief innovation officer—and how the job allows him or her to directly influence an agency’s tech policy, workplace culture or acquisitions within each federal government agency. FITARA Must Become the Catalyst for Change in Federal IT See all coverage Underwritten by Dell FREE NEWSLETTERS Nextgov Today Health IT Route Fifty Today Research & Insights FITARA Forward see all blogs Nextgov Event: Improving Customer Satisfaction in Government Emerging Tech by Frank Konkel 3 Opportunities For Federal IT Teams During the Hiring Freeze Tech Insider by Jason Parry Kickstarter Is Teaching the Tech World the Meaning of Gender Equity and Fair Pay Wired Workplace by Cassie Werber sponsored links 33rd Annual Space Symposium - Colorado Springs, CO Join us April 3 - 6 for the 33rd Space Symposium. Register today! www.spacesymposium.org AFCEA Bethesda's "A Night for the Children" Gala - April 1st A Night for the Children is a rare opportunity that combines a memorable evening out while making a difference in the lives of children and families in need. The Gala is a night when our generous community comes together to benefit. Learn more about how you can be a hero here. bethesda.afceachapters.org Nextgov About Contact Us Events Advertise List Rentals Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GovExec Defense One Route Fifty Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2017 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from Nextgov   Next Story   × Get top federal technology stories and news alerts in your inbox. Sign up for Nextgov Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Military Federal Government State/Local Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Yes, Nextgov can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. Sign up View Privacy Policy Thank you. Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President GSA Department of Defense Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Judiciary Branch Office of the Secretary of Defense Department of Justice Department of Labor Legislative Branch NASA OMB OPM SSA Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury USPS Department of Veterans Affairs Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Higher Education K-12 Education Special District State Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Technology Management Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Sales & Marketing Other Phone number Zip code Submit View Privacy Policy Thank you for subscribing to newsletters from Nextgov.com. We think these reports might interest you: It’s Time for the Federal Government to Embrace Wireless and Mobility The United States has turned a corner on the adoption of mobile phones, tablets and other smart devices, outpacing traditional desktop and laptop sales by a wide margin. This issue brief discusses the state of wireless and mobility in federal government and outlines why now is the time to embrace these technologies in government. Download Featured Content from RSA Conference: Dissed by NIST Learn more about the latest draft of the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology guidance document on authentication and lifecycle management. Download A New Security Architecture for Federal Networks Federal government networks are under constant attack, and the number of those attacks is increasing. This issue brief discusses today's threats and a new model for the future. Download Going Agile:Revolutionizing Federal Digital Services Delivery Here’s one indication that times have changed: Harriet Tubman is going to be the next face of the twenty dollar bill. Another sign of change? The way in which the federal government arrived at that decision. Download Software-Defined Networking So many demands are being placed on federal information technology networks, which must handle vast amounts of data, accommodate voice and video, and cope with a multitude of highly connected devices while keeping government information secure from cyber threats. This issue brief discusses the state of SDN in the federal government and the path forward. Download The New IP: Moving Government Agencies Toward the Network of The Future Federal IT managers are looking to modernize legacy network infrastructures that are taxed by growing demands from mobile devices, video, vast amounts of data, and more. This issue brief discusses the federal government network landscape, as well as market, financial force drivers for network modernization. Download When you download a report, your information may be shared with the underwriters of that document. Finished Privacy Policy
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management shares soar after £3.8bn merger deal The deal, which will create a £660bn asset manager, is the latest move by the active management industry to combat a tide of investors shifting money to low-cost, passive funds Sarah Jones Monday 6 March 2017 16:54 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Standard Life, the Edinburgh-based firm, appears to be successfully managing a transition into fund management from pensions Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images Standard Life, Scotland’s largest insurer, agreed to acquire Aberdeen Asset Management for about £3.8bn, a deal that would create one of Europe’s biggest fund managers. Their shares soared. Under the terms, Standard Life shareholders will own 66.7 per cent of the combined group, according to a joint statement on Monday. Aberdeen’s investors will receive 0.757 new Standard Life ordinary share for each share they already own. That values Aberdeen in line with its market value before the talks were disclosed 4 March. The deal, which will create a £660bn asset manager, is the latest move by the active management industry to combat a tide of investors shifting money to low-cost, passive funds. Aberdeen, hurt by weaker sentiment toward emerging markets, has suffered more than three years of redemptions, leading chief executive Martin Gilbert to freeze salaries and cut costs to protect profitability. Read more Aberdeen Asset Management says Asian storm is dying down Aberdeen shareholders have no choice but to “accept a nil-premium takeover or risk a material dividend cut, possibly as soon as the interim results in May, due to the weak capital situation,” Paul McGinnis, an analyst at Shore Capital Group Ltd., wrote in a note to clients. “The uncertainty created by an offer and subsequent integration period could be unhelpful in attracting new money from clients for two groups already experiencing net outflows.” Read more Standard Life shuts property fund after post-Brexit withdrawals Standard Life chairman wades in against Brexit Even Superman Skeoch will struggle with his dual role at Standard Life Standard Life jumped more than 9.6 per cent, the most since September 2014, before ending the day up 6.3 per cent at 402.51p. Aberdeen's shares closed up 5.9 per cent at 303.9p. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc., Aberdeen’s largest shareholder with a 17 percent stake, and Lloyds Banking Group Plc, the third-biggest shareholder, support the deal, according to the statement from the companies. Standard Life’s Keith Skeoch and Gilbert will be co-CEOs of the merged companies, which will be headquartered in Scotland. Standard Life’s Gerry Grimstone will be chairman. Standard Life, based in Edinburgh, employs around 8,335 people and the Aberdeen, Scotland-based asset manager has more than 2,800 workers. “We strongly believe that we can build on the strength of the existing Standard Life business by combining with Aberdeen to create one of the largest active investment managers in the world and deliver significant value for all of our stakeholders," Skeoch said in the statement. Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 2/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 3/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 4/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 5/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 6/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 7/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 8/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 9/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 10/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 11/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 12/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 13/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 14/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 15/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 16/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 17/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 18/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 19/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 20/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 21/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 22/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 23/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 24/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 25/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 26/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 27/35 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 28/35 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 29/35 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 30/35 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 31/35 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 32/35 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 33/35 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 34/35 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 35/35 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex The companies said the all-share merger reinforced the firm’s commitment to active management and would result in “material earnings accretion for both sets of shareholders, reflecting the significant synergy potential of the merger.” Aberdeen has had 15 “consecutive quarters of net outflows totaling 105 billion pounds,” McGinnis said. “Given Aberdeen’s deal-making track record, we are not entirely surprised that management have looked for a way to ‘escape’ from its current challenging situation.” “We believe this merger is excellent for our clients, bringing together the strong and highly complementary investment capabilities of each firm,” Gilbert said in the statement. “This merger brings financial strength, diversity of customer base and global reach to ensure that the enlarged business can compete effectively on the global stage.” Bloomberg More about: Standard Life Aberdeen Asset Management Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Amazon Chief Bezos Expected to Unveil Further Private Space Exploration Plans ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Amazon Chief Bezos Expected to Unveil Further Private Space Exploration Plans Published March 06, 2017 Industries Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print The burgeoning space-transportation company owned by Amazon.com chairman Jeff Bezos this week is expected to announce some customers and new initiatives, the latest step toward its long-term goal of building rockets powerful enough to penetrate deep into the solar system, according to industry officials.  Continue Reading Below The moves by the typically secretive Mr. Bezos, these officials said, are anticipated to disclose further details about Blue Origin LLC's strategy to create a family of reusable rockets initially intended to take tourists on suborbital voyages, and then propel spacecraft into Earth's orbit and eventually blast both manned and robotic missions to the Moon and various planets.  Plans for heavy-lift boosters previously unveiled by Mr. Bezos, including one version roughly half as powerful as the iconic Saturn V rockets that lifted Apollo astronauts to the moon, ultimately could emerge as rivals with powerful rockets already under development by fellow billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX.  The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is working on its own version of a deep-space booster and capsule.  The initial test flight of SpaceX's long-delayed Falcon Heavy, which would become the world's most potent operational rocket, is scheduled for later this year. NASA's much larger booster, called SLS, is slated for its maiden flight in 2018.  So far, Mr. Bezos has been less specific about timetables to demonstrate the reliability of his emerging heavy-lift rocket variant, called New Glenn, after the late astronaut and U.S. senator, John Glenn. Amazon's founder has been even less specific about a next-generation rocket on the drawing board, dubbed New Armstrong, in memory of the late astronaut Neil Armstrong, who was the first man to set foot on the Moon. That booster is intended for travel deep into the solar system.  Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Both self-described "space geeks" with ambitious visions of helping humans establish large-scale settlements beyond Earth in their lifetimes, Messrs. Bezos and Musk have jousted good-naturedly on social media in the past about competing to land the first spent booster vertically back on Earth. Mr. Bezos did it first after a suborbital mission, but Mr. Musk accomplished the feat by landing the main portion of a Falcon 9 rocket that delivered a payload into orbit.  For the first time, Blue Origin in the next few days is expected to make public specific customers, according to industry officials. A series of announcements and postings on Twitter is slated to follow a separate flurry of news reports last week about Blue Origin's bid for NASA's support to ship experiments, cargo and other hardware to the moon with the aim of setting up a permanent settlement there.  The proposal, which hasn't been acted on by the agency, was first reported by the Washington Post, which is controlled by Mr. Bezos.  Last-minute shifts could change Blue Origin's plans for the coming days, and Mr. Bezos is renowned for teasing the media with broad concepts, often without providing subsequent details. He is scheduled to speak Tuesday morning in the prominent leadoff slot at an international satellite conference in Washington.  The appearance also comes in the wake of Mr. Musk prompting headlines last week with a proposal to fly two fare-paying passengers on an automated trip around the moon by 2018.  Traditional and startup U.S. space companies are maneuvering to take advantage of the principle of public-private partnerships to accelerate manned exploration favored by President Donald Trump's administration.  With a few exceptions, Mr. Bezos has opted to run Blue Origin since its founding at the beginning of the last decade behind a strict veil of secrecy -- and without seeking substantial federal contracts or development funding. Last September, Mr. Bezos rocked the international aerospace community by disclosing that his New Glenn rocket would feature a cluster of seven main engines and stand more than 310 feet tall. If it flies by the end of the decade as intended, the largest version of the proposed booster could vie for commercial and military satellite launches with SpaceX, Europe's premier launch provider Arianespace and United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp.  Over the years, Mr. Bezos has stressed the importance of creating reusable technology able to slash transportation costs by operating much more frequently than today's rockets. He also has talked about his long-term vision of "millions of people living and working in space."  Unlike Mr. Musk, who relishes making a steady stream of splashy announcements setting increasingly aggressive goals, Mr. Bezos remained virtually silent to outsiders until after Blue Origin pulled off its coup of successfully landing a New Shepard booster back at its West Texas launchpad in late 2015.  The unmanned vehicle flew a suborbital test to 333,000 feet, reached nearly four times the speed of sound, and then both the capsule and its liquid-fueled rocket separately landed safely -- ready for another flight. At the time, Mr. Bezos projected commercial space-tourism flights could start "sometime in 2017." He also said "full reuse is a game changer" for access to space.  In November 2016, when he disclosed plans for a series of larger rockets with substantially more thrust, Mr. Bezos issued a stark reminder of how different his approach is versus that of Mr. Musk.  Noting "our mascot is the tortoise," Mr. Bezos said "deliberate and methodical wins the day, and you do things quickest by never skipping steps."  Write to Andy Pasztor at andy.pasztor@wsj.com Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News Global Process Spectroscopy Market to grow at 6.5% CAGR from 2016 to 2024 According industry research report “Process Spectroscopy Market Size By Technology (NIR, FT-IR, Raman), By Application (Polymer, Oil and Gas, Pharmaceuticals, Food & Agriculture, Chemical), Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook (U.S., Canada, UK, Germany, China, Mexico, Brazil), Application Potential, Price Trends, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2016 – 2024”, Process Spectroscopy Market share to exceed USD 1.47 billion by 2024. Rising focus on improvisation in order to eleminate ineffective process such as visual defects, inventory and production time is expected to propel industry growth. Effective control offers numerous benefits such as low production & inspection cost, consumer satisfaction, increased sales as well as optimized resource utilization, which in turn will catalyze process spectroscopy market size from 2016 to 2024. Request for a sample of this research report @  https://www.gminsights.com/request-sample/detail/716 Process analytical technology (PAT) is a mechanism to design, analyze and control manufacturing through measuring process parameters that affects critical quality attributes. NIR sector is estimated to grow at 6.1% CAGR from 2016 to 2024, accounting for more than 55% of the overall industry share by 2024. Surging application in various industry sectors such as food, quality monitoring & process control and chemical may surge demand over the forecast timeline. Advent of PAT framework by Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with an aim to ensure high quality product performance is forecast to boost growth. This has led to adoption pharmaceutical companies across the U.S. This equipment enables effective & efficient process monitoring and also performs quality check, which in turn aids in reducing variable expenditure involved by minimizing errors as well as re-work. Furthermore, growing industry competition is anticipated to increase price as well as quality pressure in order to gain competitive advantage over the next eight years. Rising consciousness regarding high quality standards and products among customers may encourage process spectroscopy market players to adhere guidelines for international quality standards. Companies across the world have started implementing quality measures in order to gain certifications. For instance, Boeing, 3M, Hewlett Packard (HP), Lockheed Martin and General Electric (GE), have successful implemented Six Sigma. Lack of skilled workforce accompanied by high capital investment is anticipated to hamper production rate. Emergence of cost effective technologies is expected to offer massive growth opportunities for process spectroscopy market share through 2024. Browse key industry insights spread across 89 Pages with 48 market data tables & 42 figures from the report, “Process Spectroscopy Market” in detail along with the table of contents: https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/process-spectroscopy-market Key insights from the report include: FT-IR (fourier transform infrared) technology segment was valued at more than USD 170 million in 2015. Rising prominence of this technology in numerous industries for assessment and identification of various chemicals & compounds and materials such as residues, particulates and pesticides is expected to propel industry demand through 2024. Polymer sector accounted for over 16% of the process spectroscopy market share in 2015 and estimated to grow at 6.2% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. High product volumes, customization as well as strict quality requirement will positively imapct polymer application revenue through 2024. Strict quality norms in healthcare, food & agriculture, and pharmaceuticals sector may positively impact revenue in the North American industry. Asia Pacific process spectroscopy market size is expected to grow at 8% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. Industry participants are increasingly relocating R&D and manufacturing facilities owing to presence of cheap labor and resource cost may catapult regional growth. Key competitors include Bruker, ABB, Buchi Labortechnik, Danaher, Foss A/S, Horiba and Agilent Technologies. Other prominent industry participants are Eureka Forbes, Panasonic, Haier, iRobot, LG, Bissell, Royal Philips Electronics and Samsung.  Make an inquiry for purchasing this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/716 Global Market Insights has segmented the process spectroscopy industry on the basis of technology, application and region Process Spectroscopy Technology Analysis (Revenue, USD Million, 2013 – 2024) NIR FT-IR Raman Process Spectroscopy Application Analysis (Revenue, USD Million, 2013 – 2024) Polymer Oil and Gas Pharmaceuticals Food and Agriculture Chemical Others Process Spectroscopy Regional Analysis (Revenue, USD Million, 2013 – 2024) North America S. Canada Mexico Europe Germany UK Asia Pacific China Latin America Brazil MEA  Browse Related Reports: Machine Condition Monitoring Market Size, Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook, Application Development, Price Trend, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2016 – 2023 https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/machine-condition-monitoring-market About Global Market Insights Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology. Contact Us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: https://www.gminsights.com Blog: https://gminsights.wordpress.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAgriculture, Application Potential, Business, catapult, Companies, Competitive Market Share, Consumer, Electronics, Food and Beverage, FT-IR, general, Google News, Industry, Infrared Spectroscopy, intelligence, Machinery, Markets, NIR, Process Spectroscopy Market Share, Process Spectroscopy Market size, Raman Spectroscopy, satPRnews, service, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious World Robotic Paint Booth Market Gearing For Spectacular Growth and Future Projections Till 2021 Next PostNext Latest Report of Vacuum Insulation Panels Market Trends, Regulatory Landscape and Operational Strategies 2021 Search Recent Posts Embedded Systems Academy veröffentlicht “Technology Guide” zur Sicherheit von Controller Area Networks (CAN) Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders La Visual Industry Promotion Organization et les laboratoires de recherche KADOKAWA ASCII procèdent au lancement d’un « Catalogue de contenus japonais » disponible via un site Web Proudly powered by WordPress
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Ford tests 3D printer that can manufacture car parts of any size and shape Ford tests 3D printer that can manufacture car parts of any size and shape Aircraft maker Boeing is also testing the new 3D printer Lucas Mearian (Computerworld (US)) 06 March, 2017 16:01 - - - - print email Comments Ford today said it will be the first automaker to test a new 3D printer that can build parts of unlimited size. The company is also testing the printer to make prototypes of one-piece auto parts that could be used in production of future vehicles. The use of a 3D printer capable of manufacturing parts of unlimited size and shape "could be a breakthrough for vehicle manufacturing," the automaker stated in a news release. Ford is testing the Stratasys Infinite-Build 3D printer, which was one of two new industrial machines announced last fall. The printer can also build objects using materials such as carbon fiber for lighter weight and stronger parts. Stratasys Stratasys' new Infinite-Build 3D Demonstrator and Robotic Composite 3D Demonstrator allow manufacturers to build parts of near limitless sizes with greater detail, strength and ligher weight than before. For example, Ford said, a 3D-printed spoiler may weigh less than half of its metal-cast equivalent. "Increasingly affordable and efficient, 3D printing large car parts, like car spoilers, could benefit both Ford and consumers," Ford stated. "Parts that are printed can be lighter in weight than their traditionally manufactured counterparts, and may help improve fuel efficiency." 3D printing technology, Ford said, can provide a more efficient and affordable way to produce tooling, prototype parts, or components at low volumes, like Ford Performance vehicles, or for personalized car parts. The new 3D print system is located at Ford's Research and Innovation Center in Dearborn, Mich. The Stratasys Infinite Build 3D printer was designed specifically to address the requirements of the aerospace and automotive industries by being able to build completed parts with repeatable mechanical properties. Boeing is also testing an Infinite-Build 3D printer to explore the production of low volume, lightweight parts. The printer uses a "screw" or "worm" drive filament extruder, enabling it to print with composite materials, such as carbon fiber, which doesn't shrink or warp as much as more common thermoplastics. Typically, fused deposition modeling (FDM) 3D printers press a polymer filament through a pair of wheels or gears and out of a heated extruder head, layer by layer. A screw extruder winds the filament through the head, which increases the flow pressure needed tor extruding composite materials. Stratasys' Infinite-Build 3D printer uses a horizontal build platform versus a traditional vertical platform to create printed objects. By turning the platform horizontally, the machine can build parts sideways, which translates into a build area that's only limited by the space a manufacturer has. "This gives us the capacity for making much larger parts and to gain much lighter assembly," said Ellen Lee, technical leader at Ford's additive manufacturing research facility. Subscribe Now Ubiquiti UCRM – How Resellers Stand to Benefit From This Free CRM System to Become Independent ISP More from Leader Computers Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next ​Aussie business owners targeted in fake ASIC renewal notice HPE and Dell battle it out as global server market dips slightly ARN Roundtable - Driving MSP growth through market diversity ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows ARN Roundtable - Driving MSP growth through market diversity ​The single most important resolution MSPs can make this year, if they haven’t yet, is to diversify in the market for growth. Many MSPs are seen to be stuck in the same comfort cycle of doing business within the few markets that they are comfortable in, but delivering stellar growth goes beyond doing just that; they need to take risks and branch out, or risk being gone. This exclusive ARN roundtable, in association with SolarWinds MSP, addressed key trends in the market for MSPs, diversifying areas of play – from SMB through to mid-market and enterprise, lucrative verticals, the importance of strategic alliances, as well as expanding into niche areas such as cybersecurity and ransomware and using them as a hook for customer conversations. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN Roundtable - Driving MSP growth through market diversity ARN Connect - Transforming the data centre one block at a time As businesses realise the importance of removing the IT shackles, in the quest for increased innovation, future-proofing the data centre has become a leading priority. Driven by a relentless need for more agility, control, simplicity and scale, partners are now tasked with creating full solution sets to meet the new demands of the customer. But in a data centre driven world there is no silver bullet, rather an assortment of solutions that when combined, align with the digital transformation priorities of Australian businesses. This ARN Connect event, in association with Exclusive Networks and BigTec, sidestepped the hype to look at the bigger industry picture, peeling back the infrastructure layers to outline how partners can Transform the Data Centre One Block at a Time. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN Connect - Transforming the data centre one block at a time Arrow exclusively introduces Tenable Network Security to A/NZ channel Arrow Electronics introduced Tenable Network Security to local resellers in Sydney last week, officially launching the distributor's latest security partnership across Australia and New Zealand. Representing the first direct distribution agreement locally for Tenable specifically, the deal sees Arrow deliver security solutions directly to mid-market and enterprise channel partners on both sides of the Tasman. Arrow exclusively introduces Tenable Network Security to A/NZ channel iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost How to Plan For Disaster Recovery D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients Natural Disaster Survival Guide For Businesses Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Venn IT Solutions overhauls CoreLogic’s data safekeeping   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 06:00PM Cisco Live ’17: Optus Business embarks on $2.3M revitalisation project with Sout... 05:49PM CA to acquire security testing firm Veracode for $614M 05:01PM Unisys and Data61 collaborate for international borders analytics solution 04:30PM Cisco Live ’17: Cisco and Optus Business boost partnership for digital transform... More News Inabox buys Logic Communications for $1.5 million Aussie business owners targeted in fake ASIC renewal notice ARN Events 14 Mar WIICTA Alumnae Q1 2017 24 Mar Judges' Lunch 2017 16 May Emerging Leaders 2017 Industry Events 07 Mar Cisco Live! Melbourne 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
Sections Latest Popular Search Sign in My Account | Sign Out TNY Store Anne Enright Reads “Solstice” by Deborah Treisman Trump’s Divisive New Travel Ban by Amy Davidson Why Trump’s Latest Obama Accusation Could Backfire by John Cassidy Christian Bakers, Gay Weddings, and a Question for the Supreme Court by Roger Parloff Donald Trump’s Worst Deal by Adam Davidson Obama Denies Wiretapping Trump: “Like I’d Want to Hear More from That Fool?” by Andy Borowitz Why Trump’s Latest Obama Accusation Could Backfire by John Cassidy Trump’s Divisive New Travel Ban by Amy Davidson Go Sign in My Account | Sign Out News Culture Books Business & Tech Humor Cartoons Magazine Video Audio Archive Goings On Search Close Who’s On First Dept. March 13, 2017 Issue Who Is Trump’s Friend Jim?  An investigation into the “substantial guy” who told the President that “Paris is no longer Paris.”  By Lauren Collins Donald Trump has a friend named Jim, “a very, very substantial guy.” We don’t know much else about Jim, except that, as Trump recently told a crowd at the Conservative Political Action Conference, “he loves the City of Lights, he loves Paris. For years, every year during the summer, he would go to Paris. It was automatic with his wife and his family. Hadn’t seen him in a while. And I said, ‘Jim, let me ask you a question: How’s Paris doing?’ ‘Paris? I don’t go there anymore. Paris is no longer Paris.’ ” Trump can remind you of Jane Austen’s Mrs. Bennet. For all his talk of fake news, he seems to get a decent amount of information over whatever the Fifth Avenue equivalent is of the garden fence. A man of few intimates, he often cites acquaintances: his “many fabulous friends who happen to be gay” (he went on to say that he opposed both same-sex marriage and long putters, because he’s a traditionalist); “the very famous German golfer Bernhard Langer,” who he said told him he’d witnessed voter fraud at his local polling station. (Langer’s daughter told the Times, “He is not a friend of President Trump’s, and I don’t know why he would talk about him.”) And so, in an attempt to suss out the source of inspiration for Trump’s latest foray into European diplomacy, a search was undertaken for his formerly Francophilic friend Jim. Trump doesn’t follow any Jims on Twitter. But it’s easy to find Jims with whom he’s crossed paths. Jim Kelly, formerly of the Buffalo Bills? “No, that would not be Jim Kelly,” a representative said. Jim Dolan, the C.E.O. of Cablevision and the chairman of Madison Square Garden, who lent Trump the Rockettes for his inaugural concert? “That’s not him,” his spokesperson responded. Jim Furyk, the golfer? “Not him,” according to his agent. Jim Davis, the footwear mogul, whose support for Trump prompted a hate Web site to declare New Balance “the Official Shoes of White People”? “No, it is not Jim Davis,” a company P.R. manager replied. Jim Inhofe, the senator and climate-change denier, did not respond; neither did Jim McNerney, the former Boeing executive, who is part of the President’s Kitchen Cabinet. Jim Mattis, the “Warrior Monk” general, doesn’t have a wife. James Comey—does anybody know if he goes by Jim? Jim, from Trump’s description, sounds old, settled, rich. His Paris, one imagines, spanned from Cartier to L’Ami Louis. But he didn’t ring a bell for observers of the New York–Palm Beach power scene. “I haven’t got a clue as to who Trump’s friend Jim is,” David Patrick Columbia, of New York Social Diary, said. “I know a few Juleses but no Jims who fit the bill,” the writer William Norwich said, confessing that he’d been puzzling over Jim’s identity ever since Trump name-checked him. “You really think there is an actual person?” the journalist Kati Marton asked. “Jim is akin to Mexican rapists and Swedish terrorists.” The Web site of the party photographer Patrick McMullan yielded only two Trump-adjacent Jims: Jim Gold, who has posed next to Melania at charity events and, as the C.E.O. of Neiman Marcus, presumably can’t get away with shunning Paris; and Jim McGreevey, who attended an after-party for the première of a movie called “Ira & Abby” at the Viceroy Hotel in Santa Monica with Trump in 2006, after a sex scandal forced him to resign as governor of New Jersey. “I only wish!” McGreevey, who now runs a reëntry program for prisoners in Jersey City, wrote. “The last time I was in Paris was eight years ago, with my then seven-year-old daughter. Vive la France, Jim.” A promising lead: Jim O’Neill, a managing director at Peter Thiel’s investment fund, whom Trump is said to be considering to run the F.D.A. O’Neill did not respond to an e-mail seeking comment, nor did the White House. Or was Jim the same Jim who’s been in Trump’s life since before “The Art of the Deal,” in which he wrote of a college classmate, “a guy with a 180 IQ,” who “couldn’t have sex with his wife” because he was so stressed out about buying a house? (“The only famous person I knew of at Penn was Candice Bergen,” said Jim Ellowitch, Wharton ’68, who didn’t remember any other Jims.) In a strange Trumpian inversion, Jim the Francophobe was turning out to be the jet-setting counterpart to those vague characters (like Joe the Plumber) with whom politicians have so long stocked their narratives of economic stagnation. Last week, François Hollande, the French President, criticized Trump for his comments, offering to send him or Jim a ticket to Disneyland Paris. Regular Parisians, though, just wanted to know what had happened to ruin Jim’s last trip—whether it was the rain or the new spa at the Ritz or something else. Jim, if you’re out there, levez-vous, s’il vous plaît.  ♦ Lauren Collins began working at The New Yorker in 2003 and became a staff writer in 2008. She is the author of “When in French: Love in a Second Language.” More This article appears in other versions of the March 13, 2017, issue, with the headline “Unlucky Jim.” More: Paris DonaldTrump Sign up for the daily newsletter: The best of The New Yorker every day. Enter e-mail address Go Please enter a valid e-mail address Submitting... Thank you for subscribing. You’ll receive your first newsletter soon. View all newsletters » Most Popular Donald Trump’s Worst Deal By Adam Davidson Obama Denies Wiretapping Trump: “Like I’d Want to Hear More from That Fool?” By Andy Borowitz Why Trump’s Latest Obama Accusation Could Backfire By John Cassidy Trump’s Divisive New Travel Ban By Amy Davidson Jack White’s Infinite Imagination By Alec Wilkinson Our thirty most popular Do you have a tip for The New Yorker that requires anonymity and security? Send it via Strongbox. » More From the New Yorker Amy Davidson Trump Talks About Enemies, Again, at CPAC Amy Davidson Our Far-Flung Correspondents The Other France George Packer A Reporter at Large Donald Trump’s Worst Deal Adam Davidson Satire from the Borowitz Report Obama Denies Wiretapping Trump: “Like I'd Want to Hear More from That Fool?” Andy Borowitz Link your subscription Link your subscription Have a login? Sign In Already have a login? Sign in Link Your Subscription Have a login? Sign in About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox About About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox Condé Nast Digital © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading US businesses may suffer in tit-for-tat trade war with China, advisor says  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies CHINA-US TRADE Trade Trade US businesses may suffer in tit-for-tat trade war with China, advisor says China’s government has a range of policy tools that can be used against US businesses in the eventuality of hostile trade or economic policies, Li Daokui says. PUBLISHED : Sunday, 05 March, 2017, 3:28pm UPDATED : Sunday, 05 March, 2017, 10:25pm Comments:   Xie Yu Zhou Xin Share PrintEmail Related topics Trade More on this story Diplomacy & Defence Beijing says Sino-US ties rely on one-China policy 13 Dec 2016 Diplomacy & Defence China seeks to ease Sino-US cyber tensions with top-level talks ahead of Xi Jinping's US trip 14 Sep 2015 Diplomacy & Defence Chinese more upbeat than Asian neighbours over Sino-US ties – no matter who wins election: survey 5 Nov 2016 Insight & Opinion Differing outlooks impede Sino-US cooperation to enhance cybersecurity 29 Sep 2016 Insight & Opinion For good Sino-US relations, the Americans must learn to listen, while the Chinese must learn to talk 21 Dec 2015 Related Articles Europe How cheap Chinese imports stirred Europe’s right-wing populism 6 Mar 2017 Insight & Opinion From tea to soybeans, trade inextricably links China and the US 5 Mar 2017 Insight & Opinion US exceptionalism makes a roaring comeback under Trump 3 Mar 2017 China’s government has a selection of policy tools that can respond to any potentially hostile trade or economic policies by US President Donald Trump, said Li Daokui, a prominent economist and a former member of the Chinese central bank’s monetary policy committee. “The central government is prepared for Trump,” Li told the South China Morning Post outside a meeting of the National People’s Congress in Beijing. “What’s important is not what Trump says, but what his team says. The government has regular communications” with officials of the Trump administration, he said. Any US protectionist economic measures or trade sanctions can be responded in kind, Li said. The Chinese government can also apply pressure on American businesses in China, such as last December’s fine on General Motors Co.’s Chinese venture, he said. SAIC General Motors Corp, a venture with China’s largest carmaker producing Cadillac, Buick and Chevrolet vehicles in Shanghai, was fined 201 million yuan (US$29 million) on December 23 last year. The venture had pursued monopolistic pricing with dealers, according to a report by state broadcaster CCTV, citing Shanghai’s antitrust authority. The fine, equivalent to 4 per cent of the 2015 sales of the venture’s Cadillax SRX, Chevrolet Trax and Buick Excelle models, would hardly cause a dent in General Motors’ China business. The Detroit-based carmaker reported a 2015 operating profit of US$2.1 billion in China. Still, the timing of the fine underscored China’s resolve to use economic tactics for political ends. It came a week after President Elect Trump questioned why the US should continue to observe the so-called “One China” policy -- a cornerstone of Sino-US relations that China considers sacrosanct -- unless Beijing is willing to concede on policies that obstruct American interests. Many US companies from aircraft maker Boeing Co., to iPhone producer Apple Inc, to coffee purveyor Starbucks Inc. depend on the world’s most populous market for a substantial part of their global sales and growth. The China market makes up more than a third of General Motors’ global sales. American businesses will be increasingly vulnerable to the Chinese government’s ire, if Sino-US relations take a turn for the worse. Qualcomm Inc, the San Diego-based supplier of chip sets for smartphones, was fined US$975 million in February 2015 for breaching Chinese antitrust rules. That’s the highest fine in China’s corporate history, following a 14-month long investigation into Qualcomm’s anti-competition practices. To the stick in China’s economic tool kit, Chinese premier Li Keqiang is offering carrots to neutralise any potentially hostile US policies, pledging to promote worldwide economic cooperation and defend global trade. China will “forcefully optimise business environment for foreign investors,” lower the barriers to entry in services, manufacturing, mining and allow foreign companies to raise funds in China’s onshore equity and bond markets, Li said in his annual work report to the Chinese parliament. Continuing the trend of deregulation and easing in red tape, China’s central government will give local authorities the mandate to offer their own preferential policies, subsidies and incentives to woo foreign investors, Li said. “China’s doors will only open wider, and China will continue to be the most attractive destination for foreign investments,” the premier said. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Policy tools ready to fend of any hostile US action   Most Popular Viewed 1 Why Hong Kong’s container port may be in terminal decline 2 How China’s Airbnb clones went from copycats to copied 3 The era of cheap money is coming to an end 4 Chinese retailers drop Lotte amid Beijing’s ire over THAAD 5 China signals change of course on yuan policy Shared 1 How China’s Airbnb clones went from copycats to copied 2 Why Hong Kong’s container port may be in terminal decline 3 Chinese retailers drop Lotte amid Beijing’s ire over THAAD 4 The era of cheap money is coming to an end 5 China vows to simplify VAT rules Commented 1 Premier Li publicly denounces notion of Hong Kong independence 2 Xi likely to preside over military parade in handover anniversary 3 Mainland legal expert questions Hong Kong’s foreign judges 4 Hong Kong can create its own smog, researchers say 5 South Korea to retaliate against China ‘discrimination’, says minister Promotions SCMP invites you to Taste of Hong Kong 2017       You may also like Opinion China’s ‘Two Sessions’: economy on agenda, Trump on hidden agenda 4 Mar 2017 - 10:45am 4 Useful gadgets? In partnership with: HKT PREMIER China Why is China’s budget so incomprehensible? 4 Mar 2017 - 10:02am 4 Food & Drink Mizumi at Wynn Palace Cotai Gallery 6 Mar 2017 - 9:36am Hong Kong After 1997 everything changed, actor Anthony Wong laments 4 Mar 2017 - 11:02am 29 Opinion Globalisation’s not dead, it just has a new powerhouse – Asia 4 Mar 2017 - 1:33pm 3 Geopolitics The real agenda behind Saudi king’s tour of Asia 5 Mar 2017 - 5:29pm 5 China Ancient skulls flesh out China’s Neanderthal past 3 Mar 2017 - 10:08pm 5 Hong Kong Meet the only Hongkonger in UK’s Grenadier Guards Mar 4th 2017, 4:13pm Global Economy Blame our civil service for the second class city that we’ve become 2 Mar 2017 - 6:50pm 67 Insight & Opinion Why do so many in Hong Kong love to hate Regina Ip? 2 Mar 2017 - 8:47pm 42 Hong Kong Hong Kong makes final shortlist to host 2022 ‘gay Olympics’ 2 Mar 2017 - 11:26pm 51 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
LIVE SMARTER Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE Why Planes Don’t Fly Any Faster Than They Did in the 1960s Share Shaunacy Ferro filed under: travel image credit: iStock Like us on Facebook The airplane experience has changed a lot since the 1960s, when tickets could cost up to five times more than today's prices, passengers could smoke on the plane and have as much booze as they could drink. Now, we have budget fares, tiny seats, and baggage fees. But one aspect of air travel hasn’t changed much over the last few decades: how fast the plane goes. We’re still flying at the same speeds we did back before man had made it to the moon. Despite upgrades in aviation technology, airplanes fly around the same speeds as they did 50 years ago, according to the explainers Wendover Productions (who have previously covered how budget airlines keep prices low). Flights are scheduled to take longer, though, thanks to the congestion of planes getting in and out of airports, meaning that we actually spend more time flying the same routes. Like most terrible things about flying, the lack of speed has to do with the airlines' bottom lines. One reason is that the speeds we were flying in the ‘60s are still the most efficient for the engines we use. Commercial aircraft are typically powered by turbofan engines, which are most efficient at speeds of 400 to 620 miles per hour. Military aircraft can go much faster with turbojet engines—more than 1500 miles per hour in some cases—but that takes an incredible amount of fuel. The Concorde aircraft could reach speeds of 1300 miles per hour at cruise altitude, but it used 46.85 pounds of fuel for every mile flown and could seat only 100 passengers. Boeing’s new 787 Dreamliner, which has a cruise speed of 648 miles per hour, uses only 18.7 pounds of fuel per mile and can seat 291 passengers. The speed just wasn’t worth it for airlines, and the Concorde was retired in 2003. Dive into the world of airplane engines in the video below: March 06, 2017 - 06:30pm Share Shaunacy Ferro Shaunacy Ferro is a senior staff writer for MentalFloss.com. Her work has previously appeared in Fast Company, Popular Science, and Architect magazine, among others. She lives in Brooklyn and spends most of her free time taking photos of her cat. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. POPULAR ON mental_floss 31 Adorable Slang Terms for Sex From the Last 600 Years What Goes in the Empty Box? 11 Actors Who Asked for Their Characters to Be Killed Off POPULAR ON mental_floss The Best Breakfast Spot in All 50 States There's a Wire Above Manhattan That You've Probably Never Noticed The U.S. Map Redrawn as 50 States With Equal Population POPULAR ON mental_floss A Simple Trick for Finding Out Who Unfollowed You on Facebook What's the Purpose of the Diamond on the Front of Backpacks? Study: The First Americans Didn't Arrive by the Bering Land Bridge POPULAR ON mental_floss Melting Glaciers in Italy Reveal a Shocking Surprise: Century-Old Corpses The Terrifying Subliminal Image Hidden in The Exorcist Fans Find Bizarre Friends/Home Alone Connection POPULAR ON mental_floss The 1956 Magic Trick That Sent BBC Viewers Into a Panic Why Is AriZona Iced Tea Cheaper Than Water? 25 Words That Are Their Own Opposites POPULAR ON mental_floss Opening Your Car Door Like the Dutch Do Can Save Cyclists' Lives Fast Food Chicken Isn't 100% Chicken (Or Even Close), Investigation Finds 6 Times the Wrong Winner Was Announced NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Ford is trying 3D printing for car parts Ford is trying 3D printing for car parts Posted on Monday, March 6, 2017 by CNN in Business News Ford is experimenting with 3D-printed parts. Ford figures they will be lighter than their metal counterparts, and therefore more fuel efficient. The company will start with spoilers, those streamlined decorations fastened to car exteriors to make them look faster. For now, the company is testing parts for its Ford Performance race car division, but 3D-printed parts could be used for mass-market cars and trucks in the future. Ford released photos of 3D-printed parts, like the plastic molding for car interiors. The company hinted that it might one day be able to 3D-print more complicated parts, like intake manifolds. The 3D printing is taking place at the company’s factory in Dearborn, Michigan, using a printer made by the company Stratasys. Ford said Stratasys is “capable of printing automotive parts of practically any shape or length.” Jim Vurpillat, marketing director for Stratasys at its locations in Minneapolis and Israel, said 3D printing has been used in cars before, but only in “very limited” use for customized parts. He said that Boeing also uses a Stratasys printer. Other designers have experimented with 3D printing to make items with moving mechanical parts, like wheelchairs and parts for guns. Former Treasury secretary: Trump will hurt the economy Volkswagen unveils its new self-driving concept car Related Posts Apple announces four-inch iPhone SE and smaller iPad Pro CCEDC Issues Update for Several Projects Donald Trump claims Fed is ‘more political’ than Clinton Why Hollywood’s summer sequel slump won’t lead to change Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Business Nation & World White House trade adviser: Deficit undermines US security Originally published March 6, 2017 at 6:51 am Updated March 6, 2017 at 8:45 am Share story By PAUL WISEMAN and CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER The Associated Press WASHINGTON (AP) — Reducing America’s huge trade deficits would deliver stronger economic growth and improve national security, the White House trade adviser said, in a speech that underscored the Trump administration’s harsh view of recent U.S. trade policies. Speaking at a National Association of Business Economics conference, Peter Navarro argued Monday that China and other trading partners use the proceeds from export sales to buy U.S. companies and technology, reducing America’s self-reliance. He says, for example, that only one U.S. company is capable of repairing the propellers on Navy submarines. “Might we lose a broader cold war for America’s freedom and prosperity, not by shots fired but by cash registers ringing?” Navarro said. “Might we lose a broader hot war, simply because we have sent our manufacturing and defense industrial base off-shore.” President Donald Trump named Navarro, a University of California-Irvine economist, to lead a new White House council on trade. The appointment signaled Trump’s intention to shake up relations with China. Navarro is a sharp critic of Chinese economic and military policies. Most Read Stories Hit man in San Antonio murder-for-hire slaying set to die Exhausted mom needs sleep before marriage crumbles | Dear Carolyn Dick’s Drive-In to open new location — and you can vote on where Is your kid absent more than classmates? School ‘nudge’ letters tell parents just how much  VIEW AG Bob Ferguson: Trump’s original travel ban was indefensible; we’re reviewing the new oneUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Navarro’s views on the trade deficit stand in stark contrast with mainstream economists, a difference he seemed to relish in his remarks. Most economists see trade deficits as an outcome of a nation spending more than it saves, rather than the result of bad trade deals. They worry that the measures pushed by Navarro, such as higher tariffs, would raise prices for imports of consumer goods such as clothes, toys and electronics. They also warn that it could spark retaliatory measures that would harm U.S. exports. Navarro on Monday said mainstream economists underestimated the damage caused by massive trade deficits. Last year, the United States exported $1.45 trillion in goods and imported $2.19 trillion, creating a trade deficit of more than $734 billion in goods, almost half of it with China. He said the Trump administration would reduce trade deficits by negotiating better trade agreements and reducing corporate tax rates and regulations to make American companies more competitive. Navarro waved away the argument that cracking down on imported goods would raise prices for American consumers. He says “modest inflation” would be a worthwhile price to pay for saving and creating U.S. jobs. “This seems to be an elitist out-of-touch argument, as it assumes that the poorest segments of our society would rather have cheap products than a good job, and a good paycheck,” he said. Navarro described his job as leading a “SWAT team” in the White House that helps U.S. companies contend with unfair trade practices abroad and burdensome regulations at home. His remarks also sketched out the full ambition of Trump’s trade policies. For example, Navarro said the administration wants to encourage more companies to make or source their parts in the United States, rather than simply assembling foreign made parts in the U.S. “One of the major goals of the Trump administration is to reclaim all of the supply chain and manufacturing capabilities that would otherwise exist if the playing field were level,” Navarro said. Yet this could be a tall order: Many large U.S. corporations source parts from dozens of countries around the world, a result of decisions made over decades. Boeing, for example, uses parts from 90 countries. Glenn Hubbard, who served as George W. Bush’s top economic adviser, said during a press briefing at the conference that forcing the relocation of supply chains “would be very disruptive.” “I don’t think business people are comfortable with that,” Hubbard added. Doug Elmendorf, former director of the Congressional Budget Office and a former Clinton administration official, said that Trump’s proposed tax cuts and deregulatory agenda could accelerate the economy’s growth. But the administration’s trade policies could offset those benefits. “Their approach to trade policy is one thing that will lower growth,” Elmendorf said. PAUL WISEMAN CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story CNN’s Alisyn Camerota is writing a novel Previous Story Berlin’s long-delayed airport gets new boss Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Nation SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Evan Horowitz: Understanding the proposal for replacing Obamacare Two sisters, one house, and a mystery Together for 97 years, twin sisters meet a tragic end Interview between Stephanopoulos, Trump aide gets unusually tense Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In White House trade adviser: Deficit undermines US security E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Pool/ Getty Images Trump displayed the Executive Order withdrawing the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. By Paul Wiseman and Christopher S. Rugaber Associated Press  March 06, 2017 WASHINGTON (AP) — Reducing America’s huge trade deficits would deliver stronger economic growth and improve national security, the White House trade adviser said, in a speech that underscored the Trump administration’s harsh view of recent U.S. trade policies. Speaking at a National Association of Business Economics conference, Peter Navarro argued Monday that China and other trading partners use the proceeds from export sales to buy U.S. companies and technology, reducing America’s self-reliance. He says, for example, that only one U.S. company is capable of repairing the propellers on Navy submarines. Advertisement ‘‘Might we lose a broader cold war for America’s freedom and prosperity, not by shots fired but by cash registers ringing?’’ Navarro said. ‘‘Might we lose a broader hot war, simply because we have sent our manufacturing and defense industrial base off-shore.’’ President Donald Trump named Navarro, a University of California-Irvine economist, to lead a new White House council on trade. The appointment signaled Trump’s intention to shake up relations with China. Navarro is a sharp critic of Chinese economic and military policies. Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Navarro’s views on the trade deficit stand in stark contrast with mainstream economists, a difference he seemed to relish in his remarks. Most economists see trade deficits as an outcome of a nation spending more than it saves, rather than the result of bad trade deals. They worry that the measures pushed by Navarro, such as higher tariffs, would raise prices for imports of consumer goods such as clothes, toys and electronics. They also warn that it could spark retaliatory measures that would harm U.S. exports. Navarro on Monday said mainstream economists underestimated the damage caused by massive trade deficits. Last year, the United States exported $1.45 trillion in goods and imported $2.19 trillion, creating a trade deficit of more than $734 billion in goods, almost half of it with China. He said the Trump administration would reduce trade deficits by negotiating better trade agreements and reducing corporate tax rates and regulations to make American companies more competitive. Advertisement Navarro waved away the argument that cracking down on imported goods would raise prices for American consumers. He says ‘‘modest inflation’’ would be a worthwhile price to pay for saving and creating U.S. jobs. ‘‘This seems to be an elitist out-of-touch argument, as it assumes that the poorest segments of our society would rather have cheap products than a good job, and a good paycheck,’’ he said. Navarro described his job as leading a ‘‘SWAT team’’ in the White House that helps U.S. companies contend with unfair trade practices abroad and burdensome regulations at home. His remarks also sketched out the full ambition of Trump’s trade policies. For example, Navarro said the administration wants to encourage more companies to make or source their parts in the United States, rather than simply assembling foreign made parts in the U.S. ‘‘One of the major goals of the Trump administration is to reclaim all of the supply chain and manufacturing capabilities that would otherwise exist if the playing field were level,’’ Navarro said. Yet this could be a tall order: Many large U.S. corporations source parts from dozens of countries around the world, a result of decisions made over decades. Boeing, for example, uses parts from 90 countries. Glenn Hubbard, who served as George W. Bush’s top economic adviser, said during a press briefing at the conference that forcing the relocation of supply chains ‘‘would be very disruptive.’’ ‘‘I don’t think business people are comfortable with that,’’ Hubbard added. Doug Elmendorf, former director of the Congressional Budget Office and a former Clinton administration official, said that Trump’s proposed tax cuts and deregulatory agenda could accelerate the economy’s growth. But the administration’s trade policies could offset those benefits. ‘‘Their approach to trade policy is one thing that will lower growth,’’ Elmendorf said. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 38° Share White House trade adviser: Deficit undermines US security By Paul Wiseman and Christopher S. Rugaber / Associated Press Monday, March 6th, 2017 at 9:53am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........WASHINGTON — Reducing America’s huge trade deficits would deliver stronger economic growth and improve national security, the White House trade adviser said, in a speech that underscored the Trump administration’s harsh view of recent U.S. trade policies. Speaking at a National Association of Business Economics conference, Peter Navarro argued Monday that China and other trading partners use the proceeds from export sales to buy U.S. companies and technology, reducing America’s self-reliance. He says, for example, that only one U.S. company is capable of repairing the propellers on Navy submarines. “Might we lose a broader cold war for America’s freedom and prosperity, not by shots fired but by cash registers ringing?” Navarro said. “Might we lose a broader hot war, simply because we have sent our manufacturing and defense industrial base off-shore.” President Donald Trump named Navarro, a University of California-Irvine economist, to lead a new White House council on trade. The appointment signaled Trump’s intention to shake up relations with China. Navarro is a sharp critic of Chinese economic and military policies. Advertisement Continue reading Navarro’s views on the trade deficit stand in stark contrast with mainstream economists, a difference he seemed to relish in his remarks. Most economists see trade deficits as an outcome of a nation spending more than it saves, rather than the result of bad trade deals. They worry that the measures pushed by Navarro, such as higher tariffs, would raise prices for imports of consumer goods such as clothes, toys and electronics. They also warn that it could spark retaliatory measures that would harm U.S. exports. Navarro on Monday said mainstream economists underestimated the damage caused by massive trade deficits. Last year, the United States exported $1.45 trillion in goods and imported $2.19 trillion, creating a trade deficit of more than $734 billion in goods, almost half of it with China. He said the Trump administration would reduce trade deficits by negotiating better trade agreements and reducing corporate tax rates and regulations to make American companies more competitive. Navarro waved away the argument that cracking down on imported goods would raise prices for American consumers. He says “modest inflation” would be a worthwhile price to pay for saving and creating U.S. jobs. “This seems to be an elitist out-of-touch argument, as it assumes that the poorest segments of our society would rather have cheap products than a good job, and a good paycheck,” he said. Navarro described his job as leading a “SWAT team” in the White House that helps U.S. companies contend with unfair trade practices abroad and burdensome regulations at home. His remarks also sketched out the full ambition of Trump’s trade policies. For example, Navarro said the administration wants to encourage more companies to make or source their parts in the United States, rather than simply assembling foreign made parts in the U.S. “One of the major goals of the Trump administration is to reclaim all of the supply chain and manufacturing capabilities that would otherwise exist if the playing field were level,” Navarro said. Yet this could be a tall order: Many large U.S. corporations source parts from dozens of countries around the world, a result of decisions made over decades. Boeing, for example, uses parts from 90 countries. Glenn Hubbard, who served as George W. Bush’s top economic adviser, said during a press briefing at the conference that forcing the relocation of supply chains “would be very disruptive.” “I don’t think business people are comfortable with that,” Hubbard added. Doug Elmendorf, former director of the Congressional Budget Office and a former Clinton administration official, said that Trump’s proposed tax cuts and deregulatory agenda could accelerate the economy’s growth. But the administration’s trade policies could offset those benefits. “Their approach to trade policy is one thing that will lower growth,” Elmendorf said. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Congress proposes giveaways to auto, trucking industries – Oct 21, 2015 California: Self-driving cars must have driver behind wheel – Dec 16, 2015 San Francisco battles epidemic of auto burglaries – Jun 13, 2016 Police: Colts' David Parry arrested in Scottsdale, Arizona – Feb 28, 2017 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Public interest groups urge officials to protect net neutrality Technology — 4h 25m ago Freedom Caucus chair questions if ObamaCare replacement will lower costs Healthcare — 5h 9m ago Carson doubles-down: Slaves were ‘involuntary immigrants’ News — 6h 47m ago US sending anti-missile system to South Korea: report International — 6h 53m ago Trump, Graham to lunch Tuesday Floor Action — 6h 54m ago Schumer promises Dems will try to defeat 'Trumpcare' Senate — 7h 9m ago Samuel L. Jackson blasts Carson's slavery comment In The Know — 7h 28m ago Trump makes key changes to travel ban National Security — 7h 40m ago view all   Former GOP rep joins King & Spalding By Megan R. Wilson - 03/06/17 05:30 AM EST 1   © Getty Former Rep. Ander Crenshaw (R-Fla.), who retired from Congress earlier this year, is joining law and lobby firm King & Spalding.  He’s becoming a senior counsel within the firm’s government advocacy and public policy practice. The firm says he’ll be specializing in issues involving the financial services, defense and healthcare sectors. “Congressman Crenshaw is widely regarded as a thoughtful, diligent legislator and has high-level contacts throughout the executive and legislative branches,” Wick Sollers, the managing partner of King & Spalding’s Washington office, said in a statement. ADVERTISEMENT Crenshaw was first elected to Congress in 2000, and served in the Florida state Senate and House of Representatives. In his private-sector life, he spent nearly two decades as an investment banker.  “Ander’s tenure in the House was marked by an ability to build consensus through common-sense arguments and strong advocacy,” said Tom Spulak, chair of the firm’s government advocacy and public policy practice.  On Capitol Hill, he sat on the House Appropriations Committee, including several of its subcommittees. He chaired its Financial Services and General Government Affairs subcommittee, responsible for funding of the Treasury Department. Crenshaw also concentrated his efforts on military funding, disability rights and international affairs, including helping to found the Millennium Challenge Corporation, an independent government agency focused on foreign aid. He also sponsored a piece of legislation called the ABLE Act to create tax-free savings accounts for people with disabilities. King & Spalding earned $3.7 million in lobbying revenues in 2016, with clients including the Muscular Dystrophy Association and Embraer, a Brazilian aerospace conglomerate third in size only to Boeing and Airbus. The firm also represents the government of Saudi Arabia. “King & Spalding’s roster of former government officials — elected and non-elected, both Democrat and Republican — was a compelling platform as I contemplated life after Congress,” said Crenshaw.  The firm boasts a lineup of former officials, including former Rep. Mike Andrews (D-Texas); Jeffrey Bucholtz, former acting assistant attorney general at the Justice Department; former Defense Department inspector general Eleanor Hill; former chief counsel at the IRS, Hap Shashy; Terry Snell, a national security and foreign policy adviser to Sen. Dan CoatsDan CoatsOvernight Cybersecurity: Comey, Trump at odds on wiretapping | Obama advisers press Trump to act on cyber Senate panel to vote Tuesday on intel head confirmation Former GOP rep joins King & Spalding MORE (R-Ind.); Dan Donovan, the senior investigative counsel for Sen. Chuck GrassleyChuck GrassleyGrassley: 'Too soon' for decision on special prosecutor in Trump-Russia probe Sessions on Russia testimony: 'My answer was correct' Grassley probes FBI's ties to British spy who investigated Trump MORE (R-Iowa); and former chief of staff to Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.), George Crawford.  Tags Chuck Grassley, Dan Coats   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 GOP releases bills to repeal and... The measures dismantle the core aspects of ObamaCare. 484 Shares 2 Grassley probes FBI's ties to... Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) has opened an... 367 Shares 3 Khan speech in Canada cancelled... Gold Star father and outspoken President Trump critic Khizr Khan on Monday... 338 Shares 4 DHS head: Trump has ‘convincing’... "He's got his reasons to say it," John Kelly said of Trump. 298 Shares 5 David Letterman weighs in on '... David Letterman in a new Vulture interview weighs in on President Trump... 183 Shares 6 Republicans shrug off Trump... “We are laser focused and won’t be distracted by sideshows,” said one GOP... 177 Shares 7 Carson doubles-down: Slaves were ‘... Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson doubled-down Monday on... 148 Shares 8 White House on the defensive over... The White House struggled to answer questions Monday about President Trump... 114 Shares 9 Schumer on Trump claims: Either... Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) on Sunday raised questions... 72 Shares 10 McCain: Trump 'owes it' to... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on Monday said President Trump “owes it to the... 66 Shares 11 Former Bush attorney general:... Mukasey on Sunday said that President Trump is likely correct that there... 65 Shares 12 Samuel L. Jackson blasts Carson's... "Ben Carson...I can't," the actor tweeted. 60 Shares 13 Carson refers to slaves as '... Ben Carson in a conversation with employees of the Department of Housing... 57 Shares 14 Chelsea Clinton: Carson's remark... "Slaves were not & are not immigrants," she tweeted. 56 Shares 15 Spicer clashes with press over... White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday defended the... 52 Shares 16 Obstacles ahead as GOP begins... Republicans who have vowed for years to repeal and replace ObamaCare are... 51 Shares 17 White House appears to copy from... A White House press release on Monday congratulating ExxonMobil for its... 49 Shares 18 Hillary coming to terms with her... “She’s in a much better place than she was in two months ago,” said one... 47 Shares 19 Five takeaways from Trump’s new... President Trump issued an updated travel ban on Monday aimed at moving... 47 Shares 20 Trump signs revised travel ban... President Trump on Monday issued a new executive order on immigration that... 43 Shares 21 Freedom Caucus chair questions if... "Certainly we're making progress," Rep. Mark Meadows (R-S.C.) said. 43 Shares 22 Senate panel to probe Trump's... Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) said Trump has "challenged Congress to look... 41 Shares 23 DHS head confirms he's considering... "I would do almost anything to deter the people from Central America to... 39 Shares 24 FBI head ‘incredulous’ at Trump... James Comey reportedly feels "institutionally he has to push back on this." 39 Shares 25 ObamaCare repeal bill would defund... The ObamaCare repeal bill unveiled by the House Monday includes language... 35 Shares 26 Juan Williams: Time for a special... OPINION: Public pressure is building over links between President Trump’s... 35 Shares 27 House GOP bill repeals ObamaCare... ObamaCare's "Cadillac" tax on high-cost health plans would be allowed to... 33 Shares 28 What's changed in Trump's travel... The order includes changes aimed at ensuring the policy stands up in court... 33 Shares 29 Spokeswoman: 'I don't think' Trump... A White House spokeswoman on Monday said she doesn't think President Trump... 32 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The guy running Trump's trade policy just wrote a seriously troubling op-ed in The Wall Street Journal Linette Lopez Mar. 6, 2017, 10:55 AM 86,215 facebook linkedin twitter email print Reuters Peter Navarro writes like a man ready to start a trade war. In an op-ed article in The Wall Street Journal on Sunday, the head of this administration's National Trade Council succinctly laid out why he thinks the US is losing its grip on the economy. Step by step he broke down his view on gross-domestic-product growth, trade deficits, and how the US's national security depended on keeping American assets in American hands. The problem, however, is that his conjectures have almost no relationship with the reality of how our economy works. Navarro misses the most important part of economic growth, demonizes innocuous trade measures, and paints a dark picture of America's place in the world. This has the effect of making Navarro seem paranoid — and for all the wrong reasons. Navarro's views expressed in the article shouldn't surprise many who've been following his career. The Economist called him a "China-bashing eccentric," and much of the US economics community was surprised by his appointment to the White House. Economist Lee Branstetter, a professor at Carnegie Mellon who is a former presidential trade adviser, told Business Insider that Navarro never studied the global free-trade system. "He doesn't publish in journals," he said. "What he's writing and saying right now has nothing to do with what he got his Harvard Ph.D. in ... He doesn't do research that would meet the scientific standards of that community. As far as I'm concerned he doesn't know what he's talking about in terms of trade policy." But Navarro does fit with the Trumpian worldview that the US is a victim and that there is no win-win situation in international economic dealing. So let's tiptoe through this one, shall we? How do we grow? Navarro's article opens with an incomplete premise, that US GDP growth comes from "only four factors: consumption, government spending, business investment and net exports (the difference between exports and imports)." This is the basis on which Navarro argues that having a trade deficit — buying more goods than you're selling to your trading partners — hurts growth and that the best way to grow faster is by closing this deficit. That is to say, selling more goods than you buy. In the most practical terms, for you that means fewer cheap South Korean flat-screen TVs until we can figure out a way to sell the South Koreans more stuff. Trump released a trade agenda that complained about that very thing last week, actually. Thing is, the trade deficit is far from the most important part of GDP. According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, the 2016 trade deficit was about $500 billion. That's a lot, but it's a fraction of the other main components of GDP, like the $3 trillion of private investment and the $12.8 trillion in consumption last year. Two main factors for GDP growth — the trade deficit not among them — are accepted by economists pretty much the world over: labor-force growth and labor-force productivity. You can hire more workers, who then spend their wages and buy stuff, growing the economy, or you can make the workers you have make more stuff. As for the importance of a trade deficit as a measure of how healthy your economy is, note that during the Great Depression, the US had a trade surplus. It didn't matter that we were selling to the rest of the world like crazy because no one here had any purchasing power. What we import and export takes a seat way in the back compared with whether American citizens can buy things, go places, and make our economy move. So this right here, from Navarro's op-ed article, is a bit of a red herring, according to modern economic thinking: "Suppose America successfully negotiates a bilateral trade deal this year with Mexico in which Mexico agrees to buy more products from the U.S. that it now purchases from the rest of the world. This would show up in government data as an increase in U.S. exports, a lower trade deficit, and an increase in the growth of America's GDP." Two things here. One, nearly all economists think that ripping up the NAFTA deal with Mexico and Canada and dealing with them one-on-one puts the US at a disadvantage in negotiating and is a waste of time and money. Two, focusing on something as comparatively small as the trade deficit takes the Trump administration away from the real issue with slow GDP growth, and that's whether the workforce is growing or becoming more productive. Right now, both are slow. There are bunch of reasons for that, including a massive demographic shift as baby boomers leave the workforce and technological advancements that have changed the nature of American jobs. War-ready Now we have to talk about the paranoia in Navarro's piece. Navarro is worried that the US isn't battle-ready because, in his mind, it doesn't make anything. He is also concerned that foreign countries will buy up the US's military industrial complex: "Suppose the purchaser is a rapidly militarizing strategic rival intent on world hegemony. It buys up America's companies, technologies, farmland, food-supply chain — and ultimately controls much of the U.S. defense-industrial base. How might that alternative version of conquest by purchase end for our sons and daughters? Might we lose a broader cold war for America's freedom and prosperity, not by shots fired but by cash registers ringing? Might we lose a broader hot war because America has sent its defense-industrial base abroad on the wings of a persistent trade deficit?" At this point Navarro is hysterical, painting a picture of a US that is rapidly selling itself off bit by bit. This not the country of Google and Exxon Mobil. It's certainly not the country of Boeing and Lockheed Martin. This is a vision from a man who desperately fears a modern, globalized world and the change it brings with it. Instead of moving us forward, into a future in which American technology and innovation win in a dynamic interconnected world, he wants to take us back. For example, in the piece Navarro makes a plea for a dying industry: "America's ... shipbuilding industry is gathering barnacles." That's true, but shipbuilding has been declining around the world for years. Last year saw a 91% year-over-year decline in shipping contracts. It's a dying thing that no amount of government economic planning can rescue. The things Peter Navarro wants to fight against — the things that keep him up at night — are windmills, waving their blades at a paranoid mind. To charge them he wants to disrupt global supply chains and put up tariffs; he wants to bully the US's way into new markets and upset our trading partners. This is no way to do trade policy. But Navarro and his team seem on a reckless mission to try.   For more on what could come of US trade wars listen to BI's Linette Lopez and Josh Barro on their podcast, Hard Pass:     This is an opinion column. The thoughts expressed are those of the author. SEE ALSO: Trump's trade policy violates basic rules of behavior we teach in kindergarten SEE ALSO: The clearest part of Trump's economic plan is also the most delusional part NOW WATCH: 'Shark Tank' star Daymond John: Making products in the US could cost consumers 25-30% more Loading video... More: Op-Ed Trade Trade Balance Peter Navarro facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The guy running Trump's trade policy just wrote a seriously troubling op-ed in The Wall Street Journal The guy running Trump's trade policy just wrote a seriously troubling op-ed in The Wall Street Journal Peter Navarro writes like a man ready to start... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us D.C.’s toughest gig: Defending Donald Trump The disappearing Sean Spicer GOP unveils Obamacare replacement amid sharp party divide How Trump's new travel ban targets the whole world GOP refuses to back Trump's wiretap claim 8 Tricks for Defending Trump Politico Morning Transportation A daily speed read on transportation and infrastructure Get the Morning Transportation Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Airlines laud DOT for putting two comment periods on ice By Brianna Gurciullo 03/06/17 10:00 AM EST With help from Tanya Snyder and Lauren Gardner PUT ON ICE: DOT has cut off the comment periods, at least temporarily, for a proposed rule on disclosing baggage fees and an information request on how airlines share flight details with comparison websites, saying a pause “will allow the president’s appointees the opportunity to review and consider” the Obama administration's actions. Story Continued Below On one side: Airlines for America had called for such a suspension on comments. The group's president and CEO, Nick Calio, praised Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao's "leadership" in a statement after DOT decided in A4A's favor. The group argues that the proposed rule would let the federal government “dictate how airlines sell and distribute products and services,” and the request for information would let the government “interfere in the commercial relationship between airlines and their distribution partners.” And the other: The president of the Travel Technology Association, whose members include sites like Priceline and Expedia, said the group was “disappointed” by DOT’s move. “Consumers deserve transparency in fare and schedule information and ancillary fees,” Steve Shur said in a statement. “DOT must live up to its mandate on consumer protection and ensure consumers have access to all the information they need to make a purchasing decision.” Also of note: The department announced that airlines won’t have to report data on mishandled scooters and wheelchairs until 2019, following a request from Delta and A4A. The so-called compliance date was originally a year earlier. HAPPY MONDAY: Thanks for tuning in to POLITICO’s Morning Transportation, your daily tipsheet on all things trains, planes, automobiles and ports. Please send tips, feedback and, of course, song lyrics to bgurciullo@politico.com or @brigurciullo. “But it don’t matter what you feel. You can beg, you can borrow or steal. But as long as I’m holding the wheel. I don’t want no spitting on the bus.” (NJ Advance Media’s Larry Higgs) Want to keep up with MT’s song picks? Follow our Spotify playlist. A TWEET TO START OFF THE WEEK: From the Eno Center for Transportation’s Jeff Davis (@JDwithTW): “Sec. Chao has renamed the @USDOT blog. It was ‘Fast Lane’ but recent spike in fatal car crashes stigmatizes speed.” CANADA ON HER MIND? Chao could take a trip to Canada to learn more about Nav Canada, the nonprofit corporation that manages the nation’s air traffic control system, Canada’s transport minister told The Hill. Chao and Trump haven’t definitively said whether they would back a plan to spin off U.S. air traffic control functions from the FAA. But House Transportation Committee Chairman Bill Shuster is sure to advocate for such a proposal in the next bill to reauthorize the FAA. PELOSI SHOOTS DOWN RYAN’S INFRASTRUCTURE IDEA: House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi criticized Speaker Paul Ryan on Friday for saying that, under an infrastructure plan, the private sector should spend $40 for every $1 the federal government spends. “That’s not going to have the impact that we need to build our infrastructure,” Pelosi told POLITICO Playbook’s Anna Palmer and Jake Sherman in an interview. ‘A notion-monger’: She also slammed President Donald Trump for promising investments in infrastructure without a fleshed-out plan. “The president, in addition to being a fear-monger, is a notion-monger,” Pelosi said. “There isn’t an idea that comes forward, something that says, ‘This is our goal, our vision. These are the facts about it. This is our plan to get it done.’ No, he just says, ‘We’re going to have an infrastructure [package].’” No go: Pelosi said public-private partnerships “could be a good formula” for a package. “But if [the proposal] is what we suspect it could be, [which] is wealthy individuals getting tax credits to build something which they will own and charge tolls, that’s not a go,” she said. TRAVEL BAN 2.0 EXPECTED TODAY: "President Donald Trump is expected to sign on Monday a new executive order on his controversial travel ban at the Department of Homeland Security, according to senior government officials familiar with the matter," POLITICO's Josh Dawsey and Nancy Cook report. "It is unclear how significant the changes to the current order will be or whether the White House will continue a court fight over its old order. The original order restrained immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, temporarily halted the entry of refugees and indefinitely shut down the entrance of refugees from Syria." THIS WEEK: Tuesday — The National Press Club holds a news conference on infrastructure needs with city officials. Airports Council International-North America unveils the results of a survey on airport infrastructure. Wednesday — The Washington Post holds a discussion with Rep. Blake Farenthold (R-Texas), former Transportation secretary Ray LaHood and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.), among others, about infrastructure. The Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee holds a hearing on Elaine Duke’s nomination to serve as DHS deputy secretary. The House Homeland Security Committee marks up the Aviation Employee Screening and Security Enhancement Act of 2017 and the TSA Administrator Modernization Act of 2017, among other bills. The House Transportation Aviation Subcommittee holds a hearing on “air transportation in the United States in the 21st century.” The Senate Appropriations THUD Subcommittee holds a hearing on “funding our nation’s transportation infrastructure needs.” The Cato Institute hosts a discussion about “setting infrastructure priorities” in Rayburn. The Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association holds its Bob Hoover Trophy Reception. Thursday — A House Natural Resources subcommittee holds a hearing on “improving and expanding infrastructure in tribal and insular communities.” The House Transportation Water Resources Subcommittee holds a hearing on “the role of federal agencies in water infrastructure.” The House Appropriations THUD Subcommittee holds a Members’ Day hearing. WHO WAS THERE: CQ Roll Call’s Jacob Fischler reports the names of the officials who attended a Trump administration meeting on infrastructure last week: Check out the list. AMTRAK ‘COMMITTED’ TO GULF COAST SERVICE: Wick Moorman, the new president and CEO of Amtrak, wrote a letter to the Southern Rail Commission’s chairman reaffirming his corporation’s support for reviving passenger rail service along the Gulf Coast. “We are committed to operating both the long-distance and corridor services on the Gulf Coast route as soon as the necessary funding can be arranged, and the necessary agreements are in place to implement the service,” Moorman wrote. “I am committed along with the rest of the Amtrak team to working with the Commission and the Gulf Coast states to obtain the necessary commitments from the host railroads to determine the capital and operating needs of each service in order to advance all these important projects.” ON THE 13TH SURGE OF SAFETRACK WMATA GAVE TO ME: The latest SafeTrack surge has two phases: one that began Saturday and ends April 1, and another that begins April 2 and ends a week later. During the first phase, trains will single track between the Van Dorn Street and Huntington stops and the Braddock Road station. During the second phase, Yellow Line trains will single track between Huntington and King Street-Old Town. The Washington Post has more here. FIRST IN MT: More than 100 mayors signed on to letters asking lawmakers to turn down any proposal to separate air traffic control operations from the FAA. Among the group: seven mayors from South Dakota, home to Senate Commerce Chairman John Thune, and seven from Florida, home to ranking member Bill Nelson. The House Transportation Committee’s top Democrat, Peter DeFazio, might notice that three Oregon mayors signed on. One Pennsylvania mayor joined the effort against separation: Latrobe Mayor Rosemarie Wolford. But that probably won't stop Shuster from continuing to fight for his ATC overhaul plan. SHIFTING GEARS: Stacey Dion has joined the Carlyle Group as a managing director. Dion was vice president for corporate public policy at Boeing. (h/t POLITICO Influence) THE AUTOBAHN: — "U.S. airport pat-downs are about to get more invasive." Bloomberg. — "EPA expected to reopen vehicle emissions decision: source." Reuters. — "Chao says U.S. drivers may face more tolls to raise infrastructure funds." The Washington Post. — "Koch group warns Trump infrastructure plan could be 'spending boondoggle.'" Bloomberg. — "General Motors to sell European operations for $2.3 billion." The Wall Street Journal. — "Millions at stake as wait to create Metro safety body could last until next year." The Washington Post. — "How Uber deceives the authorities worldwide." The New York Times. — "The 'new normal' for S. Fla. pilots: keeping president's airspace clear on weekends." The Sun Sentinel. — "Notable career ends with sentencing in United Airlines case." The Associated Press. — "German Chancellor Angela Merkel to testify on Volkswagen emissions scandal." The Wall Street Journal. THE COUNTDOWN: DOT appropriations run out in 53 days. The FAA reauthorization expires in 208 days. Highway and transit policy is up for renewal in 1,305 days. « View Archives Authors: Brianna Gurciullo bgurciullo@politico.com @brigurciullo About The Author Brianna Gurciullo is a transportation reporter for POLITICO Pro and the writer of Morning Transportation. Before joining the transportation team, she was an intern at POLITICO, working with POLITICO Influence, breaking news and POLITICO Magazine. Brianna previously interned with Hearst, the Center for Responsive Politics and The Chicago Tribune. She was also a 2015 fellow for investigative reporting initiative News21. An alumna of the George Washington University, Brianna served as editor in chief of The GW Hatchet. Most Read Khizr Khan claims travel privileges under review The disappearing Sean Spicer White House spokeswoman: Trump doesn't believe Comey that Obama didn't wiretap State Dept. staffers have one question: Where’s Rex? Conway blames Trump's wiretap dust-up on 'double standard' Supreme Court showdown about to get real GOP unveils Obamacare replacement amid sharp party divide White House wants it both ways on revised travel ban White House aides try to justify Trump's explosive wiretapping claim ‘Don’t Be So Desperate to Rub up Against Russia’ Morning Transportation - POLITICO Archive Monday, 3/6/17 Friday, 3/3/17 Thursday, 3/2/17 Wednesday, 3/1/17 Tuesday, 2/28/17 View the Full Morning Transportation Archives » Politico Magazine Is Trump’s New Travel Ban Constitutional? By Richard Primus Meet the New Travel Ban, Same as the Old Travel Ban By Daniel Benjamin Manchin in the Middle By Michael Kruse and Burgess Everett Trump’s Tweets Are Exactly Why We Need An Investigation By Mieke Eoyang More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Leasing > Aer Lingus agrees to lease seven A321neo LR aircraft from ALC Aer Lingus agrees to lease seven A321neo LR aircraft from ALC Mar 6, 2017 Aaron Karp EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Rendering of A321neo in Air Lease Corp. livery Airbus Related Media Gallery: Innsbruck Airport brings winter tourists to the the Austrian Alps Advertisement Irish carrier Aer Lingus will lease seven Airbus A321neos with 97-ton maximum take-off weight (MTOW) from Air Lease Corp. (ALC), with deliveries starting in 2019. In 2015, Los Angeles-based ALC made the first commitment to the long-range (LR) version of the A321neo, which will be able to fly around 206 passengers in a two-class layout on routes of up to 4,000 nautical miles. In November 2016, Dublin-based Aer Lingus confirmed it had issued a request for proposals (RFP) for seven A321neo LRs. Under a long-term lease agreement, ALC plans to deliver the first A321neo LR to Aer Lingus in the 2019 second quarter. Two more will be delivered in 2019, followed by four in 2020. ALC said Aer Lingus will operate the A321neo LRs on transatlantic and other routes. “The A321neo LR aircraft leased from ALC will allow Aer Lingus to eventually replace four Boeing 757s, and add more nonstop routes and frequencies to US and Canadian cities,” ALC executive chairman Steven Udvar-Hazy said. Aaron Karp aaron.karp@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Aer Lingus adds Miami route; issues tender for 7 A321neos   Air Lease Corp. is launch customer for A321neo with 97 tonnes MTOW   CEO: Air Astana evaluates A319neo, expects A321neo delivery delay   Azores Airlines to acquire long-range A321neo   Air Lease Corp. firms up order for 30 A321LRs, 25 A330-900neos   Blogs & Commentary Mar 1, 2017 blog 10 good and bad indicators for US aviation under Trump It’s still early days in the US Trump administration, but here’s a few thoughts on the outlook for aviation, good and bad, given what little we have seen and heard so far....More Mar 1, 2017 blog Is European aviation broken? When parking costs more than your flight, it’s clear something is fundamentally wrong with the European airline business model....More Feb 27, 2017 blog Express cargo’s big shift Express cargo companies are scrambling to keep up with the e-commerce monster they helped spawn....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Mar 3, 2017 Article American’s Parker: Gulf carriers threaten US hub-and-spoke system In another indication that there is a renewed push against the expansion of the major Gulf carriers in the US, American Airlines chairman and CEO Doug Parker said he was “highly confident” that the new Trump administration would address the issue....More Mar 3, 2017 Article JetBlue, Alaska, Atlas push back against US majors on Gulf issue The CEOs of JetBlue Airways, Alaska Airlines and Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings continue to push back against American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and United Airlines on the issue of alleged Gulf airline subsidies....More Mar 2, 2017 Article Boeing CEO Muilenburg lauds Trump’s ‘engagement’ with aviation Boeing chairman, president and CEO Dennis Muilenburg praised US President Donald Trump at the US Chamber of Commerce Aviation Summit in Washington DC March 2, describing him as “very much engaged with industry … [with] a great curiosity and a great affinity for airplanes and aerospace.”...More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
