POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us ‘Gyrocopter Guy’ Still Has a Message to Deliver Pence’s Medicaid experiment confounds expectations on the left and right Tillerson's stock rises in the White House Meet the liberal hero who hasn’t given up on Trump Trump's reelection campaign raised $13.2 million in first quarter Trump claims he can’t be sued for inciting rally violence Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print EASTER EDITION -- North Korea’s missile flop -- FIRST IN PLAYBOOK: The White House schedule next week: TOM BRADY coming -- JOHN KELLY leans in on immigration -- KATIE PACKER and RICH BEESON wedding By ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) and JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 04/16/17 10:50 AM EDT Driving the Day Happy Easter! It's absolutely gorgeous today in D.C. Step away from work. All of this will be here when you return. NEWS -- VP MIKE PENCE said at a dinner at U.S. Army Garrison Yongsan in Seoul that the failed North Korean missile test was a “provocation,” per Andrew Beatty of AFP, today’s pooler on Pence’s trip. “Let me assure you that under President Trump’s leadership our resolve has never been stronger, our commitment to this historic alliance with the courageous people of South Korea has never been stronger and with your help and God’s help freedom will ever prevail on this peninsula.” Story Continued Below LEAD OF THE DAY -- WaPo’s ANNA FIFIELD in Tokyo: “With the kind of fanfare that only a totalitarian state can muster, North Korea on Saturday flaunted missiles that can theoretically reach the United States and defiantly stated that it was prepared to counter any U.S. attack with ‘a nuclear war of our own.’ “But it soon looked like a case of style over substance. North Korea somewhat ruined the impression created with the parade, which took place on the most important day of the year for Kim Jong Un’s regime, with a failed missile launch Sunday morning. The ballistic missile was fired from the Sinpo area on the east coast shortly before 6 a.m. local time, U.S. Pacific Command said. It blew up almost immediately, complicating efforts to identify the missile’s size and range.” http://wapo.st/2oAsRwO **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh FIRST IN PLAYBOOK -- THE WHITE HOUSE WEEK AHEAD -- MONDAY: The president goes to the White House Easter egg roll. TUESDAY: The president goes to Wisconsin. WEDNESDAY: The president has a “Veterans Affairs choice event,” and then hosts the New England Patriots at 1:30 p.m. to congratulate them on their Super Bowl win. THURSDAY: Italian PM Paolo Gentiloni will visit the White House and meet with the president. -- NOTES ON THIS WEEK: TOM BRADY is expected at the White House when the Pats come, according to sources familiar with the planning. ... The Italian PM visit to the White House is being viewed internally as important. Italy has the second-largest troop presence in Iraq, so West Wing aides see this as more than a photo op. TRUMP TWEETS -- @realDonaldTrump at 8:18 a.m.: “Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!” … at 8:24 a.m.: “Happy Easter to everyone!” …at 9:07 a.m.: “I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?” … at 9:13 a.m.: “Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!” … at 9:41 a.m.: “Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!” -- NOTE: Trump has held several campaign-style rallies since winning the election. SUNDAY BEST -- CHUCK TODD speaks to HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY JOHN KELLY on NBC’s “MEET THE PRESS” -- TODD: “Let me get into the issue of immigration and your role in it, and this idea of a deportation force. I know you pushed back on this phrase. But there is apparently a plan to hire 10,000 new ICE agents, 5,000 new border patrol agents. What do you call this if not a deportation force?” KELLY: “A law enforcement force. Men and women who will do their jobs in the future as they’ve done them in the past. And that is execute and uphold the nation's laws. There are a huge number, as you know, of illegal aliens or undocumented individuals that have to be dealt with in one way or another. “I would argue, Chuck, that we have to straighten this out. And I place that squarely on the United States Congress. It’s a hugely complex series of laws, and I engage the Hill quite a bit and get an earful about what I should do and what I shouldn't do. But it all comes down to the law, doesn’t it? And we are a nation of laws, and I would hope that the Congress fixes a lot of these problems.” … KELLY: “Homeland Security has not had a good relationship with the press. I am going out of my way. I’ve hired some of the best people I could find. We are leaning forward with the press. I’m sitting here in front of you right now. … We’re doing the same thing with the Hill. The House and Senate. I’ve been over numerous times to sit down with members not only hearings, but members of Congress, the Hispanic Caucus, the Democratic Caucus on the House side. I’m doing the best I can to reach out. You may not agree with what I say, or you may not like the answers I give, but they’re honest, they’re straightforward and they’re all based on the law.” MARTHA RADDATZ speaks to NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER H.R. MCMASTER on ABC’s “THIS WEEK” --RADDATZ: “You know, one of the big concerns here, General McMaster, is how North Korea would respond to aggressive action or some sort of preemptive strike. How do you think they would respond?” MCMASTER: “Well, that’s what particularly difficult about -- about dealing with this regime, is that it is unpredictable. This is someone who has demonstrated his brutality by murdering his own brother, by murdering others in his family, by imprisoning large numbers of people in horrible conditions for no reason, for political reasons. So this regime has given the world reason for concern. And that includes -- that includes the Chinese people and the Chinese leadership as well.” -- MCMASTER on whether more troops are needed in Syria: “That remains to be seen. I don’t think so.” K.T. MCFARLAND speaks to CHRIS WALLACE on “FOX NEWS SUNDAY” -- From Kevin Robillard: “After ‘Fox News Sunday’ host Chris Wallace asked if she was on her way out because Flynn hired her, McFarland issued a corrective: ‘First of all, President Trump hired me. He gave me a call on Thanksgiving Day.’ "‘Gen. Flynn has departed, and Gen. McMaster has arrived,’ she said. ‘I've helped through that transition and the president and I have had a number of conversations over the last two months, really, about what my role will continue to be and where I could be best used, for what his vision is of foreign policy. I can tell you we talked about it again last night, and there are changes coming. But I’m not going to tell you what they are.’” http://politi.co/2oDBHvf -- McFarland also declined to say whether the U.S. meddled in the North Korea missile test. ****** A message from UC Davis: At UC Davis, unusual collaborations in veterinary medicine, human health and engineering lead to groundbreaking treatments for beloved pets and other animals, from furry to feathered. Those breakthroughs lead to translatable human medicine. It’s a One Health approach that benefits the health of all. Learn more at 21stcentury.ucdavis.edu. ****** JAKE TAPPER speaks with SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-Vt.) on “STATE OF THE UNION” -- TAPPER: “Kansas and Georgia are red states. You’re on this red state tour that is going to kick off tomorrow. But just this week, a Democrat you supported lost an election for a special House seat election in Kansas. Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff is seeking to fill in Georgia a seat vacated by the now secretary of health and human services, Secretary Dr. Tom Price in Georgia. Are you concerned that the DNC -- they’re doing this big red state tour with you, but a lot of people criticized the DNC for not sending enough resources to Kansas. So, it’s great that they’re doing this display.” SANDERS: “... [W]hat I think has happened now, in Kansas, it is true that the Democratic candidate lost. It is true that the Democratic Party should have put more resources into that election. But it is also true that he ran 20 points better than the -- than the Democratic candidate for president did in Kansas.” … TAPPER: “Senator, I want to ask you about this horrific incident last week in which a passenger was dragged off a United flight after refusing to give up his seat voluntarily. Democratic Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky of Illinois, she is planning to introduce legislation that would ban airlines from being able to involuntarily bump passengers from flights. Airlines say that this kind of congressional meddling could -- meddling could result in much higher fares for consumers. What do you think Congress should do?” SANDERS: “Well, I think anybody who flies a lot -- and, as a United States senator, I fly a lot -- knows how dysfunctional, in many respects, the airlines are. They know that there are many, many delays that are caused not because of weather, but because of inappropriate practices on the part of the airlines. This overbooking, which caused this particular problem, is not unique. I have been on airlines many, many times where people have been asked to leave. And I think what we do need is to take a hard look at the airlines in this country and make them much more responsive to the consumers than they currently are. In terms of pricing, I mean, you can have two people on an airline, one is spending twice as much as another person. So, the idea of taking a hard look at airline travel and, by the way, the consolidation of ownership in the airline industry is something that I think would be a very useful effort.” PALACE INTRIGUE -- “Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump: Pillars of Family-Driven West Wing,” by Peter Baker, Glenn Thrush and Maggie Haberman on A1 of the NYT: “More openly than any president before him, Mr. Trump is running his West Wing like a family business, and as he has soured on Mr. Bannon, his combative chief strategist, he has turned to his daughter and son-in-law. Their ascendance has some conservative supporters fretting about the rising influence of the urbane young New Yorkers, as some moderates and liberals swallow concerns about nepotism in the hope that the couple will temper the temperamental president. … “Lately, he has pushed to overhaul the criminal justice system, a goal that Mr. Trump embraced as a candidate near the end of the campaign when he tried to siphon black voters away from Hillary Clinton. But Mr. Kushner is running into opposition from Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who favors toughening, not relaxing, mandatory minimum sentences. ... “When Ms. Trump does intervene, her father listens -- although he does not always take her advice. One person close to the family described her influence as a delayed-action fuse: At times the president will mention a point Ms. Trump made, uncredited, days later. ... “Mr. Trump would prefer the situation with Mr. Bannon to stabilize, according to people familiar with his thinking, and to keep Mr. Bannon on board, albeit in a more circumscribed role, than see him become a populist critic outside the gates. Mr. Bannon intuitively understands the president’s connection to white working-class voters and his instinct to demolish political norms.” http://nyti.ms/2plSggy OBSERVATION KING MATT NUSSBAUM -- “Has Trump found religion in the Oval Office?: The president is mentioning God more than ever during his public appearances”: “President Donald Trump has increasingly infused references to God into his prepared remarks -- calling on God to bless all the world after launching strikes in Syria, asking God to bless the newest Supreme Court Justice, invoking the Lord to argue in favor of a war on opioids.” http://politi.co/2p7us03 FOR YOUR RADAR -- “Turks vote in historic referendum on expanding Erdogan’s power,” by Reuters’ Tuvan Gumrukcu and Humeyra Pamuk: “Turks cast their votes in a referendum on Sunday that would give sweeping new powers to President Tayyip Erdogan and herald the most radical change to the country’s political system in its modern history. Opinion polls have shown a narrow lead for a ‘Yes’ vote, which would replace Turkey’s parliamentary democracy with an all-powerful presidency and may see Erdogan in office until at least 2029. The outcome will also shape Turkey’s strained relations with the European Union. The NATO member state has curbed the flow of migrants - mainly refugees from wars in Syria and Iraq - into the bloc but Erdogan says he may review the deal after the vote.” http://reut.rs/2ppCpKS FOR THE HILL -- “4 takeaways from the town halls terrorizing the GOP,” by Kyle Cheney and Rachael Bade: “Republicans eager to flee Capitol Hill after squandering weeks on failed negotiations to repeal Obamacare are finding little refuge at home, where furious throngs of liberal constituents await. Halfway through the two-week Easter break, it’s clear that the energy on the left to protect Barack Obama’s health law — and oppose President Donald Trump — is still soaring. … POLITICO reporters traveled to nearly a dozen town halls to document the tumultuous homecoming Republicans faced. Here are four takeaways from Congress’ first week on the road, with reporting from Colorado, Florida, Ohio, Oregon, New Jersey, New York and Texas. … 1) Republican AHCA critics sharpened their skepticism of the bill … 2) The House GOP’s civil war is getting noticed beyond the Beltway … 3) Republicans have gotten better at handling hostile crowds … 4) Taking on Trump is a winner for Republicans.” http://politi.co/2oN0ZYj DEMS’ TAKE ON GEORGIA SPECIAL -- The much-watched special election for HHS Secretary Tom Price's House seat is Tuesday. Republicans have more than a dozen candidates running, and Democrats have coalesced around Jon Ossoff. If Ossoff clears the 50 percent mark, there will be a June runoff. Democrats are selling Ossoff's inability to close the deal as a win. Their thinking: Ossoff will finish first with more than 40 percent of the vote and be in a strong position for the runoff. “The extent to which Republicans will stay home or defect, and that Democrats will turn out, is unknown. We are in uncharted special election territory,” emailed one Democrat involved in the race. “There are 18 candidates splitting the vote – including 4 other Democrats - so it will be hard for anyone to win outright, regardless of their popularity.” TRUMP’S WASHINGTON -- “Trump’s Beyoncé-free Easter Egg Roll,” by Nancy Cook: “Last year’s White House Easter egg roll featured a surprise visit from Beyoncé; athletes from the NBA and Washington Redskins; and a performance by actress and singer Idina Menzel, the voice behind that catchy song from the movie ‘Frozen.’ This year, the big act for the Trump administration is the Martin Family Circus, a six-person family band from Nashville that’s driving up to D.C. for the annual event in an RV. “President Trump spent weeks comparing the size of his inauguration crowds to President Obama’s, yet for the White House’s first big public event -- the Easter egg roll -- officials have gone out of their way to lower expectations. While last year’s crowd was estimated at about 37,000 people, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters that only 21,000 are expected on Monday -- though the White House has ordered 18,000 eggs, ‘in line with past years,’ according to Spicer, who participated in the event as the Easter Bunny in 2008.” http://politi.co/2p7r2dY THE JUICE … -- “THE CIRCUS” SNEAK PEEK: MARK HALPERIN visited the Marist Institute for Public Opinion after President Donald Trump bombed Syria. The show airs tonight at 8 p.m. on Showtime. 4-min. video http://bit.ly/2nR9ti0 -- CNN’s DAN MERICA profiles Keith Schiller, Donald Trump’s longtime bodyguard and, as one former top campaign aide put it, the “most underestimated person on Trump’s team.” http://cnn.it/2oAAMtS SNL LAST NIGHT – “Donald Trump Cold Open” – In the Oval Office -- Trump (played by Alec Baldwin): “Look around Mike, we’ve had such great memories in this room.” Mike Pence (Beck Bennett): “Oh, if these walls could talk.” Trump: “Oh my God! Can they? Wasn’t me!” Pence: “Ooh, oh, no sir that’s just a saying.” Trump: “Like I was saying, so many memories in this room. This is where I met with the Chinese president.” Pence: “That was at Mar-a-Lago sir.” Trump: “This is where I ordered the Syrian strike.” Pence: “That was also at Mar-a-Lago sir.” Trump: “This is where I showed classified information to the Japanese prime minister.” Pence: “That was in front of a bunch of waiters at Mar-a-Lago, sir.” Trump: “Well, I know one thing that was here for sure. Remember when I refused to shake the hand of that little German boy?” Pence: “Hmm ... you mean Angela Merkel?” Trump: “Whatever his name was. The point is these 100 days have been such a success and I’m so sad is finally coming to an end.” Pence: “No sir, you still have over 1300 days left.” Trump: “I don’t know. Have you seen my tweets about North Korea? This could all be over by Monday.” 6-min. video – Jimmy Fallon plays Jared later in the segment http://bit.ly/2oDIK7l --“Easter Message from Sean Spicer” – Spicer in an Easter Egg costume (played by Melissa McCarthy): “Now in defending the President’s decision, unlike Syrian leader, umm, the leader of, what is his stupid name? I got Bazooka Felicia Ahmad Rashad. At least Hitler never used chemical weapons. And everyone freaked. They were all like, ‘boo-hoo, boo-hoo, what about the Holocaust centers?’ And yeah, I know they’re not really called Holocaust centers. Duh! I know that. I’m aware. I clearly meant to say concentration clubs. ... P.S.: you should know I am sensitive to the fact that they were sent there on trains. At least they didn’t have to fly United, am I right?” 4-min. video http://bit.ly/2p7DJp3 Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: A pro-Donald Trump supporter is taken into custody by police during competing demonstrations at Martin Luther King Jr. Civic Center Park in Berkeley, California on April 15. | Anda Chu/San Jose Mercury News via AP 2020 IS HERE! -- “The 2020 New Hampshire primary has begun,” by the Boston Globe’s James Pindell: “Over a week in late April, three potential 2020 candidates will be in the state that traditionally hosts the nation’s first presidential primary. Ohio Governor John Kasich, a Republican, will stop to promote his new book. Former vice president Joe Biden will address Democrats at their annual fund-raising dinner. And former Maryland governor Martin O’Malley will speak at Democratic activities in three towns. … “State Senator Lou D’Allesandro, a Democrat, said that O’Malley, ‘e-mails me all the time, but he just doesn’t connect with people for some reason.’ D’Allesandro is currently intrigued by US Senator Mark Warner of Virginia. He spoke with him via phone last week to discuss the impact of Trump’s budget on the Granite State (D’Allesandro called Warner — not the other way around). D’Allesandro said he has also been in contact with former New Mexico governor Bill Richardson, who ran for president in 2008. And D’Allesandro is especially excited to hear Biden’s message in the state later in the month. ‘What Joe has always understood is that we as a party have to connect to the working-class people and get them to believe that we are working for them. That did not happen in the last presidential election,’ said [D’Allesandro].” http://bit.ly/2oAxJlu BUSINESS BURST -- “Older Workers Challenge Firms’ Aggressive Pursuit of the Young,” by WSJ’s Jacob Gershman: “PricewaterhouseCoopers bills itself as the ‘place to work for millennials,’ who have taken jobs and internships with the accounting giant in droves. The firm annually recruits thousands of newly minted college graduates. The firm’s aggressive pursuit of youth is now the focus of a class-action suit, part of an emerging wave of litigation that is both testing the boundaries of age-discrimination liability and casting a legal cloud over college recruitment programs. Employment lawsuits alleging age bias aren’t new and are usually brought by fired employees. Cases like the one against PwC allege discrimination against job applicants, whose civil rights involve a surprisingly unsettled area of law.” http://on.wsj.com/2oDyuMb JUSTICE WATCH -- “‘Apprentice’ contestant, Sen. Cotton pal emerge as Trumpworld favorites for top South Florida prosecutor job,” by Florida Playbook author Marc Caputo: “Two young Cuban-American Republicans from Miami are leading contenders to be South Florida’s top federal prosecutor in what, sources tell POLITICO, is one of the most important federal jurisdictions to Donald Trump because it covers his home away from the White House, Mar-a-Lago. Both state Rep. Jose Felix ‘Pepi’ Diaz, 37, and John Couriel, 39, have interviewed with the Justice Department and were recommended, along with longtime attorney Jon Sale, for the Southern District of Florida U.S. Attorney post by Florida Sen. Marco Rubio ... Diaz is seen by some as a slight favorite because he has had a personal relationship with the president since 2006 when he was a contestant on Trump’s TV show, ‘The Apprentice.’” http://politi.co/2ppGejg IF YOU READ ONE THING -- NYT A1, “With Trump Appointees, a Raft of Potential Conflicts and ‘No Transparency,’” by Eric Lipton, Ben Protess and Andrew W. Lehren: “President Trump is populating the White House and federal agencies with former lobbyists, lawyers and consultants who in many cases are helping to craft new policies for the same industries in which they recently earned a paycheck. The potential conflicts are arising across the executive branch ... In at least two cases, the appointments may have already led to violations of the administration’s own ethics rules. But evaluating if and when such violations have occurred has become almost impossible because the Trump administration is secretly issuing waivers to the rules. ... “In several cases, officials in the Trump administration now hold the exact jobs they targeted as lobbyists or lawyers in the past two years. Trump White House officials had over 300 recent corporate clients and employers, including Apple, the giant hedge fund Citadel and the insurance titan Anthem, according to a Times analysis of financial disclosures. (The White House has released disclosures for only about half of its roughly 180 current senior political employees.) And there are more than 40 former lobbyists in the White House and the broader federal government.” http://nyti.ms/2ogcmVu ****** A message from UC Davis: Ranked first in the world for veterinary medicine, UC Davis believes collaborating across disciplines in animal, human and environmental health is the best way to advance the health of all creatures great and small. Using this “One Health” approach to problem solving, our research — much of which is federally funded — is resulting in cost-saving, translatable treatments for cancer, breakthroughs in stem cell therapy, increased awareness and management of emerging zoonotic diseases, better protection for endangered species, and comprehensive responses to environmental crises like oil spills and floods. Learn more about UC Davis health innovation at 21stcentury.ucdavis.edu. ****** GET SMART FAST -- WILLIAM J. PERRY in Politico Magazine, “How to Make a Deal With North Korea: Escalating tensions have made a diplomatic solution possible. It might be the last chance we have”: “The danger is not, as some believe, that North Korea will make good on its bluster and actually launch a surprise nuclear attack. The North Korean leadership, while it is evil and sometimes reckless, is not crazy or suicidal. Their primary goal is to sustain the Kim dynasty and, against all odds, they have shrewdly succeeded in that for many decades. They know that if they launch a nuclear attack, the American response would bring death to them and devastation to their country. “The primary danger instead is that North Korea might overplay its hand and provoke a military response from South Korea. This could quickly expand into a larger conventional war, inevitably involving the United States, which has almost 30,000 troops based in South Korea. North Korea would lose such a war, and as the leadership sees their regime collapsing, they might then launch their nuclear weapons in one last desperate move—a Korean Armageddon. Our diplomacy should be tailored to prevent that catastrophic outcome.” http://politi.co/2ojJ5Zz WHAT JAKE AND BOB COSTA ARE READING -- “California Journal: Deadheads aren’t the only ones who’ll enjoy this ‘Long Strange Trip,’” by the L.A. Times’ Robin Abcarian: “I can’t imagine that anyone will walk away from ‘Long Strange Trip,’ Amir Bar-Lev’s remarkable four-hour documentary about the Grateful Dead, without a newfound appreciation for the band’s music and its place in American popular culture.” http://lat.ms/2ojBV7x BONUS GREAT HOLIDAY WEEKEND READS, curated by Daniel Lippman: --“Do Aliens Have Inalienable Rights?” by Peter Singer in Nautilus Magazine: “What ET teaches us about our moral obligations.” http://bit.ly/2og7xuB --“Hunting Child Predators with Canada’s Freelance Vigilantes,” by Suzy Khimm in Esquire: “The Creep Hunters want to prove that it’s possible to be ethical avengers—venturing out of normal civilian life to rid the world of darkness without crossing the line themselves.” http://bit.ly/2ojKA9R --“What My Stroke Taught Me,” by Lauren Marks in Nautilus Magazine: “It was not just my external language that was ailing. My inner monologue, my self-directed speech, had also gone almost completely mute. In its place was the radiant Quiet. The nourishing Quiet. The illuminating Quiet. I was experiencing a near-constant sensation of interconnectedness, but my observations often lacked specific categories and dimensions. It was all happening to me and through me, but not necessarily because of me.” http://bit.ly/2pBGgnA --“Who are the new jihadis?” by Olivier Roy in The Guardian: “The systematic association with death is one of the keys to understanding today’s radicalisation: the nihilist dimension is central. What seduces and fascinates is the idea of pure revolt. Violence is not a means. It is an end in itself.” http://bit.ly/2p3Zw0Z (h/t TheBrowser.com) --“The Syria Catastrophe,” by Richard Beck in n+1 magazine: “The response required at this late, desperate stage is neither anti-Assad nor anti-ISIS nor even anti-imperialist — it is antiwar.” http://bit.ly/2pBO8Wj --“Letter From a Drowned Canyon,” by Rebecca Solnit in California Sunday: “The story of water in the West, climate change, and the birth of modern environmentalism lies at the bottom of Lake Powell.” http://bit.ly/2oIjFss --“Margaret Atwood, the Prophet of Dystopia,” by The New Yorker’s Rebecca Mead: “Her fiction has imagined societies riddled with misogyny, oppression, and environmental havoc. These visions now feel all too real.” http://bit.ly/2nNwtOZ --“The End of Independent Film As We Know It,” by Sean Fennessey in The Ringer: “Twenty-five years ago, films emerging from festivals like Sundance disrupted the movie business, producing subversive filmmakers like Quentin Tarantino and insurgent forces like Miramax. Now, thanks to Amazon and Netflix, the disruption is coming for the indies. Filmmakers talk about the shift, and what it means for the future of movies.” http://bit.ly/2pfXCtO --“We Have Found the Cure! (Sort Of...),” by Taffy Brodesser-Akner in Outside Magazine: “Spa treatments have gotten wild in recent years, especially in Southern California, where women pay big bucks for radical remedies like colonics, juice fasts, and a Gwyneth Paltrow fave—the life-changing V-steam. Taffy Brodesser-Akner dons a satin robe and asks: If this is the path to happiness, why am I so freaked out?” http://bit.ly/2ofOtwJ --“The Dark Secret at the Heart of AI,” by Will Knight in Technology Review: “No one really knows how the most advanced algorithms do what they do. That could be a problem.” http://bit.ly/2ocQiv1 --“Mike Judge, the Bard of Suck,” by Willy Staley in the N.Y. Times Magazine: “From ‘Idiocracy’ to ‘Silicon Valley,’ the writer and director has established himself as America’s foremost chronicler of its own self-destructive tendencies.” http://nyti.ms/2ovAOU2 --“High Tech Cowboys of the Deep Seas: The Race to Save the Cougar Ace,” by Joshua Davis in February 2008’s Wired – per Longform’s description: “An oddball team of ship salvagers is tasked with uprighting a tipped two-football-field-long cargo ship before it sinks into the darkness of Alaska’s Aleutian Islands.” http://bit.ly/2og12rQ --“The Mastermind Behind Coachella,” by John Seabrook in The New Yorker: “How Paul Tollett wrangles the biggest artists in the world into performing in the California desert.” http://bit.ly/2pgeccI --“The World’s 50 Best Restaurants Get by With a Lot of Unpaid Labor,” by Corey Mintz in Eater Magazine: “Without a significant volunteer staff, many prestigious restaurants could not function.” http://bit.ly/2pgje9s (h/t Longreads.com) Playbookers SPOTTED -- NBA legend and Atlanta Hawks executive vice president Dominique Wilkins yesterday smoking a cigar outside the Ritz Carlton in the West End. He was sitting with Tim Hardaway, the former NBA all-star and father of Tim Hardaway Jr., the Atlanta Hawk. … D.C. real estate mainstay Terri Robinson celebrating her 80th birthday at Cafe Milano … Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, wife Renda and family at Harry’s Restaurant Saturday afternoon. Tillerson enjoyed a chicken salad sandwich. WEEKEND WEDDINGS -- RICH BEESON, partner at FLS Connect and a Rubio, Romney and RNC alum, and KATIE PACKER, partner at Burning Glass Consulting and a Romney-Ryan alum, got married in Silverthorne, Colorado, on April 8 and New Smyrna Beach, Florida, yesterday. In Colorado they were married at the ranch of Bruce and Marcy Benson. Bruce is the president of University of Colorado and a former GOP candidate for governor in Colorado (Rich previously worked for him). Marcy was in the Reagan and Bush 41 White House. New Smyrna Beach is where Katie’s family has vacationed for years. They were joined by Rich’s kids, parents and sister and her whole family. Pics http://bit.ly/2ogabl6 ... http://bit.ly/2ojDwu7 ... http://bit.ly/2oMSNXZ --“Alexandra Utsey and Christopher Jones: He Got the Job. They Got Each Other,” by NYT’s Vincent M. Mallozzi: “The bride, who is 30 ... is an Asia-Pacific adviser in the office of the defense secretary in Arlington, Va. She graduated summa cum laude from Washington and Lee University, and received a master’s in public affairs from Princeton. ... The groom, also 30, works in Washington as the legislative director for Representative Rick Crawford, Republican of Arkansas. He graduated from the University of North Carolina at Wilmington and received a law degree from George Mason University. ... Ms. Utsey and Mr. Jones met in January 2010 at a bar in Georgetown, shortly after interviewing for the same staff job in Congress; it went to the groom.” With pic http://nyti.ms/2pFkFuu BIRTHWEEK (was yesterday): DHS’s Jason Lamote, the pride of Springfield, Minn. (hat tip: James Owens) BIRTHDAYS: former Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken, celebrating with his band mates - Jay Carney, Eli Attie, Dave McKenna, and Dave Segal - in a local recording studio -- they have a tradition of changing the name every time they record. A recent name was “Big Lunch.” Special guest appearance in studio today: Sen. Al Franken ... Cantor alum Doug Heye, the pride of Lewisville, N.C. and a leading oenophile – he’s celebrating at a cookout with John Scofield who is converting to Catholicism over the weekend. He will then join Sara and Ron Bonjean, Matt Dornic and Kyle Volpe in Playa del Carmen, Mexico for the 75th annual spring meeting of the Magicians’ Alliance (h/t Ron) ... Ann Romney is 68, celebrating Easter and her birthday with family in California ... Patriots coach Bill Belichick is 65 ... Emeritus Pope Benedict XVI is 9-0 ... Scott Pastrick, president and CEO of Prime Policy Group and President Clinton’s DNC Treasurer, is 62 ... Chuck DeFeo, VP of products at i360, an RNC and Bush-Cheney alum and the pride of Kansas City, is 43 ... Rep. John Delaney (D-Md.) is 54 ... Jason Embry ... Sally-Shannon Birkel, U.S. Chamber of Commerce senior manager of media relations … Morgan Jones, LD to Rep. Donald Norcross (D-NJ) ... Bradley Beychok, senior adviser and COS to David Brock, is 35 (h/ts Jon Haber) ... Matt Duckworth, VP of gov’t relations at Hart Health Strategies, is 31 ... Virginia Coyne, executive editor at Washington Life Magazine ... Fran Holuba, founder of Chief Social Architects (h/ts Anastasia Dellaccio and Ben Chang) … Deborah Zabarenko ... A Reuters trio: Andy Sullivan, Frances Kerry, and Anthony Boadle (h/t Ginger Gibson) ... Zack Hubbard ... former Veteran Affairs Secretary Anthony Principi is 73 … ... Heather Purcell, press secretary for Rep. Ro Khanna (D-Calif.) ... Nick McGee, comms director for Rep. Larry Bucshon ... Antonio Armendáriz, press secretary for regional and specialty media for the House Democratic Caucus ... former Rep. Cliff Stearns (R-Fla.) is 76 ... American University sophomore Paige Pearson, a Schumer alum (h/t Colby Bermel) ... lawyer Fred Graefe ... Arezu Kay ... Tori O’Neal-McElrath, VP of Demos (h/t Kelley McCormick) ... Sarah Wolfson ... Politico’s Aubree Abril ... Ramona Oliver, senior director of the NEA’s Center for Communications ... Ted Anthony, director of AP’s Asia-Pacific news ... NBC News’ Mosheh Gains ... Paolo Sacco of Ristorante Tosca … Jess Fuhrman … Obama CEA alum Andie Taverna … Lynn Schnurnberger ... Stephen Kessler … Geoff Middleberg, principal of Dark Horse Strategy Group (h/t Josh Brown) ... Christopher Finan, CEO and co-founder of Manifold Technology ... Amy Kaslow ... Brett Coughlin … Josh Goldstein … Matt Duckworth ... Brian Bravo is 36 ... Annie Bardach ... Jim Hollis ... Howard Bauleke ... Jess Fuhrman ... Arlene Branca … Mary Tabor (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) … Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is 7-0 ... Martin Lawrence is 52 (h/ts AP) ****** A message from UC Davis: Ranked first in the world for veterinary medicine, UC Davis believes collaborating across disciplines in animal, human and environmental health is the best way to advance the health of all creatures great and small. Using this “One Health” approach to problem solving, our research — much of which is federally funded — is resulting in cost-saving, translatable treatments for cancer, breakthroughs in stem cell therapy, increased awareness and management of emerging zoonotic diseases, better protection for endangered species, and comprehensive responses to environmental crises like oil spills and floods. Learn more about UC Davis health innovation at 21stcentury.ucdavis.edu. ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Playbook - POLITICO Archive Sunday, 4/16/17 Saturday, 4/15/17 Friday, 4/14/17 Thursday, 4/13/17 Wednesday, 4/12/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine Is Georgia Poised for a Democratic Upset? By Rebecca Burns Who Cares if Trump Is Religious? By Michael Shermer How to Make a Deal With North Korea By William J. Perry Just What Is Trump Trying to Do in Syria? By Daniel Benjamin and Steven Simon More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Visa Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Quadrature Capital Ltd Decreases Position in Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP Buys New Stake in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN Takes Position in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Norges Bank Takes Position in Materion Corp (MTRN) Norges Bank Purchases New Position in CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Norges Bank Acquires Shares of 577,017 Colony Starwood Homes (SFR) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Sells 14,307 Shares of Visa Inc (V) Norges Bank Purchases New Stake in Park National Co. (PRK) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Quanta Services Inc Issued By DA Davidson (PWR) Market Vectors Oil Services ETF Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (OIH) Short Interest in New Gold Inc. (NGD) Grows By 24.1% Sustainable Insight Capital Management LLC Invests $1.193 Million in Intel Co. (INTC) Barings LLC Sells 27,200 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Bridgeworth LLC Buys New Stake in Walt Disney Co (DIS) Cigna Investments Inc. New Buys New Position in Facebook Inc (FB) AQR Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) L & S Advisors Inc Purchases Shares of 293,311 Facebook Inc (FB) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $735,000 Stake in Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Reduces Position in Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc (HLX) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Sells 14,307 Shares of Visa Inc (V) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Westwood Holdings Group Inc. decreased its position in shares of Visa Inc (NYSE:V) by 16.4% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 72,720 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock after selling 14,307 shares during the period. Westwood Holdings Group Inc.’s holdings in Visa were worth $5,673,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares in the last quarter. Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC boosted its position in Visa by 143.2% in the third quarter. Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC now owns 13,776 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $1,139,000 after buying an additional 8,111 shares in the last quarter. Aviva PLC boosted its position in Visa by 22.7% in the fourth quarter. Aviva PLC now owns 1,479,984 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $115,690,000 after buying an additional 273,449 shares in the last quarter. Girard Partners LTD. boosted its position in Visa by 13.2% in the third quarter. Girard Partners LTD. now owns 71,224 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $5,890,000 after buying an additional 8,308 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its position in Visa by 4.1% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 538,495 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $44,534,000 after buying an additional 21,149 shares in the last quarter. 80.14% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Visa Inc (NYSE:V) opened at 88.87 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $88.99 and its 200 day moving average price is $83.53. Visa Inc has a 52-week low of $73.25 and a 52-week high of $92.05. The company has a market cap of $206.54 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.45 and a beta of 1.00. Visa (NYSE:V) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The credit-card processor reported $0.86 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.78 by $0.08. The company had revenue of $4.46 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.29 billion. Visa had a return on equity of 26.48% and a net margin of 38.30%. Visa’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.69 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Visa Inc will post $3.32 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Sells 14,307 Shares of Visa Inc (V)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/westwood-holdings-group-inc-sells-14307-shares-of-visa-inc-v.html. V has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Vetr cut Visa from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $80.76 price target on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “top pick” rating and issued a $99.00 price target on shares of Visa in a report on Friday, January 6th. Wedbush raised Visa from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $77.00 to $96.00 in a report on Friday, January 20th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $93.00 price target on shares of Visa in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lowered their price target on Visa from $105.00 to $93.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, February 3rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-eight have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $95.46. In other Visa news, EVP William M. Sheedy sold 125,372 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.74, for a total transaction of $10,749,395.28. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 365,769 shares in the company, valued at $31,361,034.06. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP James H. Hoffmeister sold 11,139 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.95, for a total value of $957,397.05. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 6,390 shares in the company, valued at approximately $549,220.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.14% of the company’s stock. About Visa Visa Inc (Visa) is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding V? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Visa Inc (NYSE:V). Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glassman Wealth Services Has $671,000 Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Sold by Glg LLC Sciencast Management LP Has $441,000 Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Hilltop Holdings Inc. Boosts Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Sciencast Management LP Invests $435,000 in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Girard Securities Inc. Has $1.127 Million Stake in General Electric Company (GE) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stake Increased by Azimuth Capital Management LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Sells 48,900 Shares of Citi Trends, Inc. (CTRN) TransAct Technologies Incorporated (TACT) Position Raised by Renaissance Technologies LLC Noven Financial Group Inc. Raises Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. (AGM) Stake Increased by State Street Corp Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Buys 27,755 Shares of Sabre Corp (SABR) Short Interest in Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Decreases By 0.6% Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Short Interest Update Wedbush Comments on USG Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (USG) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Lifted by KeyCorp Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Short Interest Update First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) Shares Bought by State Street Corp State Street Corp Acquires 16,436 Shares of New Relic Inc (NEWR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $242,000 Stake in William Lyon Homes (WLH) Sciencast Management LP Has $441,000 Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sciencast Management LP lowered its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 55.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 5,108 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 6,476 shares during the period. Sciencast Management LP’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $441,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Empirical Finance LLC purchased a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $144,000. Hemenway Trust Co LLC purchased a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $146,000. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 82.2% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 2,217 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vigilant Capital Management LLC raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 21.6% in the third quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC now owns 2,528 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $168,000 after buying an additional 449 shares during the last quarter. 73.65% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 84.40 on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 1-year low of $57.05 and a 1-year high of $93.98. The stock has a market cap of $300.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.63 and a beta of 1.49. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $89.20 and its 200-day moving average price is $81.87. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. The company had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.35 earnings per share. Analysts predict that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.59 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of $0.50 per share. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.37%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 4th. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s payout ratio is currently 31.02%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/sciencast-management-lp-has-441000-stake-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. JPM has been the topic of several research reports. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $94.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. FBR & Co reissued a “buy” rating and set a $85.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Drexel Hamilton reissued a “buy” rating and set a $78.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and set a $73.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reissued a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating, seventeen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $80.47. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $5,510,924.55. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 237,466 shares in the company, valued at $19,868,780.22. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 6,728 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $84.16, for a total value of $566,228.48. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 115,938 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,757,342.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 202,699 shares of company stock worth $17,009,515. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First of Long Island Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First of Long Island Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) Shares Bought by State Street Corp State Street Corp Acquires 16,436 Shares of New Relic Inc (NEWR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $242,000 Stake in William Lyon Homes (WLH) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in AV Homes Inc (AVHI) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 16,573 TFS Financial Co. (TFSL) 12,091 Shares in M/I Homes Inc (MHO) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $259,000 Stake in Carbonite Inc (CARB) Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Stake Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Northfield Bancorp, Inc. (NFBK) Stake Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Skyworks Solutions Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (SWKS) Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Progressive Corp (PGR) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Nabriva Therapeutics AG – (NBRV) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest CBOE Volatility Index Sees Unusually High Options Volume (VIX) Gilead Sciences, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.42 Per Share, Leerink Swann Forecasts (GILD) Short Interest in Ring Energy (REI) Expands By 15.0% Ensco Plc (ESV) Bond Prices Rise 1.6% Paramount Gold Nevada Corp (PZG) Short Interest Up 48.7% in March Invesco Ltd. Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.55 Per Share (IVZ) Johnson & Johnson Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.77 Per Share (JNJ) First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) Shares Bought by State Street Corp April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp raised its position in First of Long Island Corp (NASDAQ:FLIC) by 67.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 380,042 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 152,823 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in First of Long Island Corp were worth $10,850,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors have also bought and sold shares of FLIC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in First of Long Island Corp by 0.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 238,511 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,907,000 after buying an additional 708 shares during the period. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its stake in First of Long Island Corp by 0.7% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 153,680 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,094,000 after buying an additional 1,055 shares during the period. Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. increased its stake in First of Long Island Corp by 3.9% in the third quarter. Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 119,692 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,968,000 after buying an additional 4,495 shares during the period. Boston Partners increased its stake in First of Long Island Corp by 5.6% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 87,660 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,906,000 after buying an additional 4,620 shares during the period. Finally, Chilton Investment Co. LLC increased its stake in First of Long Island Corp by 19.3% in the third quarter. Chilton Investment Co. LLC now owns 76,698 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,543,000 after buying an additional 12,399 shares during the period. 34.16% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. First of Long Island Corp (NASDAQ:FLIC) opened at 25.85 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $617.84 million, a PE ratio of 19.29 and a beta of 0.74. First of Long Island Corp has a one year low of $25.08 and a one year high of $40.40. The company’s 50-day moving average is $26.91 and its 200-day moving average is $29.60. First of Long Island Corp (NASDAQ:FLIC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The company reported $0.31 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.35 by $0.04. First of Long Island Corp had a net margin of 26.94% and a return on equity of 10.47%. On average, analysts forecast that First of Long Island Corp will post $1.46 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 17th were paid a $0.14 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 15th. This represents a $0.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.17%. First of Long Island Corp’s payout ratio is currently 42.32%. WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/first-of-long-island-corp-flic-shares-bought-by-state-street-corp.html. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on FLIC shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of First of Long Island Corp from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $33.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “hold” rating and set a $27.50 price objective on shares of First of Long Island Corp in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. About First of Long Island Corp The First of Long Island Corporation is a one-bank holding company. The Company provides financial services through its subsidiary, The First National Bank of Long Island (the Bank). Its services include account reconciliation services, bank by mail, personal money orders, bill payment, remote deposit, cash management services, safe deposit boxes, collection services securities transactions, controlled disbursement accounts, signature guarantee services, drive-through banking, merchant credit card services, and investment management and trust services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FLIC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First of Long Island Corp (NASDAQ:FLIC). Receive News & Ratings for First of Long Island Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First of Long Island Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York HNA scores $1.75B loan for 245 Park buy JPMorgan Chase leads consortium of lenders April 12, 2017 08:32AM 245 Park Avenue and HNA Group’s Chen Feng (Credit: Richter Frank-Jurgen via Flickr) HNA Group is funding its blockbuster acquisition of 245 Park Avenue with a $1.75 billion loan from a consortium of banks led by JPMorgan Chase. The Chinese conglomerate agreed to buy the 1.8-million-square-foot office tower from Brookfield Property Partners and the New York State Teachers’ Retirement System for $2.21 billion, as The Real Deal first reported. According to Commercial Mortgage Alert, JPMorgan is providing 25 percent of the loan with the rest coming from Deutsche Bank, Barclays, Natixis and Societe Generale. The new loan, brokered by CBRE and Cooper-Horowitz, replaces a $800 million Bank of China mortgage on the property. Last week, HNA broke the New York City record for priciest townhouse sale when it bought the Wildenstein mansion at 19 East 64th Street for $79.5 million. The firm plans to convert the property into an office. [CMA via REW] — Konrad Putzier Tags: Brookfield Property Partners, HNA Property Group, JPMorgan Chase, Real Estate Finance Short URL Print Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Popular Are rental landlords shooting themselves in the foot with big concessions? WATCH: NYC real estate’s week in numbers Brooklyn leads pack in new resi plans, but city lags behind last year Manhattan BP Brewer recommends lowering minimum price of Midtown East air rights LeFrak sells Rego Park office building to tenant for $140M More Stories Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 Sections News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Why Did Wells Fargo Shares Tumble on Thursday? Shares of Wells Fargo fell more than 3% after the bank reported first-quarter earnings. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Apr 16, 2017 at 10:11AM Shares of Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) led bank stocks lower on Thursday, ending the day more than 3% down after the bank reported first-quarter earnings that narrowly missed expectations on the top line but exceeded the consensus estimate on the bottom line. All told, the nation's third biggest bank by assets earned $5.1 billion, or $1 per share, on $22 billion in revenue. Analysts had expected earnings per share of $0.97 on a $22.3 billion top line. Metric Actual (1Q17) Expected (1Q17) Revenue $22.0 billion $22.3 billion Earnings per share $1.00 $0.97 Data source: Wells Fargo, The Wall Street Journal. Wells Fargo has been the only big bank thus far this earnings season to report a year-over-year decline in first-quarter earnings. While its bottom line fell by less than 1%, or $29 million, the other two big banks to report earnings on Thursday notched substantial increases, with JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup both seeing a 17% year-over-year growth in quarterly profits. One reason JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup saw their earnings climb so much was trading revenue, which was up by double-digit percentages at the two New York City-based banks. Wells Fargo didn't see the same benefit, as it has a much more modestly sized capital markets business. In addition, Wells Fargo is still in the throes of recovering from its fake-account scandal, in which thousands of its employees improperly opened millions of accounts for unwitting customers who either didn't need, want, or even know about the new accounts. Since the scandal was revealed by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in September, Wells Fargo has paid hundreds of millions of dollars in fines and settlements, promoted a new CEO, suffered considerable reputational harm, and eliminated product sales goals for branch employees. Image source: The Motley Fool. The change to Wells Fargo's sales culture is having a particularly pronounced effect on new account openings. In March, consumer credit card applications at the California-based bank were down 42% on a year-over-year basis. Not far behind, the number of new checking accounts that were opened last month fell 35%. "Wells Fargo continued to make meaningful progress in the first quarter in rebuilding trust with customers and other important stakeholders, while producing solid financial results," said CEO Tim Sloan in prepared remarks. Ultimately, though, given that bank stocks declined across the board on Thursday, even hitting banks like JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup, it seems safe to say that Wells Fargo's comparatively downbeat performance isn't solely responsible for the 3% drop in its share price. The broader downturn in bank stocks last week likely has to do instead with valuations. Because the run-up in bank stocks over the past five months has sent share prices in the industry up 20% to 30%, investors expect a lot from banks to justify their current valuations right now. And at least by the looks of it, banks have thus far come up short in the first quarter. John Maxfield owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Apr 16, 2017 at 10:11AM Financials Stocks Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $51.44 down $-1.68 (-3.16%) Read More The Fallen Angel of the Bank Industry The 4 Most Popular Bank Stocks Held by Hedge Funds Wells Fargo’s Latest Retail Banking Update Remains Dismal Wells Fargo Reports a Rare Disappointing Quarter How Did Wells Fargo's Stock Perform in 2016? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Did Wells Fargo Shares Tumble on Thursday? @themotleyfool #stocks $WFC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fifth Street Asset Management Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fifth Street Asset Management Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Papa Murphy's Holdings Inc (FRSH) Short Interest Down 5.7% in March Short Interest in Fifth Street Asset Management Inc (FSAM) Grows By 49.9% TowneBank (TOWN) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.35 Private Trust Co. NA Takes Position in CDW Corp (CDW) Novartis AG (NVS) Shares Bought by Hall Laurie J Trustee Salem Capital Management Inc. Has $448,000 Stake in General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. Lowers Position in MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Private Trust Co. NA Lowers Stake in Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Position Held by Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. Purchases Shares of 10,000 Parkway Inc (PKY) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) to Post $0.94 EPS $0.45 EPS Expected for Starbucks Co. (SBUX) This Quarter Brokerages Expect Viveve Medical Inc (VIVE) to Post ($0.54) EPS Investors Buy Large Volume of Call Options on QUALCOMM (QCOM) Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Short Interest Update Camden Property Trust (CPT) Shares Bought by Capstone Asset Management Co. Horrell Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in FedEx Co. (FDX) Target Co. (TGT) Position Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Stake Cut by Bremer Trust National Association Bremer Trust National Association Has $240,000 Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Short Interest in Fifth Street Asset Management Inc (FSAM) Grows By 49.9% April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Fifth Street Asset Management Inc (NASDAQ:FSAM) was the recipient of a significant growth in short interest during the month of March. As of March 31st, there was short interest totalling 139,703 shares, a growth of 49.9% from the March 15th total of 93,207 shares. Based on an average daily trading volume, of 93,832 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is presently 1.5 days. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in Fifth Street Asset Management by 322.1% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 51,197 shares of the company’s stock worth $343,000 after buying an additional 39,067 shares during the period. Shelton Capital Management bought a new position in Fifth Street Asset Management during the fourth quarter worth about $443,000. State Street Corp raised its position in Fifth Street Asset Management by 8.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 95,801 shares of the company’s stock worth $641,000 after buying an additional 7,740 shares during the period. Zacks Investment Management bought a new position in Fifth Street Asset Management during the third quarter worth about $754,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Fifth Street Asset Management by 139.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 139,126 shares of the company’s stock worth $767,000 after buying an additional 81,007 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 55.64% of the company’s stock. Separately, Zacks Investment Research downgraded Fifth Street Asset Management from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Shares of Fifth Street Asset Management (NASDAQ:FSAM) traded down 2.20% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $4.45. The stock had a trading volume of 44,694 shares. The firm’s market cap is $29.38 million. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $4.89 and a 200 day moving average price of $5.77. Fifth Street Asset Management has a 52-week low of $3.20 and a 52-week high of $8.45. Fifth Street Asset Management (NASDAQ:FSAM) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.14 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.14. Fifth Street Asset Management had a negative return on equity of 432.75% and a net margin of 4.58%. Equities analysts predict that Fifth Street Asset Management will post $0.47 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 14th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st were issued a $0.125 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.50 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 11.24%. Fifth Street Asset Management’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -416.67%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/short-interest-in-fifth-street-asset-management-inc-fsam-grows-by-49-9.html. Fifth Street Asset Management Company Profile Fifth Street Asset Management Inc is an alternative asset manager. The Company provides asset management services to its investment funds (the Fifth Street Funds or the funds), which consist of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) and Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp. (FSFR), both publicly-traded business development companies (together, the BDCs). Receive News & Ratings for Fifth Street Asset Management Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fifth Street Asset Management Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rent-A-Center Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rent-A-Center Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investors Buy Large Volume of Call Options on QUALCOMM (QCOM) Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Short Interest Update Camden Property Trust (CPT) Shares Bought by Capstone Asset Management Co. Horrell Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in FedEx Co. (FDX) Target Co. (TGT) Position Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Stake Cut by Bremer Trust National Association Bremer Trust National Association Has $240,000 Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Bremer Trust National Association Cuts Stake in Welltower Inc (HCN) Bremer Trust National Association Sells 123 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) 19,922 Shares in FedEx Co. (FDX) Acquired by TNB Financial Adirondack Trust Co. Lowers Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Adirondack Trust Co. Raises Stake in Ford Motor Company (F) Novartis AG (NVS) Stake Decreased by Banced Corp Cabot Microelectronics (CCMP) Earning Critical News Coverage, Study Shows Layne Christensen Company (LAYN) Receiving Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Concert Pharmaceuticals (CNCE) Stock Price $0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) This Quarter Farmers Trust Co. Reduces Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $5.686 Million Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) First National Bank of Omaha Continues to Hold Position in Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Short Interest Update April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Rent-A-Center Inc (NASDAQ:RCII) was the target of a significant growth in short interest during the month of March. As of March 31st, there was short interest totalling 23,823,168 shares, a growth of 21.4% from the March 15th total of 19,616,306 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 1,758,157 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 13.6 days. Currently, 46.2% of the shares of the company are sold short. In other news, Chairman Mark E. Speese purchased 100,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 17th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $8.45 per share, for a total transaction of $845,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now owns 744,627 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,292,098.15. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Engaged Capital Llc purchased 1,695,233 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 23rd. The shares were purchased at an average price of $8.65 per share, with a total value of $14,663,765.45. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have bought 1,805,233 shares of company stock valued at $15,593,865 in the last 90 days. Insiders own 3.40% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC boosted its position in shares of Rent-A-Center by 682.2% in the fourth quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC now owns 2,956,302 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,258,000 after buying an additional 2,578,360 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Rent-A-Center by 636.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,929,963 shares of the company’s stock valued at $24,394,000 after buying an additional 1,667,921 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Rent-A-Center during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $16,127,000. Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Rent-A-Center during the third quarter valued at approximately $6,079,000. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of Rent-A-Center by 8.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,711,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $46,913,000 after buying an additional 291,330 shares during the period. 96.78% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Several equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. Stephens lowered shares of Rent-A-Center from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised shares of Rent-A-Center from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $15.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday. Janney Montgomery Scott initiated coverage on shares of Rent-A-Center in a report on Thursday, April 6th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $12.00 price objective for the company. Loop Capital reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $8.00 price objective on shares of Rent-A-Center in a report on Wednesday. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $9.00 price objective (down previously from $11.00) on shares of Rent-A-Center in a report on Thursday, January 19th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Rent-A-Center presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $13.33. Rent-A-Center (NASDAQ:RCII) traded up 0.28% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $10.56. 2,975,061 shares of the company traded hands. Rent-A-Center has a 12-month low of $7.76 and a 12-month high of $15.94. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $9.17 and a 200-day moving average price of $10.19. The company’s market cap is $561.75 million. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 20th. Investors of record on Monday, April 3rd will be given a $0.08 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 30th. This represents a $0.32 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.03%. Rent-A-Center’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -1.95%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/rent-a-center-inc-rcii-short-interest-update.html. About Rent-A-Center Rent-A-Center, Inc is a rent-to-own operator in North America. The Company provides an opportunity to obtain ownership of products, such as consumer electronics, appliances, computers (including tablets), smartphones and furniture (including accessories), under rental purchase agreements. The Company operates in four segments: Core U.S., Acceptance Now, Mexico and Franchising. Receive News & Ratings for Rent-A-Center Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rent-A-Center Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News State Street Corp Increases Stake in Titan International Inc (TWI) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires New Stake in Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (HOV) Pacific Continental Co. (PCBK) Stake Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Omega Protein Co. (OME) Shares Bought by State Street Corp AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc (MITT) Shares Bought by State Street Corp Amyris Inc (AMRS) Major Shareholder (Mauritius) Pte Ltd Maxwell Sells 165,428 Shares Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Insider Sells C$82,000.00 in Stock State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Buys Shares of 8,738 LGI Homes Inc (LGIH) TIER REIT Inc (TIER) Position Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases New Stake in Anworth Mortgage Asset Co. (ANH) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 77,324 Dynavax Technologies Co. (DVAX) Paul M. Flynn Sells 10,000 Shares of FutureFuel Corp. (FF) Stock Simon M. Abuyounes Sells 5,000 Shares of PCM Inc (PCMI) Stock Jeffrey Louis Taylor Sells 1,000 Shares of Tech Data Corp (TECD) Stock William Blair Weighs in on AMN Healthcare Services, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AMN) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Ampco-Pittsburgh Corp (AP) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $335,000 in Cavco Industries, Inc. (CVCO) 17,836 Shares in Bitauto Hldg Ltd (BITA) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in HFF, Inc. (HF) AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc (MITT) Shares Bought by State Street Corp April 16th, 2017 - By Renee Jackson - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc (NYSE:MITT) by 6.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 630,686 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 40,932 shares during the period. State Street Corp owned approximately 2.28% of AG Mortgage Investment Trust worth $10,786,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of MITT. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc raised its position in shares of AG Mortgage Investment Trust by 4.2% in the third quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc now owns 500,000 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $7,875,000 after buying an additional 20,000 shares during the last quarter. UBS Group AG raised its position in shares of AG Mortgage Investment Trust by 4,054.4% in the third quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 479,376 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $7,551,000 after buying an additional 467,837 shares during the last quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of AG Mortgage Investment Trust by 0.7% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 433,717 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $6,831,000 after buying an additional 2,808 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of AG Mortgage Investment Trust by 37.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 265,725 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $4,185,000 after buying an additional 72,900 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Northpointe Capital LLC raised its position in shares of AG Mortgage Investment Trust by 10.1% in the third quarter. Northpointe Capital LLC now owns 206,319 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $3,250,000 after buying an additional 18,886 shares during the last quarter. 62.52% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc (NYSE:MITT) opened at 18.34 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $508.04 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.21 and a beta of 0.89. AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc has a 52-week low of $13.00 and a 52-week high of $18.85. The company’s 50-day moving average is $17.82 and its 200-day moving average is $17.07. AG Mortgage Investment Trust (NYSE:MITT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.47 by $0.10. AG Mortgage Investment Trust had a net margin of 51.19% and a return on equity of 12.65%. On average, analysts expect that AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc will post $1.81 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Tuesday, March 21st will be given a $0.475 dividend. This represents a $1.90 annualized dividend and a yield of 10.36%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, March 17th. AG Mortgage Investment Trust’s payout ratio is currently 104.40%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first reported by The Cerbat Gem and is owned by of The Cerbat Gem. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/16/ag-mortgage-investment-trust-inc-mitt-shares-bought-by-state-street-corp.html. MITT has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of AG Mortgage Investment Trust from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Wunderlich lowered shares of AG Mortgage Investment Trust from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $17.00 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, AG Mortgage Investment Trust currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $18.00. In other AG Mortgage Investment Trust news, CFO Brian C. Sigman purchased 5,700 shares of AG Mortgage Investment Trust stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $17.69 per share, with a total value of $100,833.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 30,633 shares in the company, valued at approximately $541,897.77. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Company insiders own 1.46% of the company’s stock. About AG Mortgage Investment Trust AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is focused on investing in, acquiring and managing a diversified portfolio of residential mortgage assets, other real estate-related securities and financial assets, which the Company refers to as its target assets. Receive News & Stock Ratings for AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acceleron Pharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Expect Acceleron Pharma Inc (XLRN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $3.23 Million J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $245.68 Million Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Earthstone Energy Inc (ESTE) Issued By Roth Capital Brokerages Expect Alere Inc (ALR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $586.46 Million Moreno Evelyn V Acquires 12,835 Shares of CVS Health Corp (CVS) Foundry Partners LLC Has $126,000 Stake in Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Foundry Partners LLC Lowers Stake in O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Foundry Partners LLC Takes Position in Universal Display Co. (OLED) Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Has $287,000 Position in Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Shares Bought by Beacon Financial Group Foundry Partners LLC Has $230,000 Stake in Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) ARC Group WorldWide (ARCW) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.56 Graham Holdings (GHC) Getting Very Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Macquarie Group Ltd. Reduces Stake in TeamHealth Holdings Inc (TMH) AAR Corp. (AIR) Position Reduced by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Kentucky Retirement Systems Purchases Shares of 109,272 Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 22,706 Shares of Universal Forest Products, Inc. (UFPI) Short Interest in RetailMeNot Inc (SALE) Declines By 22.8% Infosys Ltd (INFY) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Short Interest Update Analysts Expect Acceleron Pharma Inc (XLRN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $3.23 Million April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect Acceleron Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:XLRN) to report $3.23 million in sales for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Five analysts have issued estimates for Acceleron Pharma’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $2.75 million to $3.87 million. Acceleron Pharma posted sales of $18.2 million during the same quarter last year, which suggests a negative year-over-year growth rate of 82.3%. The firm is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Acceleron Pharma will report full year sales of $3.23 million for the current year, with estimates ranging from $12 million to $17.1 million. For the next fiscal year, analysts forecast that the business will report sales of $40.9 million per share, with estimates ranging from $13 million to $99.12 million. Zacks’ sales calculations are an average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that follow Acceleron Pharma. Acceleron Pharma (NASDAQ:XLRN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.51) earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.55) by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $3.37 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.74 million. Acceleron Pharma had a negative net margin of 229.77% and a negative return on equity of 30.75%. Acceleron Pharma’s revenue was down 11.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted ($0.81) earnings per share. A number of research firms have commented on XLRN. FBR & Co set a $63.00 price objective on shares of Acceleron Pharma and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $33.00 price objective for the company. Citigroup Inc raised shares of Acceleron Pharma from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $40.00 to $36.00 in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Instinet began coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. They set a “buy” rating and a $58.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Nomura initiated coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. They set a “buy” rating for the company. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $46.00. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P bought a new stake in Acceleron Pharma during the fourth quarter worth about $9,453,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Acceleron Pharma by 0.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 801,745 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $29,015,000 after buying an additional 2,046 shares during the period. Laurion Capital Management LP bought a new stake in Acceleron Pharma during the third quarter worth about $24,971,000. United Services Automobile Association raised its stake in Acceleron Pharma by 56.0% in the third quarter. United Services Automobile Association now owns 79,080 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $2,862,000 after buying an additional 28,400 shares during the period. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP bought a new stake in Acceleron Pharma during the third quarter worth about $1,141,000. 82.57% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/analysts-expect-acceleron-pharma-inc-xlrn-will-announce-quarterly-sales-of-3-23-million.html. Acceleron Pharma (NASDAQ:XLRN) opened at 28.69 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $27.54 and its 200-day moving average is $29.23. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.10 billion. Acceleron Pharma has a 12 month low of $23.07 and a 12 month high of $41.69. About Acceleron Pharma Acceleron Pharma Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapeutics to treat serious and rare diseases. Its research focuses on key natural regulators of cellular growth and repair, particularly the Transforming Growth Factor-Beta (TGF-beta), protein superfamily. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Acceleron Pharma (XLRN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
⌂ Contact us Money Arts&Culture Tech Research Sports Global Media Medicine U.S. Wells Fargo Earnings Hit by Accounts Scandal April 16 10:15 2017 By Christopher Zimmerman Add this to bulging fees from lawyers and other fixers brought in for damage control, and 1% drops in both net income and revenues from the same time past year come as little surprise. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. posted sharp increases in first-quarter profit, fueled by a continued rebound in their Wall Street trading businesses. Finally, Sarasin & Partners LLP raised its position in Wells Fargo & Co by 58.2% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank increased its position in Wells Fargo & Co by 46.9% in the third quarter. The company presently has an average rating of "Hold" and an average price target of $54.37. The business earned $22 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $22.25 billion. While bank stocks surged in the wake of Mr. Trump's surprise election victory, they have slipped the past month as investors grow more doubtful about whether broad measures like lending growth and profitability will catch up with loftier valuations. According to Sloan, the company's senior management expects Wells to become a top financial services leader in six areas, including customer service, team member management, risk management and long-term shareholder value. But even that won't be enough for Wells Fargo wfc to put the scandal in its past for good. Wells Fargo shares are likely to remain under pressure following lower than expected financial results for the first quarter. The stock has a market cap of $256.92 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.87 and a beta of 0.98. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 313,675 shares of the financial services provider's stock worth $13,904,000 after buying an additional 100,182 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 9,439,158 shares of the financial services provider's stock valued at $520,192,000 after buying an additional 2,916,320 shares during the period. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Citigroup Inc restated a "buy" rating and set a $62.00 target price (up from $51.00) on shares of Wells Fargo & Co in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. The Los Angeles Times noted that Wells Fargo's loan balances at the end of the first quarter were down $9.2 billion compared with the end of previous year, reflecting in part a drop of almost $2 billion in consumer credit card balances. On 10/27/2015 Wells Fargo & Co announced a quarterly dividend of $0.38 2.71% with an ex dividend date of 11/4/2015 which will be payable on 12/1/2015. On average, equities analysts predict that Wells Fargo & Co will post $4.21 earnings per share for the current year. Both JPMorgan and Citi reported first quarter results that beat analysts' expectations. Citi had a strong quarter in its investment banking division, as well as consumer banking business, which helped build revenue across all its major business lines. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and global trademark & copyright law. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of USA & global copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/14/stock-traders-buy-high-volume-of-wells-fargo-co-put-options-wfc.html. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the stock. According to Shrewsberry, Wells Fargo has several outside firms reviewing the company as part of its settlement with regulatory agencies, along with those it hired to investigate of other parts of its sales practices. The Company is a diversified financial services company. It has three operating segments: Community Banking, Wholesale Banking, and Wealth and Investment Management. But the NIM only held firm (whereas we would have hoped to see at least a little expansion), loan growth was pretty weak, and costs came in higher than we had anticipated. Related: 16 April 2017 United Airlines changes employees check-in policy after passenger's forcible removal National Hockey League roundup: Blues, Sharks both win in OT Afghan official says massive US bomb death toll rises to 94 Syria population transfer begins with exchange of prisoners 16 April 2017 Trump To Nominate Export-Import Bank Opponent To Head Export-Import Bank 16 April 2017 North Korea Attempts Missile Launch, but Fails Arsene Wenger: Jack Wilshere says Arsenal boss can only do so much 16 April 2017 'Outrageous' Wells Fargo bonuses clawed back, but Feuer still frets 16 April 2017 West Virginia governor drops actual bull manure on state's budget 16 April 2017 Positive Signs After Game 1 Kulbhushan Jadhav sentencing: Indian envoy to meet Pakistan foreign secretary 16 April 2017 Serial Killer Dubbed 'Angel of Death' Dies After Prison Beating Comments Latest news North Korea Missile Launch Fails, South Korea Says Han said if the US shows any sign of "reckless" military aggression, Pyongyang is ready to launch a pre-emptive strike of its own. It was the first time North Korea had shown the missiles, which have a range of more than 1,000 kilometres, at a military parade. Korea leader oversees special forces op as tensions soar However, North Korea on Saturday warned that it is "prepared" to respond to any nuclear attack in kind, AFP reported. But it's unclear whether these words and actions are enough to put North Korea's nuclear genie back in the bottle. Tillerson Says US Relationship With Russia at 'Low Point' More than 80 people were killed in what the US has described as a nerve gas attack that Assad's forces undoubtedly carried out. Syria's government has denied responsibility for the attack, which prompted a USA strike on a Syrian air base.Syrian U.N. Mumbai, Chennai and Hyderabad airports on high alert, security heightened Mumbai already has a city counter terrorism contingency plan, but in Hyderabad and Chennai it's now being put in place. Security was increased at Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport after a terror alert was issued on Sunday. Penguins open Stanley Cup playoffs with a 3-1 win Didier Drogba, one of the most decorated players of his generation, has signed with Phoenix Rising FC of the United Soccer League. The awakening came earlier than in the series opener. "He eventually just held onto it and I was able to create a turnover". Other news Some Cast Members Are Also Leaving the Show With Abby Lee Miller Victoria Beckham spices up 'Carpool Karaoke' Rainn Wilson joins new 'Star Trek' TV series Kris Jenner and Corey Gamble Are Still Together, Despite Split Reports Easter services set at Malta and Northwest Malta UMC Spicer apologizes for 'insensitive' reference to Holocaust Matt Damon Dresses as Tom Brady for 'Jimmy Kimmel Live!' Sneak Visit Meryl Streep Responds to Oscar Nomination With a GIF Contact us Copyright © 2015. All Rights reserved - AliveForFootball
Home Privacy Policy About/Contact Us Terms and Conditions Contributors Write For Us MLB News Trade Rumors Scores Fantasy News Injuries College Prospects Bottomline Technologies - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bottomline Technologies with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow Baseball News Source Latest News Endeavour Silver Corp’s (EDR) “Market Perform” Rating Reiterated at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Tullow Oil (TUWLF) Upgraded by Goldman Sachs Group Inc to “Neutral” SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Tuesday Morning Co. (TUES) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” BRP Inc (DOO) Price Target Raised to C$34.00 Chinook Energy Inc. (CKE) Cut to “Underperform” at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Dominion Diamond Corp’s (DDC) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS TD Securities Raises TELUS Co. (T) Price Target to C$47.00 Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Given Market Perform Rating at Cowen and Company Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl’s (VRX) “Sector Perform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Power Co. of Canada (POW) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from Scotiabank IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Shaw Communications’ (SJR.B) Buy Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Comerica Bank Boosts Position in Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) Posted by Donnie Miller on Apr 16th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Comerica Bank increased its stake in Bottomline Technologies (NASDAQ:EPAY) by 4.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 39,271 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,649 shares during the period. Comerica Bank owned about 0.10% of Bottomline Technologies worth $995,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of EPAY. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. increased its stake in Bottomline Technologies by 2.9% in the third quarter. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. now owns 211,725 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,935,000 after buying an additional 6,000 shares in the last quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. increased its stake in Bottomline Technologies by 51.5% in the third quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 16,373 shares of the company’s stock worth $382,000 after buying an additional 5,564 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Bottomline Technologies by 44.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 31,589 shares of the company’s stock worth $736,000 after buying an additional 9,664 shares in the last quarter. Nicolet Bankshares Inc. boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 3.5% in the third quarter. Nicolet Bankshares Inc. now owns 26,015 shares of the company’s stock valued at $606,000 after buying an additional 875 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TD Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 29.0% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 37,419 shares of the company’s stock valued at $872,000 after buying an additional 8,419 shares during the last quarter. 92.53% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Bottomline Technologies (NASDAQ:EPAY) traded down 0.96% during trading on Friday, reaching $21.74. 293,917 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $23.94 and its 200 day moving average is $24.29. Bottomline Technologies has a one year low of $18.48 and a one year high of $31.24. The company’s market capitalization is $822.14 million. Bottomline Technologies (NASDAQ:EPAY) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.26 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.08. Bottomline Technologies had a positive return on equity of 6.20% and a negative net margin of 9.01%. The business earned $86.73 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $85.38 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.38 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Bottomline Technologies will post $0.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Comerica Bank Boosts Position in Bottomline Technologies (EPAY)” was originally posted by BBNS and is the property of of BBNS. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://baseballnewssource.com/markets/comerica-bank-has-995000-stake-in-bottomline-technologies-epay-2-updated/527957.html. EPAY has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Bottomline Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Needham & Company LLC boosted their target price on shares of Bottomline Technologies from $28.00 to $31.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of Bottomline Technologies from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $27.80. In other news, insider Norman J. Deluca sold 2,750 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.55, for a total transaction of $64,762.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 93,956 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,212,663.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Peter Gibson bought 2,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $24.42 per share, with a total value of $48,840.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 10,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $244,200. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.20% of the company’s stock. About Bottomline Technologies Bottomline Technologies (de), Inc is engaged in providing a set of cloud-based business payment, digital banking, fraud prevention, payment and financial document solutions. The Company helps businesses pay and get paid. It offers hosted or Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions, as well as software designed to run on-site at the customer’s location. Receive News & Ratings for Bottomline Technologies Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bottomline Technologies and related companies with our FREE daily email newsletter.   Latest News Hall of Famer Given New Lease on Life New York Mets Have the Power Red Sox Fighting Through Illness and Injury Cleveland and Arizona Off to Fast Starts Foreign-Born MLB Players Reaches All-Time High Madison Bumgarner Smacks Two Home Runs to Set Record Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home MLB News Trade Rumors Scores Fantasy News Injuries College Prospects Markets © 2006-2017 BBNS.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intesa Sanpaolo SpA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) a €225.00 Price Target Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates €2.90 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc (FMSA) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) to Sell CSFB Initiates Coverage on Lundin Mining Co. (LUN) BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$30.00 Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$33.00 at TD Securities HAVAS (HAVSF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vetr Inc. Upgrades Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) to Strong-Buy Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.53 Billion Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion Brokerages Expect WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $12.1 Million Analysts Expect MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $184.8 Million Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $57.95 Million Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates €2.90 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada set a €2.90 ($3.09) price target on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) in a report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other analysts also recently commented on ISP. Barclays PLC set a €2.70 ($2.87) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. HSBC Holdings plc set a €2.44 ($2.60) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €2.90 ($3.09) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €2.50 ($2.66) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a €2.85 ($3.03) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of €2.64 ($2.80). Shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) opened at 2.438 on Wednesday. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA has a 12-month low of €1.52 and a 12-month high of €2.59. The firm has a market cap of €40.92 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.178. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €2.43 and its 200 day moving average is €2.26. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates €2.90 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/royal-bank-of-canada-reiterates-2-90-price-target-for-intesa-sanpaolo-spa-isp.html. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Company Profile Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is a banking company. The Company’s segments include Banca dei Territori, Corporate and Investment Banking, International Subsidiary Banks, Asset Management, Private Banking and Insurance. The Banca dei Territori division includes the Company’s traditional lending and deposit collecting activities. Receive News & Ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) a €225.00 Price Target Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates €2.90 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc (FMSA) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) to Sell CSFB Initiates Coverage on Lundin Mining Co. (LUN) BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$30.00 Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$33.00 at TD Securities HAVAS (HAVSF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vetr Inc. Upgrades Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) to Strong-Buy Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.53 Billion Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion Brokerages Expect WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $12.1 Million Analysts Expect MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $184.8 Million Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $57.95 Million Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €76.00 ($80.85) target price on Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) in a research note published on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on the stock. Bank of America Corp set a €70.00 ($74.47) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Morgan Stanley set a €70.00 ($74.47) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €79.00 ($84.04) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Societe Generale set a €80.00 ($85.11) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €72.00 ($76.60) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of €69.47 ($73.90). Shares of Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) opened at 68.38 on Tuesday. Schneider Electric SE has a 12 month low of €49.50 and a 12 month high of €69.57. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €66.72 and its 200 day moving average is €64.98. The firm has a market capitalization of €37.95 billion and a P/E ratio of 22.13. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/deutsche-bank-ag-reiterates-76-00-price-target-for-schneider-electric-se-su.html. About Schneider Electric SE Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) a €225.00 Price Target Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates €2.90 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc (FMSA) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) to Sell CSFB Initiates Coverage on Lundin Mining Co. (LUN) BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$30.00 Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$33.00 at TD Securities HAVAS (HAVSF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vetr Inc. Upgrades Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) to Strong-Buy Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.53 Billion Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion Brokerages Expect WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $12.1 Million Analysts Expect MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $184.8 Million Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $57.95 Million Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Sanford C. Bernstein set a €66.00 ($70.21) price target on Basf Se (ETR:BAS) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a sell rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Barclays PLC set a €89.00 ($94.68) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Macquarie set a €105.00 ($111.70) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($111.70) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC set a €95.00 ($101.06) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €82.00 ($87.23) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €90.28 ($96.04). Basf Se (ETR:BAS) opened at 90.70 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of €90.53 and a 200-day moving average of €85.51. The stock has a market cap of €83.31 billion and a PE ratio of 20.57. Basf Se has a 12 month low of €63.30 and a 12 month high of €94.15. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/sanford-c-bernstein-analysts-give-basf-se-bas-a-66-00-price-target.html. About Basf Se BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mondi Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondi Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mondi Plc (MNDI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) PT at $100.00 $0.90 EPS Expected for PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) This Quarter Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $32.86 Million Zacks: Brokerages Expect Accenture Plc (ACN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $8.84 Billion Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.82 Billion WPX Energy Inc (WPX) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Western Digital Corp (WDC) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.79 Per Share H & R Block Inc (HRB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Conn's Inc (CONN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $360.86 Million Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $579.42 Million Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Galapagos NV (GLPG) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Brokerages Set Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Price Target at $103.15 Brokerages Expect Sonoco Products Co (SON) to Announce $0.58 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) to Post $0.06 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PAREXEL International Co. (PRXL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $529.26 Million Oracle Co. (ORCL) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $10.45 Billion Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.41 Per Share Brokerages Set Sonic Co. (SONC) Target Price at $26.95 Mondi Plc (MNDI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Mondi Plc (LON:MNDI) have earned an average rating of “Buy” from the nine ratings firms that are presently covering the company. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price target among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is GBX 1,998.57 ($24.82). MNDI has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded Mondi Plc to a “neutral” rating and raised their target price for the company from GBX 2,025 ($25.15) to GBX 2,100 ($26.08) in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price target on Mondi Plc from GBX 1,900 ($23.59) to GBX 2,100 ($26.08) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Mondi Plc in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price target on Mondi Plc from GBX 1,900 ($23.59) to GBX 2,000 ($24.84) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated an “equal weight” rating and issued a GBX 1,870 ($23.22) price target (up from GBX 1,500 ($18.63)) on shares of Mondi Plc in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Mondi Plc (MNDI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/mondi-plc-mndi-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. Mondi Plc (LON:MNDI) traded down 0.38% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching GBX 1951.56. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 922,617 shares. Mondi Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,240.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,992.00. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,922.32 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,727.31. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 9.45 billion. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a €0.38 ($0.41) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 20th. This represents a yield of 1.67%. Mondi Plc Company Profile Mondi plc is a United Kingdom-based packaging and paper company. The Company is engaged in managing forests and producing pulp, paper and compound plastics for industrial and consumer packaging. The Company and Mondi Limited, under a dual listed company (DLC) structure, operate together as a single economic entity. Receive News & Ratings for Mondi Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondi Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Monday, April 17, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News News Analysis A ‘Cuban Missile Crisis in Slow Motion’ in North Korea By DAVID E. SANGER and WILLIAM J. BROAD 9:20 PM ET President Trump and his aides have made it clear that the United States will no longer tolerate North Korea’s incremental advances. A mix of national ambitions, personal ego and deadly weapons is creating opportunities for miscalculation. Emerging From Relative Obscurity to Lead House Inquiry By EMMARIE HUETTEMAN Mike Conaway, a Texas Republican who is the chairman of the Agriculture Committee, inherits the potentially explosive investigation into Russian election meddling. Homebody President Is Sitting Out His Honeymoon Period By JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS Presidents often travel during first months in office and push a policy agenda. But without clear priorities, Mr. Trump has stuck closer to home. How Trump’s Travel Compares With Past Presidents The Society Columnist With a Front-Row Seat at Mar-a-Lago 2 Tennessee Cases Bring Coal’s Hidden Hazard to Light By TATIANA SCHLOSSBERG Two lawsuits contend that coal ash, a largely unseen byproduct of electricity production, is leaking from storage ponds and could be threatening the drinking water of more than a million people. United Staff Will Not Take Boarded Passengers’ Seats By JONAH ENGEL BROMWICH The airline said its policy change was intended to prevent further episodes like the one last week in which a man was violently removed from a flight. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Turkey’s Leader Claims Vast New Powers By PATRICK KINGSLEY The main opposition demanded a recount after President Recep Tayyip Erdogan won a referendum by a narrow margin, warning that the vote might cement authoritarian rule.  Comments Your Monday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:31 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Smarter Living Watch These Moody Film Noir Classics on Amazon Prime A fair number of top-shelf noir films have made their way to Amazon Prime. Here are some of the best. Automation Nation Robots Are Winning the Race for American Jobs By CLAIRE CAIN MILLER Researchers are surprised to see very little employment increase in other occupations to offset the job losses in manufacturing.  Comments Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Living by the Girl Scout Law, Even Without a Home By NIKITA STEWART Troop 6000 is the first in New York City composed solely of homeless girls. A reflection of the state of homelessness in the city, it is also a source of pride for its members. Left-Wing Politician Shakes Up France’s Presidential Race By ADAM NOSSITER Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s advisers depict him as a kind of French Bernie Sanders, but with no strong party establishment to block his way. Inside the Hotel Industry’s Plan to Combat Airbnb By KATIE BENNER Newly obtained documents show how the American Hotel and Lodging Association is working to curb the rental company. TV Review ‘Girls’ Walks Into the Future, Pantless and Unbowed By JAMES PONIEWOZIK 11:30 PM ET Hannah is still Hannah, our TV columnist writes of the series finale of HBO’s “Girls,” but the episode illustrated Lena Dunham’s growth as an actress over six seasons. Dunham on the Finale and That Last Shot of Hannah 11:30 PM Fewer Children in Greece May Add to Its Financial Crisis By LIZ ALDERMAN Demographers in Europe say lower birthrates in the south will mean weaker growth and productivity, creating fiscal problems. Civil Rights Lawyers Will Challenge Body-Camera Program By ASHLEY SOUTHALL Police unions also have objections to the guidelines for the city’s pilot program, which was to begin this month but continues to face roadblocks. The Daily 360 1:02 52 Places to Go: Grand Teton Benjamin Norman for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News China’s Economy Grows 6.9%, but Warning Signs Persist 2:11 AM ET To These Pastors, Saving the Colorado River Is a Divine Command Guitarist Who Inspired ‘Mr. Tambourine Man’ Dies Cleveland Police Seek Suspect After a Killing Seen on Facebook TV Recaps: ‘The Leftovers’ | ‘Feud: Bette and Joan’ | ‘Billions’NYT Now The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Lost and Found in a Soundscape in ‘Samara’ This uncanny play from the great experimentalist Richard Maxwell brings to mind Clint Eastwood’s Man With No Name, but with more to say, Ben Brantley writes. Two Books Give Divergent Approaches to Investing One book pushes value stocks; the other advises following trends. One is helpful; the other is frustrating. Sparky Lyle in Monument Park? Fans Say Yes Lyle insists he doesn’t belong with those honored at Yankee Stadium. But on the 40th anniversary of his Cy Young season, and a Yankees title, many say he does. The Opinion Pages Anatomy of a Lynching By AATISH TASEER A mentality of mob violence has overtaken India.  Comments Editorial: Mr. Trump’s 10-Second Convictions Bruni: Steve Bannon Was Doomed Cohen: France in the End of Days Exposures: The Refugee King of Greece Sunday Review The World’s Most Beautiful Mathematical Equation By RICHARD A. FRIEDMAN Math can make our brains light up in the same way art and music do. Douthat: Go to Church, Secular Liberals Kristof: President Carter, Am I a Christian? The Evangelical Roots of Our Post-Truth Society User Subscriptions My Own Private Easter Egg-Gate Cultivating Serendipity: A Visit to the New York Times ‘Morgue’ Times Insider » My Own Private Easter Egg-Gate The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Movies Clifton James, Who Acted in 2 Bond Films, Dies Sunday Review Charles Murray’s ‘Provocative’ Talk Have you actually read it? It’s neither offensive nor even particularly conservative. Media O’Reilly’s World: Books, Philanthropy and Talks Music Themes at Hamburg’s New Hall Nod to America Sunday Review America’s Uncivil War Over Words Times Insider Datelines Change to Help Convey a Sense of Place Fashion & Style Bill Cunningham: Easter Photos Sunday Review What Kind of Pet Should Donald Trump Get? Practically every president has kept animals in the White House. Trump would be wise to do the same. Television On Season 6 of ‘Veep,’ Satire Meets Its Match Pro Basketball More Playoff Pain Delivered by the Spurs Sunday Review Why Black Kids Benefit From Black Teachers Times Insider What The Times Holds Back Sections World » Erdogan Claims Vast New Powers After Narrow Victory in Turkish Referendum Left-Wing Politician Shakes Up France’s Presidential Race Alcohol Ban Succeeds as Women Warn, ‘Behave, or We’ll Get Tough’ Business Day » China’s Economy Grows 6.9%, but Warning Signs Persist Fewer Children in Greece May Add to Its Financial Crisis Slack, an Upstart in Messaging, Now Faces Giant Tech Rivals Opinion » Aatish Taseer: Anatomy of a Lynching Editorial: Mr. Trump’s 10-Second Convictions Frank Bruni: Steve Bannon Was Doomed U.S. » To These Pastors, Saving the Colorado River Is a Divine Command Retro Report: The Quest for a Psychiatric Cure 2 Tennessee Cases Bring Coal’s Hidden Hazard to Light Technology » Hacking Group Claims N.S.A. Infiltrated Mideast Banking System Uber Wants to Rule the World. First It Must Conquer India. First Words: New Technology Is Built on a ‘Stack.’ Is That the Best Way to Understand Everything Else, Too? Arts » Review: Kendrick Lamar’s Anxiety Leads to Joy and Jabs on New Album A Pioneering Pilot, a Broadway Show and a Life-Changing Bond A Bannon-Kushner Showdown and Spicer as the Easter Bunny on ‘Saturday Night Live’ Politics » News Analysis: A ‘Cuban Missile Crisis in Slow Motion’ in North Korea The Society Columnist With a Front-Row Seat at Mar-a-Lago A Homebody President Sits Out His Honeymoon Period Fashion & Style » Gucci’s Diversity Drag Bill Cunningham: Unpublished Easter Photos Maureen Chiquet’s Move From Chanel to Self-Empowerment Movies » ‘Fate of the Furious’ Slows at Home but Roars Overseas A Sisterhood of Scares Review: Family Values and Hot Rides in ‘Fate of the Furious’ New York » Living by the Girl Scout Law, Even Without a Home Civil Rights Lawyers Plan to Challenge New York’s Body-Camera Program Grace Notes: Donated Slides From the Met Get a Second Life, and Showing Sports » A Court Used for Playing Hoops Since 1893. Where? Paris. On Baseball: Yankees’ Prospects Hinge on Those Who Have Earned Their Stripes The Thickly Accented American Behind the N.B.A. in France Theater » A Pioneering Pilot, a Broadway Show and a Life-Changing Bond Andy Karl, Star of Musical ‘Groundhog Day,’ Is Injured During Preview Taking a Spin With Bobby Cannavale Science » Plumes From Saturn’s Moon Enceladus Hint That It Could Support Life Do Your Shoelaces Keep Coming Undone? Engineers Explain Why Trilobites: A Dinosaur Cousin’s Crocodile Ankles Surprise Paleontologists Obituaries » Bruce Langhorne, Guitarist Who Inspired ‘Mr. Tambourine Man,’ Dies at 78 Wayne Hardin, Hall of Fame Football Coach at Navy, Dies at 91 Joseph Rascoff, Who Had Rolling Stones’ Tours Under His Thumb, Dies at 71 Television » Review: ‘The Leftovers’ Has One More Cosmic Joke to Tell How to Write TV in the Age of Trump: Showrunners Reveal All Feature: Mike Judge, the Bard of Suck Health » 6 Things I Learned About Ulcers St. Jude Medical Played Down Defibrillator Failures for Years, F.D.A. Says Phys Ed: An Hour of Running May Add 7 Hours to Your Life Travel » Harlem’s French Renaissance 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Baltimore Update: In the Air, That Uneasy Feeling of Us vs. Them Books » Q. & A.: Tell Us 5 Things About Your Book: Stephen Tobolowsky’s ‘My Adventures With God’ Nonfiction: Power and Punishment: Two New Books About Race and Crime The Enthusiast: In Praise of Agatha Christie’s Accidental Sleuths Education » Loans ‘Designed to Fail’: States Say Navient Preyed on Students Voices of Navient’s Borrowers: ‘The Biggest Mistake of My Life’ Ex-Professor Says Dismissed Racketeering Case Is Still ‘Devastating’ Food » The Pour: Wine Industry Finds a Companion in a Competitor: Marijuana A Good Appetite: Putting the Tender in Pork Tenderloin Hungry City: The Smoky Allure of Lebanon Wafts Through Wafa’s Express Sunday Review » Roger Cohen: France in the End of Days Opinion: Why You Should Read Books You Hate Editorial: Mr. Trump’s 10-Second Convictions Real Estate » Razing the Hamptons Ask Real Estate: Plumbing Problems The Fix: 9 Ways to Make Your Home More Photogenic The Upshot » Economic View: Supply-Side Economics, but for Liberals You Draw It: Just How Bad Is the Drug Overdose Epidemic? Public Health: Explaining the Health Payments That Trump Is Threatening to End Magazine » Feature: Inside Turkey’s Purge Feature: I Thought I Understood the American Right. Trump Proved Me Wrong. Feature: Mike Judge, the Bard of Suck Automobiles » Bigger, Faster, More Lavish: Americans Crave S.U.V.s, and Carmakers Oblige Driven: Video Review: Favorite S.U.V.s, From Most Affordable to Luxurious G.M. Takes a Back Seat to Tesla as America’s Most Valued Carmaker T Magazine » Going Home With the Artist David Salle A Virtual Tour of a Larger-Than-Life Art Installation On Beauty: Braids Are Back on Top Times Insider » Reporters Get New Datelines So They Won’t Seem Out of Place My Own Private Easter Egg-Gate What The Times Holds Back Real Estate » On the Market Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan By MICHELLE HIGGINS Properties in the Financial District, Kips Bay and in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Cancel Subscription Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Stocks slide as the US drops the 'mother of all bombs' on Afghanistan Reuters and Akin Oyedele Apr. 13, 2017, 1:16 PM 4,904 facebook linkedin twitter email print Markets Insider Stocks lost some ground on Thursday after news that the US bombed an ISIS target in Afghanistan. The so-called Mother of All Bombs that was used is the largest non-nuclear bomb in America's inventory. The major indexes had been little changed in early trading, as investors weighed earnings from the top Wall Street banks and President Donald Trump's comments on the strength of the dollar. It is difficult to predict the outcome of geopolitical tension on markets given how many different ways things could turn out, said Kurt Umbarger, a global equity portfolio specialist at T. Rowe Price.  "Obviously, we've had bouts of this off and on for as long as you and I can remember," he told Business Insider.  At 1:08 p.m. ET, the Dow was down 93 points, or 0.46%, the S&P 500 was down 9 points, or 0.38%, and the Nasdaq was down 15 points, or 0.27%. Shares of JPMorgan and Citigroup rose about 1% after the two banks reported better-than-expected quarterly profits. However, Wells Fargo slipped 1.4% after reporting a big drop in mortgage banking revenue and Berkshire Hathaway's disclosure that it had reduced its stake in the bank. The earnings come in the wake of a frenetic rally in bank shares that started after Trump's election in hopes that he would rein in banking regulations and introduce other business-friendly policies. Trump told The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that the dollar was "getting too strong" and that he would like to see interest rates stay low. However, the effect of the comments was short-lived, as the beaten-down dollar recovered slightly and gold prices lost some of their luster after gaining for four straight days. "Despite the rhetoric that comes out of any political event, if you have good economic data and decent earnings, [the market will] overcome the day-to-day dynamics of macro policy and political risk," said Nathan Thooft, a senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston. The 11 major S&P 500 sectors were in the red in early-afternoon trading. Technology had led earlier gains and was up for the first time after a nine-day losing streak. Trading volumes are likely to be weak on Thursday ahead of the Good Friday holiday. SEE ALSO: Here's why the dollar could defy Trump and keep marching higher NOW WATCH: Children who eat too much sugar are developing diseases that only alcoholics used to get Loading video... More: Stock Market Market Update facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Stocks slide as the US drops the 'mother of all bombs' on Afghanistan Stocks slide as the US drops the 'mother of all bombs' on Afghanistan Stocks lost some ground on Thursday after news... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
BR Ambedkar: In his own words | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Mon, Apr 17 2017. 04 46 AM IST How Union Bank was hacked and got its money back Union Bank of India recently fell prey to hacking—robbing the lender of $171 million—but the hackers made a silly mistake Subscribe to our newsletter. Gopika GopakumarLeslie D'Monte The Union Bank of India hacking was triggered after an employee clicked on a phishing email that released malware into the bank’s servers. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Mumbai: It was just another Friday for the hundreds of office goers who were jostling with each other to get to their own work places in and around the corporate office of the Union Bank of India at Nariman Point in Mumbai. Even those queuing up in the early hours at the cash counters across the 4,233 branches and 7,946 ATMs of the bank spread across India, were calmly going about their tasks— depositing money or withdrawing cash. However, those early hours of 21 July 2016, were going to be anything but ordinary for the chairman and managing director of Union Bank, Arun Tiwari, who also sits in the corporate office—the Union Bank Bhavan. Happily going about his routine tasks of reading newspapers, sipping a cup of tea and updating himself of the goings-on in the bank, Tiwari was just settling in when his phone rang. He still remembers the time. “It was around 10.30am when I was informed that an unidentified hacker was attempting to swindle us of $171 million (about Rs1,100 crore at today’s rates) from our Nostro account.” A Nostro account is an account that a bank holds in a foreign currency in another bank. All hell should have broken loose. But Tiwari, who insists that he is a “non-technical” person kept his cool. “The thing uppermost in my mind was that I had to quickly get onto the money trail and recover the money.” That was easier said than done. By the time the Union Bank official in the treasury department, who was reconciling the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payments for the day realized that an amount of $171 million had already been debited from the dollar account of the bank without his authorization, the money had travelled far and wide. The money had found its way to accounts in two banks in Cambodia—the Canadia Bank Plc and RHB IndoChina Bank Ltd, besides the Siam Commercial Bank in Thailand, Bank Sinopac in Taiwan, and a bank in Australia. These funds were routed by Citibank New York and JP Morgan Chase New York, which hold UBI’s foreign exchange accounts. Even as Tiwari informed the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the ministry of external affairs and Gulshan Rai, director general of the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), to apprise them of the matter and take advice, he simultaneously sent a terse message instructing all the staff at Union Bank Bhavan that “a whole floor on that building was to be cordoned off, and that all staff members working to solve this problem would only leave after the matter was resolved”. “Inspection investigation was done by CERT-In, RBI, our own team,” Tiwari recalls, adding that he also appointed consulting firm EY “the same night”. EY said “as far operations are concerned, you are ahead of time. Whatever was required to be done, as a non-technical person, has already been done.” How did it exactly happen? First, the bank had to know what exactly had gone wrong and how the hackers got access to Union Bank’s servers. Did an insider assist in the task or was it a breach by an external device? It appears, it was neither. Rather, it was an email from a very authentic source— (RBI)—with an attachment. “This email was sent to a few email IDs, and some of them were from customer care, e-banking and some were addressed to individuals too. It might have happened even before 20 July,” Tiwari recalls. Kartik Shinde, partner, advisory services, EY, recalls receiving a call at 10pm that night. “Which PSU (public sector undertaking) bank in India has that ability to take that call? I know of two-three others, who started evaluating vendors, took prices from them. UBI said start the work and we will give whatever the fees. You need to have someone authoritative in the bank like the chairman who will take the call saying that I will take the necessary approvals from CVC (Central Vigilance Commission) and all others but get this analysis done sooner because the more time you spent analysing it, you are giving more lead time for attackers to cover up their tracks, to get out of the system,” he said. It wasn’t that Union Bank was the specific target. Shinde insists that “I wouldn’t say it was a random pick. If I have to break into this network, I will send the payload or malware to all employees. It doesn’t matter who clicks on the link. The hacker simply wants to access the system from where he will do the transaction.” This is also what happened in Union Bank’s case. The “phishing”—an attempt to obtain sensitive information such as usernames, passwords and other financial details by pretending to be a trustworthy entity—mails were sent to 15 email IDs. “Three people reported that the email was suspicious to the IT security. The other Union Bank employees were “technically-savvy” persons. They noticed that although the email address said @rbi.org.in, it had an attachment that a zip file. Within the zip file, there was a dot (xer) file and not a dot pdf file, which is why they reported it as suspicious,” Shinde said. Unfortunately, one of the “not-so-tech-savvy” Union Bank officials fell prey to the phishing email and clicked on the link which released the malware that went viral on the bank’s servers. The hackers would have got their way and swindled the cash but for a silly mistake they made, according to Shinde. When a bank does a SWIFT transaction during the day, they typically get a reconciliation report the next day and all the corresponding banks send them the “end-of-the-day balance” report the following morning. When Union Bank got it from the originating bank, they saw a difference of $170 million and that alerted them because of one mistake—the hackers deleted the six entries they had made. “That’s why we say it’s quite similar to the Bangladesh online heist (theft of $81 million from the central bank of Bangladesh in February 2016). If they had not deleted the entries, it would have taken some more time for the bank to realise that there are fraudulent transactions,” Shinde explained. Every bank runs a reconciliation process at the end of the day. The malware that infected the central bank of Bangladesh, too, had a component which manipulated the SWIFT’s prt file. The prt file is a print file which usually prints the report of transactions for that day. For instance, if the report shows 106 transactions when they have actually done only 100 transactions, the discrepancy will come to light. This is one reason why the hackers deleted the six transactions in the Union Bank episode. However, this is also the reason that the hack was discovered. So what did Union Bank do? Shinde recalls some RBI officials being there when the forensics began. “The CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) had not come yet. The cybercrime cell officials were there. Traditional police mentality was it must be some insider,” Shinde said. Even a First Information Report (FIR) was filed almost a month after the incident, according to Tiwari. “It took us sometime to zero down on the fact that the attack was similar to what happened in the Bangladesh case,” Shinde explained. EY officials went about doing an analysis of the server and “some network forensics”. They, thus, narrowed down on the systems involved. “Imaging takes 48 hours, indexing takes 24 hours. For instance, when you put a system to do imaging of the disk, it takes two days for a 2 terrabyte (TB) hard disk. There is a lot of time lag that happens. We had a tough time facing the regulators and security officers. It was a high-pressure environment. RBI used to call us every day, asking us what happened. We had to tell them that analysis takes time,” Shinde said. The problem, according to Shinde, is that EY had access only to a “limited set of logs”. Organizations, according to Shinde, typically keep logs in the system for a period of 2-4 months and not for 1-2 years. The reason is also that the data is humongous. “If someone had the ability to analyse a two-year log, you’d have different answers coming out. It’s very difficult. So attribution of zeroing down on a particular geography is very difficult.” In UBI’s case, the UBI employee was sitting in the Mumbai office. But he could have been anywhere. Given that networks of most organizations are flat, SWIFT networks are not segregated—one computer can reach the other computer very easily, according to Shinde. The objective of the attacker is to infect anyone and then start searching for critical systems within the network. In technical terms, it’s called lateral movement, Shinde explained. After analyzing the problem with the “limited resources” on hand, Union Bank delinked its “380-odd SWIFT pan-India connections” in a bid to centralize operations. “Then we created space in this building (Union Bank Bhavan), and had around 40 hotline operators manning the phones. I had told them that nobody will leave till such time that this is put in place and tested,” Tiwari explained. The ploy worked. As regulation necessitates, Union Bank informed the exchanges on 22 July that “…there was an attempted cyber incidence in USD Nostro Account of the bank. The money trail was promptly traced and movement of funds was blocked. Resultantly, there is no loss caused to the bank”. “What pains me —in cricket, we call this a late run. The headlines (referring to reports that appeared a year after the heist) are screaming as if this happened yesterday,” Tiwari rued. He added, “We had, and have, concurrent manual checks too. In all these kinds of heists, money is lost or partly retrieved. Credence must be given that we did not lose a single cent. We recovered about 70% of the money within 24 hours. The last tranche of $30 million took me 50-60 hours because of a legal process.” But isn’t prevention better than cure? Union Bank, according to the 22 July press statement to the exchanges, added that a cybersecurity forensic audit was being done to “identify, plug any gaps and strengthen the system. “There is no impact on the Bank’s operations,” the note concluded. The question that begs an answer—one which even Tiwari could not answer satisfactorily—is who was to blame for the lapse: Union Bank or SWIFT? Kiran Shetty, CEO of SWIFT India, insisted that “SWIFT’s system has not been compromised. We have not got a cyber report from Union Bank or any forensic report from them. The investigation is closely held by them. In most cases, when cyber attacks happen, people are not forthcoming with information. We have not been exposed to full details.” “Globally, there are controls and principles we are defining. We are revisiting the vendors that we have in terms of our connection. We have never been compromised. We are only doing pieces to further strengthen the evolution of our system. We are doing roadshows across five cities in India along with the Indian Banks Association talking about cyber security controls, cyber hygiene, etc,” Shetty said. Shetty, though, acknowledged that “cyber threat is real and is growing”. According to him, the pace of digitization that we have seen in the last decade and at a more accelerated pace, requires the same level of investment on the cyber side as well. The regulator (RBI), he added, has introduced regulations around a CISO (chief information and security officer) directly reporting to the board. There is also a customer security programme where “we are now mandating 27 controls, of which 16 are mandates and 11 are advisory. If you don’t have 16, we will start reporting to the regulator.” Implementation of all these regulations will have to be done by the end of the year. Even Tiwari expressed his inability to share a copy of the forensics report. “I cannot share further details because even I don’t have a copy,” he said. Tiwari, however, pointed out that the measures his bank has undertaken after the incident last July included the “most stringent filtering, awareness of employees, whitelisting (proactive security technique that only allows a limited set of approved programs to run while blocking the others), BIOS passwords (to prevent external devices from accessing computers and servers) and engagement with regional office levels constantly”. He added, though, that even as the bank was fortifying its IT platform “trying to see how to make your processes efficient”, he would not rule out future cyber attacks. “We have put the best IT guys on the jobs and even a CISO but the fact is that however many locks you put on the door, a burglary can still take place. The point is to remain alert and put measures in place, which we have done already,” Tiwari insisted. Shinde concurred that cyber crimes are well thought and well researched most of the times. Even when EY does cyber attack simulations, the first part is the reconnaissance phase. “It’s like in any war on an attack, you first do a thorough reconnaissance on the target to see how weak they are, what controls are there, who to target first, what are the avenues for entry, how many avenues are there,” Shinde explained. Shinde added that one can easily pick up and sniff out email addresses from employees putting news on groups, public forums. “It’s possible that Union Bank, too, could have been targeted via a reconnaissance exercise. This is just one bank which has come out in the open. We don’t know how many banks are there who have gone through the same incident and not reported it to the regulator,” Shinde said, concluding, “Even if you fix everything, you cannot rule out the chance that it will not happen again. In UBI’s case, they responded faster. Today, the response time is critical.” Incidents of hacking in recent times —Federal prosecutors are investigating North Korea’s possible role in a SWIFT hack that resulted in the theft of $81 million from the central bank of Bangladesh in February 2016, according to a 15 April report in the New York Times. Security researchers found that traces of code used in the Bangladesh theft had been used in a cyber attack against Sony in 2014, which the Obama administration and security experts blamed North Korean hackers for carrying out, the report added. Soon after RBI asked Indian banks to immediately put in place a cyber security policy. —Card data of 3.2 million customers was stolen between 25 May and 10 July in 2016 from a network of Yes Bank Ltd ATMs managed by Hitachi Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. —Axis Bank reported cyber security breach in October 2016; malware found in its server; no monetary loss reported. —Bank of Maharashtra lost Rs25 crore when a bug in the Unified Payments Interface (UPI) system allowed people to send money without having the necessary funds in their accounts earlier this year. —On 8 April SBI ATM in Odisha spews out cash without any card being swiped. Physical malware attack suspected in these ATMs. Gopika GopakumarLeslie D'Monte Topics: Union Bank of India hacking bank accounts phishing email Union Bank hacked More From Livemint READ MORE Wholesale inflation up 5.7% in March Ten Bollywood movie franchises that have been successful Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte wins TIME 100 reader poll, Modi draws a blank First Published: Mon, Apr 17 2017. 04 38 AM IST Editor's Picks How Union Bank was hacked and got its money back Snapdeal acquisition to benefit Tiger Global more than Flipkart What Suresh Prabhu can learn from Dave Donaldson’s paper on Indian Railways Latest News Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte wins TIME 100 reader poll, Modi draws a blank SC may soon set up constitution bench to hear Delhi govt pleas on L-G’s powers India seeks an end to urea imports in 5 years Use of kerosene, diesel falls, LPG consumption rises on clean energy drive Delhi police books AIADMK’s Dinakaran for trying to bribe EC Mint On Sunday The fairy tale rise of Aizawl FC India’s African heritage Honey, I know what you did last night Letter from... the Republic of Jugaad Jellyfisher Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Vetr Inc. Downgrades Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) to Sell Coach Inc (COH) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Upgrades Deere & Company (DE) to “Buy” Dollar General Corp. (DG) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc. Altria Group Inc (MO) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Morgan Stanley (MS) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Upgrades Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) to “Buy” Vetr Inc. Upgrades Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) to “Buy” Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Vetr Inc. Lowers Under Armour Inc (UA) to Buy United Technologies Co. (UTX) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Cempra Inc (CEMP) Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to Hold Tesla Inc (TSLA) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Upgrades TESARO Inc (TSRO) to Strong-Buy Gold Fields Limited (GFI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Analysts Expect City Holding Company (CHCO) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $44.75 Million Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc. April 16th, 2017 - By Renee Jackson - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) was upgraded by equities research analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note issued to investors on Monday. The firm presently has a $235.71 price target on the investment management company’s stock. Vetr‘s target price indicates a potential upside of 5.55% from the stock’s current price. A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on GS. Compass Point began coverage on Goldman Sachs Group in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $250.00 price target for the company. Berenberg Bank cut Goldman Sachs Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $140.00 to $190.00 in a research report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Macquarie reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued an “equal weight” rating and set a $262.00 price objective on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $223.77. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) traded down 1.08% during trading on Monday, hitting $223.32. The stock had a trading volume of 3,653,655 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $238.83 and its 200-day moving average price is $220.28. The company has a market cap of $92.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.71 and a beta of 1.50. Goldman Sachs Group has a one year low of $138.20 and a one year high of $255.15. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 18th. The investment management company reported $5.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.76 by $0.32. The firm earned $8.17 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.80 billion. Goldman Sachs Group had a return on equity of 9.78% and a net margin of 24.17%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $4.68 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.59 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 2nd were given a $0.65 dividend. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.16%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, February 28th. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio is currently 15.89%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc.” was published by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/16/goldman-sachs-group-inc-gs-stock-rating-upgraded-by-vetr-inc-updated.html. In other Goldman Sachs Group news, EVP Alan M. Cohen sold 5,599 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $250.16, for a total transaction of $1,400,645.84. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 77,135 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,296,091.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP John F.W. Rogers sold 32,325 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $250.06, for a total value of $8,083,189.50. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 94,458 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $23,620,167.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 128,590 shares of company stock valued at $30,926,594. 2.61% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in GS. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC boosted its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 0.4% in the third quarter. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC now owns 1,046 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $169,000 after buying an additional 4 shares during the last quarter. Fiera Capital Corp boosted its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Fiera Capital Corp now owns 1,430 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $342,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Argent Trust Co boosted its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 0.8% in the third quarter. Argent Trust Co now owns 1,638 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $264,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the last quarter. Alpha Cubed Investments LLC boosted its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 0.3% in the third quarter. Alpha Cubed Investments LLC now owns 4,850 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $782,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Alpha Windward LLC boosted its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 2.2% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 838 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $135,000 after buying an additional 18 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.77% of the company’s stock. About Goldman Sachs Group The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPMorgan beats, investment bank has a record quarter Matt Turner Apr. 13, 2017, 6:39 AM 6,392 facebook linkedin twitter email print JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon.Getty/Win McNamee JPMorgan reported first-quarter net income of $6.4 billion, or $1.65 a share. "We are off to a good start for the year with all of our businesses performing well and building on their momentum from last year," JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon said in a statement.  The numbers included a $373 million tax credit. Stripping that out, earnings were $1.58 a share, ahead of analyst expectations of $1.52. "We view this release as Solid and Positive," Credit Suisse said in a note.  The performance was driven by strong gains in corporate and investment banking and commercial banking, with both posting record income. Consumer and community banking profits dropped.  Here are the headline numbers: Company-wide net income: $6.4 billion, up 17%. Company-wide managed revenue: $25.6 billion, up 6%. Consumer and Community Banking net income: $2 billion, down 20%.  Corporate and Investment Bank net income: $3.2 billion, up 64%. Commercial Banking net income: $799 million, up 61%. Asset and wealth management net income: $385 million, down 34%. The strong performance in the investment bank was helped by a better-than-expected performance in trading. Markets and investor services revenue, at $6.5 billion, were up 13% year-on-year, with the fixed income, currencies, and commodities business enjoying a strong start to the year. The bank said the securitized products, rates, and credit units all had a strong quarter. Multiple units in the bank posted a record quarter (emphasis ours): Corporate and Investment Bank: "Record net income and Investment Banking fees for a first quarter of $3.2 billion, up 64% and $1.8 billion, up 37%, respectively." Commercial Bank: "Record revenue of $2.0 billion, up 12%; record net income of $799 million, up 61%." Asset and wealth management: "Record average loan balances of $118 billion, up 7%; record average deposit balances of $159 billion, up 5%. Record assets under management ("AUM") of $1.8 trillion, up 10%." NOW WATCH: HBS professor on Wells Fargo: 'Clawbacks are nice but they're not really solving the problem in a deep way' Loading video... More: Wall Street JPMorgan Q4 earnings Investment Banks Earnings facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPMorgan beats, investment bank has a record quarter JPMorgan beats, investment bank has a record quarter JPMorgan reported first-quarter net... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Guest Global blockchain innovation: U.S. lags, Europe and China lead Richard Kastelein@expathos April 16, 2017 8:35 AM Tags: blockchain, Richard Kastelein Image Credit: Pushish Images/Shutterstock No one can predict the future of blockchain in the same way we could not predict the future of the Internet in the early ’90s. But it is clear this technology is going to have a significant impact. From corporations to startups and governments to organizations, the race is on to tap into the concept of distributed and decentralized trust in order to reduce friction and build more honest, transparent, and efficient frameworks for business and governance. The U.S. has been somewhat quiet on the blockchain startup front, which has more to do with regulatory issues than a lack of companies that can innovate, and that has resulted in an absence of blockchain buzz in Silicon Valley. Kraken and Coinbase are both in the Bay Area but are cryptocurrency-centric, and there’s a real shortage of U.S.-based blockchain startups working on projects in health, energy, insurance, supply chain, and many of the other verticals that are being explored in other countries. Although a quarter of all global blockchain companies on Outlier Ventures’ brilliant blockchain tracker are from the U.S., they are mostly cryptocurrency or bitcoin-focused; few are tapping blockchain’s huge potential for non-currency purposes. New York is the epicenter of the American blockchain community, primarily because the financial industry is scrambling to figure out how to deal with the very real threat it is facing with distributed ledger technology. But New York is also home to a couple of big players outside finance: Consensys is the main player on the global Ethereum stage pushing blockchain beyond banking. And Digital Asset Holdings has raised more than $70 million from 15 of the world’s largest technology and financial firms to build secure and distributed processing tools to speed up settlement, reduce costs, and enhance security and transparency in regulated industries. CEO Blythe Masters, an economist and former executive at JPMorgan Chase, turned down a job to run Barclay’s investment division to build the company. SEC puts breaks on U.S. ecosystem But overall, the blockchain ecosystem in America is moving slowly. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has put up a major roadblock to innovation by not addressing the new phenomenon of Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) and providing no regulatory framework for them to exist, thus stagnating U.S. blockchain developments. While Singapore and Switzerland are starting to swing open the doors as the only two jurisdictions in the world where tokens are treated as an asset and not as a security, the SEC is dragging its heels, which is not good for American innovators who want to raise funds using these unique financial instruments or for Europeans and Asians who want to open up to U.S. investors. Some European ICOs are even IP-blocking Americans from participating due to the potential legal implications; and that’s not great for American investors. However, American Brock Pierce and his VC team from Blockchain Capital recently decided to take a chance at disrupting their own industry by doing their own ICO — the world’s first KYC AML compliant crowdsale. Pierce raised 20 percent of his firm’s next fund by selling digital tokens to investors last week, pulling in $10 million in six hours. But it was not easy. He had to incorporate the entity doing the ICO in Singapore and use Regulation S and D exemptions with the SEC in order to raise money from international investors as well as domestic investors. For the U.S., that limited the raise to a mere 99 accredited American investors, while the rest of the world could invest as much as it wanted. “It’s my belief that in the next 10 or 20 years, no startup in the world will be financed in any way other than as a token,” Pierce told American Banker. The good news is that at least eight states are working on blockchain legislation promoting the use of bitcoin and blockchain technology, which is promising. But on the federal level, no bills have been submitted. Canada proves more blockchain friendly Canada has an active blockchain startup community mainly due to the fact that Ethereum emanated from the Toronto bitcoin community and there is a cluster of talent centralized in the country’s largest city, starting with Vitalik Buterin, who is the brain behind Ethereum. Not to mention, William Mougayar and Don Tapscott, two of the most prominent authors in the blockchain space are also out of Canada. And unlike the U.S. SEC, which has been quiet, the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) have been more proactive by launching a new fintech “sandbox” program aimed at blockchain startups and other firms working with financial technology. China actively fosters blockchain adoption Figuring out what is going on in China is always complicated when you are looking in from the outside. According to Jane Zhang from Skyledger, based in Shanghai, the government is taking a tolerant approach. Zhang, a power player in the Chinese blockchain community says they are smart enough to know the next big thing. In a recent interview she said that some of the bitcoin exchanges are even lending without a banking license, which, she says, shows the Chinese government is more interested in protecting innovation than anything else. “The central government is putting massive investment into some of the poorer regions in China and are planning to build blockchain parks to entice some of the top blockchain minds globally to come to China backed with significant funding,” said Zhang. “There are a lot more blockchain startups this year than last year.” Her own team at Skyledger consists of an elite global group of blockchain developers, many from Eastern Europe, who have moved over to Shanghai to work on her private blockchain platform, which was just chosen by the Dubai government for Customs and Immigration. The ICO scene is currently unregulated in China with over two million people participating and more and more blockchain startups choosing token sales to raise innovation and growth capital. “The Chinese government do not see the ICOs as a threat,” Zhang said. “They are actually encouraging them simply by the fact they are not stopping them.” The Chinese market has seen a flurry of developments over the past year with the formation of consortia such as: China Ledger Alliance: Comprises regional exchanges to create an open source blockchain protocol to support an eventual ‘Internet of Everything’ for China. Financial Blockchain Shenzhen Consortium: Has members that include Ping An Insurance (part of R3, a global consortium of more than 50 financial companies involved in R&D for blockchain usage) and a Tencent subsidiary. This consortium intends to collaborate on research and group-wide blockchain projects, with a focus on capital markets technology, securities exchange, trading platforms, banking, and life insurance. It aims to create a securities trading platform prototype and develop credit, digital asset registry, and invoice management services. Qianhai International Blockchain Ecosphere Alliance: Aims to establish an efficient ecosystem for developing blockchain technology and its applications by combining mainland China and international talent, technology, and capital. The Alliance, which includes Microsoft, IBM, and Hong Kong’s Applied Science and Technology Research Institute (ASTRI), hopes to accelerate the commercialization of blockchain R&D and promote its application to support China’s social and economic development Australia, New Zealand test the waters And not to leave out Antipodea, Australia’s Central Bank is conducting internal blockchain research and China behemoth Alibaba is using blockchain to fight China’s fake food, with a supply chain project being trialed in New Zealand and Australia. Europe in the lead Europe in many ways has led the blockchain rush. The notable open source culture that permeates the continent lends itself well to the new dynamic of blockchain, and both private and public entities are actively involved in blockchain projects. And in fact, the majority of ICOs are currenting being conducted by European blockchain startups — many from Eastern Europe. In terms of blockchain hubs, the main concentrations of startups are in London, Amsterdam, Barcelona, Berlin, and Switzerland’s Cryptovalley. Estonia’s Guardtime is not only working with its own government to use blockchain for health records but has also contracted with organizations such as NATO. Plus, America’s Nasdaq has reached out to the tiny country in the Baltics to develop applications. Skype cofounder Jaan Tallinn has also kicked off a blockchain startup marketplace based in Estonia called Funderbeam. The United Kingdom’s chief scientist, Sir Mark Walport, unleashed a massive 88-page blockchain report in January, outlining the potential of blockchain and showing how it can transform the delivery of public services and boost productivity in government. Soon after, GovCoin Systems Limited, a London-headquartered financial technology company, announced blockchain trials to support government aims in streamlining the distribution of welfare benefits. The Isle of Man government has begun to use a blockchain registry to record which companies on the Isle of Man are active in using the system of distributed online ledgers. Bank Of England Governor Mark Carney stated earlier this year that the BoE is looking into the policy and technical issues posed by Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDC) and developing blockchain proof-of-concepts. The Netherlands’ ING Bank completed a whopping 27 blockchain Proof of Concepts (POCs) by February, and Dutch banking giant Rabobank has also been very active. Global health giant Philips was well ahead of the pack, exploring blockchain for health in early 2016. And the Dutch Central Bank did a full fledged bitcoin clone experiment with something called DNBcoin and is moving forward with more tests. The Danish Central Bank is even more game with plans to eventually issue blockchain-based E-krone as its reserve currency. And the French Central bank is also testing blockchain. Sweden is ready to move into land rights with a public-private effort to record land titles on a Blockchain that began in March. Brussels very recently proposed a blockchain pilot to examine regulatory issues as the executive branch of the European Union wants to create a blockchain proof-of-concept focused on regulation. Although the legal aspects have not been sorted out at the EU level, Switzerland is forging the way. In April, Swiss regulatory body FINMA announced its supportive position for a new licensing category for financial innovators carrying out some banking activities, but with limited acceptance of client assets and no lending activity. Compared to a full bank, the licensing requirements would be less extensive because the risks are lower and the scope of business is limited. This is a game changer for ICOs. Therefore, it’s no wonder that the 30 km vale between Zug and Zurich has been coined Cryptovalley and is considered the center of the blockchain startup ecosystem globally. Who will move fastest? The next few years are going to be interesting as blockchain continues to gain traction and creates both threats and opportunities to existing business models. The question is: Who will innovate fastest with this technology? It’s up in the air at this point, but clearly ICOs are going to have an impact on the ecosystem in the short to medium term; and much will depend on the regulators who have the power to freeze or free up the new liquidity being created via ICOs, which will provide the fuel for the next generation of blockchain innovation. Richard Kastelein publishes Blockchain News and is currently interim Chief Marketing Officer for Blockchain Humanitarian startup Humaniq. He is the founder of ICO design and architecture firm Cryptoalchemy and cofounder of education company Blockchain Partners. Kastelein has advisory roles with ICO-fueled Blockchain startups DECENT and Exscudo, sits on the steering committee of the Blockchain Ecosystem Network, and is involved with Europe’s upcoming ICOs event, CryptoFinancing, in London. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MTS Systems Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.69 Per Share Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact QAD (QADA) Share Price $0.83 Earnings Per Share Expected for Regency Centers Corp (REG) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) to Post $0.28 EPS Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Magic Software Enterprises (MGIC) Stock Price MTS Systems (MTSC) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds $0.28 Earnings Per Share Expected for Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Will Announce Earnings of $1.19 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Nice Ltd (NICE) to Post $0.64 Earnings Per Share Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Increases Position in Macquarie Infrastructure Corp (MIC) Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Purchases Shares of 4,050 Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) Parametrica Management Ltd Sells 1,100 Shares of Cable One Inc (CABO) Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Has $395,000 Position in WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) SYSCO Co. (SYY) Shares Bought by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Parametrica Management Ltd Takes Position in Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Echostar (SATS) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.10 Snap-on (SNA) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.04 Somewhat Negative News Coverage Likely to Impact SeaWorld Entertainment (SEAS) Share Price Shell Midstream Partners (SHLX) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.09 Zacks: Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts MTS Systems (MTSC) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) has been trending positive recently, according to Alpha One. The research firm, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. MTS Systems earned a media sentiment score of 0.44 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned headlines about the company an impact score of 100 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is extremely likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next several days. Here are some of the news headlines that may have effected Alpha One’s analysis: MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research (americanbankingnews.com) MTS Systems Corp. :MTSC-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : April 14, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Edited Transcript of MTSC earnings conference call or presentation 11-Apr-17 2:00pm GMT (finance.yahoo.com) MTS Reports Financial Results For Fiscal Year 2016 Full Year And Fiscal Year 2017 First Quarter (finance.yahoo.com) Stocks to Watch: RetailMeNot, United Continental, Hub Group (finance.yahoo.com) A number of research analysts recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $61.00 price target on MTS Systems and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Sunday, December 18th. Zacks Investment Research raised MTS Systems from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $58.75. MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) traded up 1.87% on Friday, reaching $46.25. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 145,853 shares. MTS Systems has a 52-week low of $41.53 and a 52-week high of $59.57. The firm has a market cap of $771.17 million, a PE ratio of 22.46 and a beta of 1.54. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $53.52 and its 200 day moving average price is $53.02. MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, April 10th. The company reported $0.55 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.82 by $0.27. MTS Systems had a net margin of 5.37% and a return on equity of 12.45%. The business earned $199.28 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $206.72 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.61 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 41.8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that MTS Systems will post $2.24 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 20th were issued a $0.30 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 16th. This represents a $1.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.59%. MTS Systems’s payout ratio is currently 58.54%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “MTS Systems (MTSC) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/mts-systems-mtsc-earning-positive-media-coverage-report-finds.html. MTS Systems Company Profile MTS Systems Corporation is a supplier of test systems and position sensors. The Company operates through two segments: Test and Sensors. The Test segment provides testing solutions, including hardware, software and services to ground vehicles, materials and structures markets. The Sensors segment provides position sensors for a range of industrial and mobile hydraulic applications. Receive News & Ratings for MTS Systems Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent U.S.’ top prep basketball player is son of ex-C.R. Jefferson star Illinois man dies in Interstate 80 car-motorcycle crash in Iowa City Iowa City man accused of bringing LSD to meeting with police Small Iowa school district embraces big changes for collaboration Iowa abortion bill comes with add-ons ‘Little Free Pantry’ up and running as part of Eagle Scout project Coe College connects students with alumni for friendship, advice Cedar Rapids 2016 flood costs close in on $7 million, with total still a moving target Some Iowa legislators go it alone on votes Art for Peace shines spotlight on Sudan Wall Street slides as investors weigh global risks Wells Fargo profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh Video Photo A street sign for Wall Street is seen outside the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in Manhattan, New York City, U.S. December 28, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly By Reuters Apr 13, 2017 at 4:26 pm | Print View Major U.S. stock indexes fell on Thursday for a third straight day as investors weighed earnings reports from big banks and geopolitical tensions, while the tech sector fell for a tenth consecutive session. Wells Fargo shares fell 3.3 percent, pulling down the S&P 500, after the bank reported a drop in mortgage banking revenue. Berkshire Hathaway also disclosed late on Wednesday that it had cut its stake in the bank. JPMorgan fell 1.2 percent and Citigroup slipped 0.8 percent, even as those companies reported better-than-expected quarterly profits. Banks revealed more evidence of a slowdown in loan growth in their reports. The S&P 500 banks index closed at its lowest point since early December. Investors have sought safe-haven assets throughout the week due to geopolitical tensions in Syria and North Korea. News of a massive bomb being dropped by the United States in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday added to uncertainty. Kate Warne, principal investment strategist at Edward Jones in St. Louis, said a dip in bond yields put pressure on stocks ahead of a holiday weekend in the United States. “What we’ve seen is investors from the rest of the world putting more money in U.S. Treasuries” due to geopolitical concerns, Warne said. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 138.61 points, or 0.67 percent, to 20,453.25, the S&P 500 lost 15.98 points, or 0.68 percent, to 2,328.95 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 31.01 points, or 0.53 percent, to 5,805.15. The benchmark S&P 500 has climbed 8.9 percent since President Donald Trump’s Nov. 8 election, supported by his planned economic agenda of tax cuts and economic stimulus. But the rally has stalled the past six weeks as some investors question Trump’s ability to enact his proposals. There is “some concern among investors that there is now a shift going on in Washington to international and away from a domestic policy,” said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. The S&P 500 financial index dropped 1.3 percent, its fifth straight day of losses. Energy shares were the worst-performing group, falling 1.8 percent. The technology sector fell 0.4 percent, marking its longest losing streak since May 2012. The results from banks kicked off what is expected to be a strong first-quarter U.S. reporting season. S&P 500 companies are expected to post a 10.4 percent rise in earnings for the period, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. “We could have double-digit earnings growth; we haven’t seen that in some time,” said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York. “Investors are going to be impressed with that.” A report from the University of Michigan showed that consumer sentiment unexpectedly strengthened in April as consumer optimism on current economic conditions climbed to its highest level since November 2000. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Wireless airwaves auction could shape th ... Trump breaks silence on North Korea, def ... April the giraffe, after a very long pre ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 17 Apr 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Real estate prices to fall 30% in Saudi: experts Saudi Arabia must push to diversify energy resources UAE bank results point to improvements in asset quality Saudi, Oman to lead GCC investments in cultural tourism Real estate prices to fall 30% in Saudi: experts Abu Dhabi's Mubadala, Eshraq Properties explore real estate partnership Abu Dhabi's $1bln mall with indoor snow park delayed until 2020 Aldar targets mid-market housing due to growing demand Dubai's Arabtec appoints Peter Pollard as Group CFO Abu Dhabi's $1bln mall with indoor snow park delayed until 2020 Dubai Metro extension work gathers steam Rotana plans four new hotels in Abu Dhabi Mai Dubai to expand water bottling facility Saudi Aramco's refinery plans set to sweeten IPO Saudi Arabia must push to diversify energy resources Oil down slightly in subdued trade UAE bank results point to improvements in asset quality Saudi's Riyad Bank reports 10.8% profit fall but beats forecasts Saudi banks down on 9/11 lawsuit, real estate weighs on Abu Dhabi HSBC to pay $2mln to resolve U.S. civil loan fraud lawsuit UAE's proposed new sukuk guidelines to boost standardisation of rules Qatar Islamic Bank posts 12.8% profit rise Dubai DMCC looks to expand into new commodities Saudi Arabia sets size of debut dollar sukuk at $9bln Taxi hailing app launched in Oman Oman seeks bigger share of multi-billion dollar e-commerce pie Facebook shareholders propose reports on 'fake news', pay equality Uber may face $1mln fine over California drunken-driving complaints Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi to shelve, reform billions of dollars of unfinished projects: sources Political crisis looms in Kuwait Iran launches offshore gas projects in Gulf Saudi-led coalition 'will not allow Houthi militia to become another Hezbollah' Real estate prices to fall 30% in Saudi: experts Saudi to shelve, reform billions of dollars of unfinished projects: sources Saudi, Oman to lead GCC investments in cultural tourism Smart City: Dubai plans to go paperless by 2021 Canada announces new sanctions against officials in the Syrian regime President Abbas may seek ‘unprecedented steps' to end Palestinian split Pope condemns Aleppo bus convoy attack that killed at least 112 Syria's Assad says Idlib chemical attack 'fabrication' Cairo court acquits Egyptian-American of human trafficking charges Sudan inflation hits 34.68% in March Modernisation of Algerian agriculture to help achieve food security Tunisia launches 93 green start-ups On Easter, Pope denounces oppressive regimes but urges restraint Iran launches offshore gas projects in Gulf Pakistan hate speech investigation against clerics after student killed for alleged blasphemy Rouhani says Iran needs "no one's permission" to build missiles Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Saudi Aramco's refinery plans set to sweeten IPO Dollar hits 5-month low vs yen as North Korea tensions mount UAE's proposed new sukuk guidelines to boost standardisation of rules Oil down slightly in subdued trade Mideast stocks factors to watch on April 17 US markets brace for sell-off as concerns heighten Saudi banks down on 9/11 lawsuit, real estate weighs on Abu Dhabi Dubai's DWE and DFM to reinforce women representation on boards of listed companies Dollar hits 5-month low vs yen as North Korea tensions mount GCC money exchanges discuss demonetisation issue with India's central bank Gold hits five-month high as Trump comments hurt dollar Yen hits multi-month peaks vs peers on rising geopolitical tensions Oil down slightly in subdued trade Iran launches offshore gas projects in Gulf Most oil producers want extension of output cuts -Iran minister Brent may average $57 this year if Opec extends output cuts: Samba Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Know your law: New drivers to get two-year licence in UAE Saudi Shoura Council approves selective tax draft Saudi Shoura member in favor of women driving UAE leads the way in fight against fake medicines Know your law: New drivers to get two-year licence in UAE Saudi to shelve, reform billions of dollars of unfinished projects: sources Saudi Shoura Council approves selective tax draft UAE leads the way in fight against fake medicines UAE leads the way in fight against fake medicines Jordan vows 'immediate deportation' of illegal foreign workers Safety norms risk workers' lives in Oman, companies warned Dubai Municipality to use DNA mapping to detect food fraud Know your law: New drivers to get two-year licence in UAE Saudi Labor Ministry identifies car rental suggestions Saudi to shelve, reform billions of dollars of unfinished projects: sources UAE leads the way in fight against fake medicines Know your law: New drivers to get two-year licence in UAE Saudi Shoura member in favor of women driving Cairo court acquits Egyptian-American of human trafficking charges Parliament to debate citizenship right for Bahraini mothers Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Innovative 'Ooho' water balls to cut plastic waste Leaning forward during phone use may cause 'text neck' Motor racing: Vettel wins Bahrain Grand Prix for Ferrari Call to cut junk from office vending machines Leaning forward during phone use may cause 'text neck' Call to cut junk from office vending machines Emirati athlete inspires other women to run Bounce to keep the weight off UAE to launch evaluation process of 162 schools Qatar sets out criteria for government school admissions Kuwait's Alimtiaz raises $120mln from HumanSoft stake sale Steep rise in private school costs in UAE unjustified: FNC Fake products sell because of the price Qatar plans online parking reservations Qatar's FIFA World Cup to improve expats' living conditions-survey New malls to help promote active and healthy lifestyle Travel and tourism competitiveness: UAE tops region Scholar examines 'bizarre' early human burial practices in Levant Taxi hailing app launched in Oman Easier visa regime to boost Oman tourism Next Star Wars to feature new female character Experience 3D music to Indiana Jones, Jurassic Park at Dubai Opera Hollywood's Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner file for divorce Jude Law to play young Dumbledore in next 'Fantastic Beasts' UAE win Under-15 GCC Golf Championships Motor racing-Vettel wins Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Hamilton Motor racing: Vettel wins Bahrain Grand Prix for Ferrari Emirati athlete inspires other women to run Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article manufacturing Bahrain's Alba secures $700million in export credit financing for line 6 expansion project 16 April, 2017 Alba’s Chairman of Board of Directors, Shaikh Daij Bin Salman Bin Daij Al Khalifa 16 April 2017 Aluminium Bahrain B.S.C. (Alba), home-base of the Line 6 Expansion Project, is pleased to announce that it has secured commitments of c. US$ 700 million from Export Credit Agency (ECA) supported facilities to finance Line 6 Expansion Project.  The facilities are made-up of a dual tranche of c. US$ 310 million and c. EUR 315 million SERV Guaranteed Export Credit and c. EUR 50 million Euler Herms Guaranteed Export Credit. The SERV-backed facility will fund the Company’s Power Station 5 (PS5) wherein General Electric (GE), EPC contractor, will provide three 9HA gas turbines, three steam turbines and three heat recovery steam generators (HRSGs). This facility will have a 15-year tenor and the principal amount will be repaid over 12-year period. The Hermes-backed facility will finance the Power Distribution Systems (PDS) where Siemens will construct and commission High Voltage electrical network and provide Gas Insulated Switchgear (GIS) up to 220kV.  This facility will have a 14-year tenor and the principal amount will be repaid over 12-year period. Commenting on this milestone, Alba’s Chairman of Board of Directors, Shaikh Daij Bin Salman Bin Daij Al Khalifa said: Advertisement “Securing the Export Credit Financing for Power Station 5 and Power Distribution System is a strong vote of confidence in Line 6 Expansion Project. We look forward to work with the Swiss and German Governments as well as with GE and Siemens to progress with Line 6 as per schedule.” JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is acting as the ECA coordinator to assist the Company in arranging the ECA facilities. Further information will be provided in due course. Expected to start metal production in early 2019, Line 6 Expansion Project will boost the per-annum production by 540,000 metric tonnes upon its full ramp-up, bringing Alba’s total production capacity to 1,500,000 metric tonnes per annum to make Alba the world’s largest single-site aluminium smelter.   -Ends- About Alba: Aluminium Bahrain B.S.C. (Alba) - one of the largest and modern aluminium smelters in the world - is renowned for its premium grade aluminium products, technological strength and innovative policies, strict environmental guidelines and high track record for safety. Established in 1971 as a 120,000 tonnes per annum smelter, Alba today produces more than 970,000 metric tonnes per annum of the highest grade aluminium, with products including standard and T-ingots, extrusion billets, rolling slab, properzi ingots, and molten aluminium. Alba is listed on both the Bahrain Bourse and London Stock Exchange, and the Company’s shareholders are Bahrain Mumtalakat Holding Company (69.38%), SABIC Industrial Investment Company (20.62%) and the General Public (10%). About Line 6 Expansion Project: Alba’s Line 6 Expansion Project is one of the largest brownfield developments in the region. Expected to begin production by early 2019, this Project will boost the smelter’s per-annum production by 540,000 metric tonnes, bringing its total production capacity to around 1.5 million metric tonnes per year. With a CAPEX of approximately US$ 3 billion, the Line 6 Expansion Project involves the construction of a sixth pot line utilising EGA’s proprietary DX+ Ultra Technology, a 1,792 MW power station and other industrial services. Bechtel is the EPCM contractor for the Line 6 Expansion Project smelter. For Power Station 5 (PS 5), GE and GAMA Consortium was awarded the EPC contract, while Siemens is the Power Distribution System contractor.  J.P. Morgan Limited, Gulf International Bank (GIB) and National Bank of Bahrain (NBB) are the Financial Advisors for this Project. The Bankable Feasibility Study was completed by Bechtel in December 2014. In June 2015, Alba Board approved the Line 6 Expansion Project and in November 2015, Alba secured the natural gas supply for this Project. The Line 6 Expansion Project will make Alba the world’s largest single-site aluminium smelter and be a significant economic boost for the Kingdom of Bahrain due to the many co-investment opportunities through local and foreign aluminium investments. For further details, please contact:  Eline Hilal Manager – Investor Relations & Corporate Secretary  Investor Relations & Public Relations Department Tel:         (973) 1783 5100 (direct) Fax:       (973) 1783 3822  E-mail:   eline.hilal@alba.com.bh Website: www.albasmelter.com.bh Follow us on:  http://www.twitter.com/Alba4World  http://www.facebook.com/Alba4World http://www.instagram.com/Alba4World  http://www.linkedin.com/company/aluminium-bahrain http://www.youtube.com/Alba4World © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: financial services construction bahrain Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Forum International announces the appointment of a new Director -Dubai, United Arab Emirates 2 hours ago New asst. director of sales At Millennium Airport Hotel Dubai 24 hours ago Chairman & CEO of DAMAC Properties, Hussain Sajwani, top real estate CEO in the GCC 13 Apr 2017  from TRACCS ABB appoints Mostafa AlGuezeri as Managing Director of ABB in the UAE and Gulf countries Mostafa AlGuezeri new Managing Director for its operations in the United Arab Emirates and Gulf countries. 13 Apr 2017 Centrify identity services appoints new EMEA channel director 13 Apr 2017  from OAK Consulting Swiss ABB technology appoints Mostafa AlGuezeri as Managing Director in the United Arab Emirates and Gulf countries 12 Apr 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 April 2017 by Military News Chase Named Presenting Sponsor of Carry The Load® Contribution from Chase for the third consecutive year enables nonprofit to continue honoring our nation’s heroes DALLAS, Apr. 10 /CSRwire/ – (Marketwired) – Carry The Load announces Chase, the U.S. consumer and commercial banking business of JPMorgan Chase & Co., as the presenting sponsor of its 2017 National Relay for the third consecutive year. Chase’s support helps ensure that Carry The Load, started in 2011, can commit to providing active, meaningful ways to honor and celebrate the sacrifices made by our nation’s heroes. As part of its Awareness Program, Carry The Load hosts its annual National Relay throughout the month of May to honor the sacrifices made by our nation’s heroes. Funds are raised throughout May for Carry The Load’s Continuum of Care Program which provides direct services to military, law enforcement, fire and rescue personnel, and their families through our partnerships with other nonprofits across the country. „Six years ago, we set out to restore the true meaning of Memorial Day — a holiday deserving of our nation’s attention, affection and respect,” said Stephen Holley, president and CEO of Carry The Load. „We’ve since broadened our mission to include more than just our military heroes and more than just one holiday. We are proud that Chase continues to help us, and America, celebrate, honor and remember those who sacrifice for us daily.” The 31-day relay will span more than 6,000 total miles and is comprised of a 2,100-mile East Coast route from West Point, NY to Dallas and a 4,100-mile West Coast route from Seattle to Dallas. The two routes converge in Dallas on Memorial Day for a more than 20-hour and 17-minute Memorial March. Registration information and event details can be found at carrytheload.org. „It’s our honor and privilege to support Carry The Load again this year and the important message that we must remember our service members and first responders who gave the ultimate sacrifice on behalf of us all,” said JPMorgan Chase Head of Military and Veterans Affairs Ross A. Brown. From April 28 to May 28, the relay will progress 24 hours a day, with rallies taking place in various cities and towns along the route. Chase will host rallies in Seattle, New York City, Wilmington, Del., Phoenix, Columbus, Ohio, Tampa, Fla. and Jacksonville, Fla. where thousands of employees and volunteers in the communities will walk and gather to remember those who have lost their lives. Chase’s support of Carry The Load reflects the firm’s ongoing commitment to the veteran and military communities. Since 2011, the firm has hired more than 11,000 veterans and developed programs aimed at retaining and supporting veterans throughout their post-service careers. These efforts include leading the Veteran Jobs Mission — previously the 100,000 Jobs Mission — a coalition founded in 2011 by JPMorgan Chase and 10 other companies with the goal of hiring 100,000 veterans. Now more than 235 members strong, the coalition has collectively hired more than 380,000 veterans, and is ultimately committed to hiring 1 million. About Carry The Load® Carry The Load is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in 2011 by two former Navy SEALs. Carry The Load’s mission is to provide an active way to honor and celebrate our nation’s heroes by connecting Americans to the sacrifices made by Military, Law Enforcement, Firefighters and First Responders. Funds raised during Memorial May programs allow Carry The Load to grow its vision and execute its mission, as well as provide existing nonprofit partners with valuable visibility, resources and meaningful connections. For more information, follow us on Facebook or Twitter (@CarryTheLoad), or go to carrytheload.org. About JPMorgan Chase Chase is the U.S. consumer and commercial banking business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. Chase serves nearly half of America’s households with a broad range of financial services, including personal banking, credit cards, mortgages, auto financing, investment advice, small business loans and payment processing. Customers can choose how and where they want to bank: Approximately 5,200 branches, more than 16,000 ATMs, mobile, online and by phone. For more information, go to Chase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Circular Economy Summit: From Aspiration to Implementation Next PostNext U.S.-India CSR Symposium: Making Economies Work for Women and Youth Search Recent Posts G20 summit on 7 and 8 July 2017 in Hamburg Germany’s G20 Presidency begins Agriculture is a key factor in achieving stability Together against climate change Global solutions needed for global challenges Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Hot Topics AAPL S&P 500 Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Uncategorized > Should You Buy Big Banks Ahead of Earnings? (JPM, C) Names like JPMorgan (JPM) and Citigroup (C) could do OK, but smaller Silicon Valley-based SVB could be a true star By Matt McCall, Editor, FUTR Stocks and ETF Bulletin  |  Apr 12, 2017, 1:55 pm EDT     Popular Posts: Under Armour Inc (UA) Stock Will Get on Track, But Not Today Where I See Opportunity in Gold Should You Buy Big Banks Ahead of Earnings? (JPM, C) Recent Posts: Where I See Opportunity in Gold Under Armour Inc (UA) Stock Will Get on Track, But Not Today Should You Buy Big Banks Ahead of Earnings? (JPM, C) View All Posts Earnings season is about to kick into high gear with some of the major financial companies reporting tomorrow. Investors have a lot to digest, so is this an opportunity or a danger? Source: via Wikimedia Results from the big financials are always key, but this go-round is even more important than usual as the market wrestles with the Federal Reserve raising rates – which should be good for financials — and yet bond yields remain stubbornly low. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), for example, has fallen 9% since its all-time high just six weeks ago but remains significantly higher since November’s election. While earnings on the S&P 500 are projected to grow nearly 9%, expectations for the major banks are actually low — a paltry 0.2% increase over last year. Keep in mind, though, that a low bar often leaves a lot of room for outperformance, which can move stocks higher. Let’s look at a couple of the most important banks in the world, both of which will release their results early tomorrow. Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C) is expected to earn $1.24 a share on revenue of $18.07 billion. The whisper number — which is like Wall Street’s private estimate — is higher at $1.30 per share. I also think there’s a good chance C will beat the $1.24 consensus. The company has a large international exposure, and with the developed and emerging markets around the globe generally strong over the last quarter, this could result in a nice boost to the bottom line. Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Q1 Earnings Preview Wall Street is looking for JPM to report $1.52 per share on $24.57 billion in revenue. Once again, the whisper number is higher at $1.59. In the annual report JPM released last week, the company highlighted rising sentiment against globalism and noted that it is preparing for the U.K. exit from the European Union. Because the major banks are global players, it will be important to see if the numbers show any effect from anti-globalism views. You should also watch for comments on interest rates going forward and the increasingly tense geopolitical situation. SIVB: A Next-Generation Bank While I have nothing against the big financials, they have already enjoyed a nice run since the election. And let’s face it, they’ve been around a long time and they are huge. I see better plays out there with more upside and less risk. One I like is SVB Financial Group (NASDAQ:SIVB), the holding company for Silicon Valley Bank, which is positioned well to take advantage of higher interest rates in the months and years ahead, not to mention continued improvement in the U.S. economy. As you can tell by the name of the company, it’s located in Silicon Valley, which remains a hub of innovation and technology. This strategic location has been a big boost to the earnings and will continue to be for the foreseeable future. As a matter of fact, it is one of the few companies that have seen their earnings estimates increase over the last month, now up to $1.85 for the first quarter. 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 As with any stock, there are prime buying and selling opportunities along the way, and I use the charts to determine those. In the big picture, though, SVB is a next-generation bank that is helping finance tomorrow’s technology breakthroughs. That makes it a new way to play financials and a stock to keep on your radar for a long time. Matthew McCall is the founder and president of Penn Financial Group, an investment advisory firm, as well as the editor of FUTR Stocks and the ETF Bulletin. Matt is currently in the midst of an exciting launch centered around his trademark three-prong investing approach that targets the mega-trends old Wall Street is missing out on. His next-gen investing strategy is delivering enormous profits in stocks and ETFs. Click here for more information on his latest venture. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/should-you-buy-big-banks-ahead-of-earnings-jpm-c/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement Plans 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down 7 Energy Stocks That Will Strike It Big 3 Blue-Chip Plays for Big-Time Income 3 ETFs That You Never Have to Check Up On 10 Spring Cleaning Tips for Your Portfolio ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Energy Stocks That Will Turn 2017 on Its Head 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement 3 ETFs That You Never Have to Check Up On 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long 3 Blue-Chip Covered Calls for Big-Time Income Most Popular 7 Energy Stocks That Will Turn 2017 on Its Head 7 Tech Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long 3 High-Profit Stocks to Buy on Consumer Confidence  The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items “I’m Back in the USSR / You Don’t Know How Lucky You Are” - 04/16/2017 - Lambert Strether Washington DC Area Meetup on Friday, April 28! - 04/16/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/16/17 - 04/16/2017 - Lambert Strether Pittsburgh Post-Gazette: “Medication Errors in Hospitals Don’t Disappear with New Technology.” Government: “It’s the Doctors’ Fault.” - 04/16/2017 - Lambert Strether Criticism of Private Equity Fees Going Mainstream: Pew and CalPERS Versus Yale and Industry Stalwarts - 04/16/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/15/17 - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith California and Trump’s Feds Headed to Major Clash on Immigration - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith Why You Can’t Have a Shorter Workweek - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/14/2017 - 04/14/2017 - Lambert Strether Big US Banks Make Laughable Excuses for Preserving Failed Universal Bank Model Posted on April 14, 2017 by Yves Smith In today’s lead story at the Financial Times, Big US banks defy calls that they should be broken up, American megabanks make clear that they don’t think much of the financial savvy of investors or the business press. In quarterly earning calls, bank analysts were pressing executives on the news reports that former Goldman exec, now director of the National Economic Council Gary Cohn told senators last week told a group of senators that he was in favor of Glass-Steagall break-up-the-banks style legislation. Our comments: Wake me up when this gets serious. Cohn made it clear that he supported a breakup bill. While Trump has also said he wanted to revive Glass-Steagall, he didn’t say that very often on the campaign trail and there are many things he did say often and pretty consistently, like questioning why the US is carrying so much of the cost of NATO, he’s either reversed himself or is now backing a weak-tea version that his base regards as a sellout, such as Trump’s promises about NAFTA. Plus any Glass-Steagall type bill gets passed only over rabid anti-regulation House Financial Services committee chairman Jeb Hensarling’s dead body. Don’t buy Jamie Dimon’s Brooklyn Bridge. Big complicated banks are not good for investors, no matter how much banks put their hands on their hearts and try to convince you otherwise. Here was the argument, per the pink paper: The biggest banks in America are defying calls to break themselves up, arguing that the benefits of size and diversity were on display during a very mixed set of first-quarter results. At JPMorgan Chase, finance chief Marianne Lake said on Thursday that the bank’s universal model was a “source of strength” for the broader economy, as she unveiled a 20 per cent drop in quarterly profits from consumer banking. In the investment-banking part of the business, however, profits were up 64 per cent from a bleak period a year ago, boosted by a surge in bond trading and plenty of sales of debt and equity by big companies. Anyone with proper finance training can tell you this is nonsense. Investors should be making portfolio diversification choices, not corporate execs asserting “synergy” on their behalf. Investors love earnings streams that are not much or better yet negatively correlated with the stock market; that’s one of the reasons they were willing to pay hedgies their inflated management and carry fees. Hedge funds promised returns that didn’t synch with stock market averages. When that proved to be less and less true and the results weren’t so hot generally, investors started beating a major retreat from the strategy. If banks have all sorts of interesting return profiles hidden away in their various business lines, it would be much better in terms of the overall returns for investors owning those stocks to break them up.1 However, big complicated banks are good for securities analysts, since the complexity gives them more to do and thus creates the appearance that they are adding value to investors. So don’t expect any critical scrutiny of this bank PR from them. The idea that bigger banks are better is a flat-out canard that we’ve debunked regularly since the inception of this site. Suffice it to say that every study ever done of US banks shows that they have a slightly negative cost curve once a certain asset size threshold is passed. Translation: bigger banks are actually have higher expenses per dollar of bank assets than smaller banks. Now you might say, “But what about those bank mergers where they fire lots of people! Doesn’t that prove bank consolidation saves costs?” No. The cost curve issue means the banks that were combined could have gotten those expenses lowered all on their own, and maybe some more. However, mergers provide an excuse to do what managements normally are too nice or too lazy to do, which is get ruthless about headcount. Finally, the one real synergy is one that is dangerous to the public: the use of bank deposits to fund derivatives. Yes, Virginia, a whole lot of derivatives are booked in bank depositaries. For instance, to a bit of outcry, in 2011, Bank of America moved derivatives from Merrill Lynch into Bank of America NA. And why was that? The banking subsidiary had a better credit rating, meaning lower costs, because that’s where the deposits sat. As we wrote at the time: Even though I’ve expressed my doubts as to whether Dodd Frank resolutions will work, dumping derivatives into depositaries pretty much guarantees a Dodd Frank resolution will fail. Remember the effect of the 2005 bankruptcy law revisions: derivatives counterparties are first in line, they get to grab assets first and leave everyone else to scramble for crumbs. So this move amounts to a direct transfer from derivatives counterparties of Merrill to the taxpayer, via the FDIC, which would have to make depositors whole after derivatives counterparties grabbed collateral. It’s well nigh impossible to have an orderly wind down in this scenario. You have a derivatives counterparty land grab and an abrupt insolvency. Lehman failed over a weekend after JP Morgan grabbed collateral. But it’s even worse than that. During the savings & loan crisis, the FDIC did not have enough in deposit insurance receipts to pay for the Resolution Trust Corporation wind-down vehicle. It had to get more funding from Congress. This move paves the way for another TARP-style shakedown of taxpayers, this time to save depositors. No Congressman would dare vote against that. And in case you think I’m exaggerating, the FDIC objected to the move, but the Fed took the position that it would “give relief” to the bank holding company. Bank of America took the position it has the authority to make this move, and since JP Morgan then had 99% of the notional value of its $79 trillion of derivatives booked in its depositary, JPMorgan Chase Bank NA, there was ample precedent. 2 And as we’ve also written regularly, over the counter derivatives are the biggest source of interconnected among too-big-too-fail banks. So getting derivatives out of depositaries would shrink the derivatives market by making them more costly and reduce systemic risk. Keep your eye on the ball of the real reason for bankers wanting ginormous banks: executive pay. Bank CEO and C-suite pay is a function of bank size and complexity. Simpler, smaller banks mean much less egregiously paid top brass. Thus bear in mind the incentives for banks to bulk up: The bank that buys another bank gets to pay everyone at the top more, and the execs of the gobbled-up bank get huge consolation prizes. And all sorts of other people are feeding at the trough too: merger & acquisition professionals, lawyers, accountants, and all sorts of consultants and integration specialists. Our reader Clive will probably tell you the folks that have it the worst who still stay on the payroll are the people in IT. Fortunately, even without all understanding the sordid details, the great unwashed public understands that overly large banks are hard to unwind and will therefore always be propped up, and separately exercise too much political power. But whether popular support will ever become important to Trump is very much in doubt. ____ 1 Absent, of course, breakup costs, but don’t expect banks to give you an honest idea about that if the threat starts looking more serious. 2 Yes, most of these are plain vanilla swaps. But still, no subsidy of this sort is warranted. Taxpayers should not be backstopping capital markets activities. 003422 This entry was posted in Banking industry, Credit markets, Derivatives, Politics, Regulations and regulators, Ridiculously obvious scams on April 14, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← How the Greediest Charter School Operators Loot Taxpayers Via Real Estate Deals Links 4/14/17 → Subscribe to Post Comments 20 comments Adam1 April 14, 2017 at 6:42 am While I would be one of the first to question the sincerity of this effort, I also have to remind myself of the original history of Glass-Steagall’s creation. As I recall many in banking at the time supported it. Not because they wanted the regulation, but because they wanted to knee-cap the House of Morgan. Who’s in Goldman’s cross-hairs? Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorApril 14, 2017 at 7:40 am Yes, I didn’t mention that because I didn’t want to divert attention from the silly excuses, but maybe I should have. But basically all the big banks with deposits that are competitors in derivatives and investment banking businesses, so JP Morgan, Bank of America, and Citi. Even though Wells is the #4 bank in the US, it is pretty much a traditional wholesale/retail bank. Reply ↓ John k April 15, 2017 at 2:11 am So let’s root for Goldman, who clearly has trumps ear… and one case where Goldman is aligned with trumps base. Among others… wonder where MSM aligns when the big boys duke it out… Reply ↓ jerry April 14, 2017 at 10:19 am What a dunce I am. I was shocked Gary Cohn would even consider reimposing Glass Steagall, and for a moment there – silly me! – I thought it possible that a government sachs person would support something in the best interest of the country for that reason alone. Thanks for bringing me back to reality.. Reply ↓ Clearpoint April 15, 2017 at 11:01 am And to think the US government had a chance to put all the big banks out of business in 2008. I guess the best our dysfunctional political system can muster is to set one powerful faction against the other. A small downward blip in an otherwise upward march toward the consolidation of economic power. Sad thing is it’s only an illusion keeping them in power. The reality is that they are so weak that you can almost smell the stench of their rotting carcasses. Break through that illusion and they’ll be scurrying like a bunch of rats. Reply ↓ Sound of the Suburbs April 14, 2017 at 9:14 am Bankers are smart people, but let’s use the flaws in their own arguments. “This company is too large for me to go know what is going on in every department, it was not my fault.” the banking CEO. They expect bonuses from the profits generated everywhere within the bank. We’ve got them banged to rights. You can have whatever size of bank you feel comfortable taking full responsibility for, you will be held to account for all wrong doing within your organisation. With reward comes responsibility. Sorted. Reply ↓ Olga April 14, 2017 at 11:18 am This may have been posted already on NC: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-04-10/kashkari-slams-dimon-in-the-battle-over-bank-capital Interesting Reply ↓ DH April 14, 2017 at 11:46 am Meanwhile, in Italy there is a bank that literally takes cheese as collateral for loans to its local farmers and cheesemakers. That is real community banking for small business. The major US banks would view this as an opportunity to bundle collateralized cheese obligations with multiple derivatives for trading on bets on cheese and dairy prices, probably collapsing the entire cheese industry within five years. http://www.greatbigstory.com/stories/banking-on-cheese/?iid=ob_homepage_deskrecommended_pool Reply ↓ Scott April 14, 2017 at 7:31 pm Heh. Collateralized cheese obligations. Reply ↓ Parker Dooley April 15, 2017 at 2:09 am This is “trading” cheese, not “eating” cheese. Reply ↓ JimTan April 14, 2017 at 12:23 pm I think the universal mega-bank model works just fine. They can be completely trusted to firewall investment bank risk taking from consumers bank deposits. Any risks they do take are managed through highly profitable proprietary derivatives trades collateralized by FDIC insured bank deposits consistently profitable hedging transactions. No need for Glass-Steagall. Reply ↓ Clearpoint April 15, 2017 at 11:10 am Massive profits and no risk. Abracadabra poof… Reply ↓ susan the other April 14, 2017 at 12:42 pm Also back c. 2012 there was international stuff about ensuring that TBTFs were registered in a large-enough tax base (country) to cover a meltdown. Is it illegal now to register a big bank in a little country because that alone precludes derivatives counterpartys from getting their money? this rule and the one allowing derivatives in depositaries followed each other in sync so as to insure derivatives players without a hitch. Malice aforethought. I fail to understand what is so important about derivatives that the industry remains basically unregulated. Maybe we should designate them all to be insurance contracts and turn the insurance industry into a utility. Because we need to to that anyway with “health insurers”. Reply ↓ Stein April 14, 2017 at 1:29 pm Don’t know whether Dodd-Frank provides for this, but under the European BRRD, the resolution mechanism blocks – also – derivative close out netting for a limited period of time. Also, exec. pay becomes more & more regulated. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorApril 14, 2017 at 11:09 pm Problem is that derivative agreements are either US law or English law. and the close out agreements are in them. It isn’t clear that the BBRD can supercede the agreements. So I think everyone who has a position in their favor (has collateral) grabs that and says, “See you in court”. Reply ↓ Jim April 14, 2017 at 5:21 pm Is it true or false that if we had not stepped in with $757.17 B. In taxpayer debt these guys would have blown up (would have had to sell their collateral to another bank) and we wouldn’t be still talking about them? Reply ↓ barefoot charley April 16, 2017 at 6:04 pm False. As Ron Paul’s one-time audit revealed the following year, at the time Congress briefly resisted giving the banksters $757 billion, the Fed in fact gave roughly $8 *trillion* to them, including a trillion or two to subsidiary perps in Europe. In for a billion, in for a trillion if it’s all magic money among friends. (It’s not like anyone could audit them, right?) Reply ↓ Marco Saba (@marcosabait) April 14, 2017 at 6:45 pm No need for banks anymore. Here in Italy we discovered some important things:  1 – There is no law forbidding anyone to create virtual fiat currency (Court of Bolzano, September, 6, 2016);  2 – There is no law governing fiat currency creation – only issuance against existing funds is regulated;  3 – Any debtor creating scriptural money denominated in Euro can pay his debts with this money instead of using legal money and the creditor cannot refuse such payments (Court of Cremona, 2017; Supreme Court of Italy, 2007).  So we started a Facebook page “Moneta Nostra” to teach everyone in the Euro-zone for how to pay his debts through electronic Euro created by him and sent through an email to the creditor (a bank, a financial institution, and the public administration). Here:  https://www.facebook.com/MonetaNostra/  By sending a message to the page, anyone can receive for free the form for the email. The initiative can be duplicated in any monetary area where scriptural money creation is not regulated by law (U.S. and UK, as an example). Reply ↓ Tyronius April 15, 2017 at 6:48 pm Ladies and gentlemen, both staff and commenters, I wish to thank you all for continuing my education in economics through the lens of current events. I also wish to thank you for the ongoing loss of a lot more sleep as a result of learning about the perilous nature of the global banking system. Reply ↓ Spencer April 16, 2017 at 1:32 pm Secular strangulation began, coterminous with the end of Professor Lester V. Chandler’s presupposed monetary offset, viz., the saturation of DD Vt financial innovation, the widespread introduction of ATS, NOW, and MMDA accounts in 1981. I.e., as savings are increasingly impounded within the confines of the commercial banking system, money velocity falls, aggregate demand falls, R-gDp declines, and the vast majority of American’s standard of living disproportionately declines. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments MoiAussie on Links 4/14/17Thanks. One tries. skippy on “I’m Back in the USSR / You Don’t Know How Lucky You Are”Sorry but.... how do you separate money from... Yves Smith on Links 4/14/17The United horrorshow was an extreme rare event... Marina Bart on 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/14/2017But the people in the media have been... Paul Greenwood on “I’m Back in the USSR / You Don’t Know How Lucky You Are”They did not want to be capitalists. The... Topics Africa (18) Australia (128) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,020) Banking industry (4,651) Brexit (48) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (567) Commodities (456) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,626) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (688) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,472) Dubious statistics (578) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,772) Energy markets (507) Environment (457) Europe (621) Federal Reserve (1,268) Free markets and their discontents (1,417) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (326) Globalization (1,098) Guest Post (6,506) Health care (392) Hedge funds (417) Income disparity (964) India (16) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (745) Investment management (499) Investment outlook (852) Japan (204) Legal (1,889) Links (3,054) Macroeconomic policy (974) Market inefficiencies (230) Media appearances (74) Media watch (865) Middle East (142) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (289) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (32) Politics (5,035) Private equity (512) Privatization (67) Real estate (1,524) Regulations and regulators (3,587) Ridiculously obvious scams (444) Risk and risk management (718) Russia (237) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,020) Social values (1,791) Species loss (52) Student loans (52) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (120) Taxes (385) Technology and innovation (456) The destruction of the middle class (1,351) The dismal science (1,461) TPP (83) UK (115) Water Cooler (655) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks Mardan lynching uzair baloch Kulbhushan Jadhav Jufelhurst School Print Story X Print Story Home / business / Dollar regains footing as stock markets sag Dollar regains footing as stock markets sag | By  AAFP | April 13, 2017 Business 0 0 The dollar regained its footing on Thursday after tanking overnight as US President Donald Trump tried to talk the strong greenback down. Stock markets meanwhile churned lower with cautious investors unwinding positions in subdued trade before the long Easter holiday weekend. European equity markets traded near lows after Wall Street came off to a weaker start in a mixed reaction to first-quarter results from heavyweight financials JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo. The European single currency fell back against the dollar, having briefly strengthened after Trump, having overnight tweeted his belief that "economic confidence is soaring", told The Wall Street Journal he was worried about the greenback's strength. "I think our dollar is getting too strong, and partially that's my fault because people have confidence in me. But that's hurting -- that will hurt ultimately," Trump, who has talked the dollar down several times since his election, told the paper. The US unit also posted slight gains against the safe-haven Japanese yen after slumping overnight to a low last seen in November. 'Overdone' "Trump's comments about a stronger dollar continued to drive trading this Thursday, the reaction being slightly overdone thanks to subdued volumes ahead of the Easter break," Spreadex analyst Connor Campbell told AFP. European markets London, Frankfurt and Paris will not reopen until Tuesday, while Wall Street will not trade on Friday. Asian markets were mixed Thursday after Trump also softened his stance on Beijing, easing concerns of a possible trade war, dealers said. Trump also reversed course on an earlier vow to label Beijing a currency manipulator and slap punitive tariffs on Chinese imports. Geopolitical tensions meanwhile continued to weigh on investor sentiment, as ties between the US and Russia turn increasingly frosty over Moscow's backing for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. But Trump's praise for Chinese President Xi Jinping Wednesday raised hopes of easing friction between the two superpowers over dealing with North Korea's nuclear programme. And a surge in Chinese exports in March, the largest jump in two years, bolstered hopes that the world's number two economy is getting back on track after a recent slowdown -- it grew last year at its slowest pace in a quarter of a century. Oil recovers Oil prices recovered after the International Energy Agency said that the world market is "very close to balance" as landmark OPEC-led production cuts are mitigated by rising US supply and slipping worldwide demand growth. But in its monthly report the IEA also said that oil stockpiles probably rose in the first quarter of the year, rattling investors who worry about ongoing oil glut despite OPEC's efforts. Gold continued to sparkle as investors shifted money into safe assets, rising 0.7 percent on the day and taking its rise over the past three months to nearly 7.5 percent. Key figures at 1600 GMT New York - Dow: UP 0.1 percent at 20,599.61 points London - FTSE 100: DOWN 0.3 percent at 7,327.59 (close) Frankfurt - DAX 30: DOWN 0.4 percent at 12,109.00 (close) Paris - CAC 40: DOWN 0.6 percent at 5,071.10 (close) EURO STOXX 50: DOWN 0.6 percent at 3,448.26 Tokyo - Nikkei 225: DOWN 0.7 percent at 18,426.84 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: DOWN 0.2 percent at 24,261.66 (close) Shanghai - Composite: UP less than 0.1 percent at 3,275.96 (close) Euro/dollar: DOWN at $1.0630 from $1.0671 at 2100 GMT Pound/dollar: DOWN at $1.2519 from $1.2544 Dollar/yen: UP at 109.23 yen from 109.07 Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 7 cents at $53.04 per barrel Oil - Brent North Sea: DOWN 20 cents at $55.86 0 0 Dollar regains footing as stock markets sag was posted in business of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on April 13, 2017 and was last updated on April 13, 2017. This news story is related to Geo News, Geo News Latest, Stock Market, Dollar, Trump, Business, World Market. Permanent link to the news story "Dollar regains footing as stock markets sag" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/138000-Dollar-regains-footing-as-stock-markets-sag. More From Business: April 17, 2017 Oil falls after failed North Korean missile test, US rig count gains April 17, 2017 Global carmakers converge on China as rare slowdown looms April 16, 2017 Uber says growth strong as it gives a peek at earnings April 15, 2017 SBP issues restrictions on foreign travel for Pakistani banks' officials April 15, 2017 US inflation, retail sales dip in March April 14, 2017 SBP, Iran’s central bank ink agreement to strengthen banking ties April 14, 2017 Asian shares, won move south on worries over North Korea April 14, 2017 Toshiba denies report of suspension of chip unit sale process Latest News 13 minutes ago Joint operation against TTP chief Fazlullah possible, says Afghan ambassador 32 minutes ago Noreen not a terrorist, she was kidnapped: brother 1 hour ago Man kills four family members over domestic dispute in Nowshera 1 hour ago Five ways the referendum could change Turkey 1 hour ago Erdogan wins Turkey referendum as opposition cries foul 1 hour ago United Airlines removes couple traveling to wedding from plane GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
TRENDING: The Hidden Milk Intolerance You May Be Suffering From Are Montreal Condominiums the Best Living Option? IPOs in 2015 Not So Hot Home Business Breaking Business News Technology Leadership Finance Small Business Entertainment Breaking Entertainment News National Breaking National News Health Environment Education Legal Non Profits World Breaking World News Horoscopes Select Page Home » Business » Technology » Odgers Berndtson Notes Growing Importance of Cybersecurity Executive Leadership Odgers Berndtson Notes Growing Importance of Cybersecurity Executive Leadership Posted by Boris Dzhingarov | Technology | It’s the last thing anyone wants to hear: “Your account has been hacked.” But with almost 2 billion people around the world connected through their use of digital media devices and networks, cyberspace continues to provide rich footholds for enterprising hackers to gain access to both corporate and personal confidential information for their own gains. And, we can only conclude from the increasingly frequent corporate data breaches – including such organizations as Home Depot, McDonald’s, Neiman Marcus, Target, Yahoo, and more – that no one is safe from the threats and the significant costs that result from cyberattacks. With an estimated price tag of about $3.8 million for each security breach, companies are beginning to recognize the need to protect their corporate and consumer data holdings, whether through the introduction of better IT infrastructure or instituting safeguards that protect their investments after a breach has taken place. And, while worldwide spending on information security is expected to grow to $170 billion by 2020 (from $75 billion in 2015), cybersecurity continues to be a major issue for businesses around the globe. According to several studies, only about half of businesses assessed in the U.S., the U.K., and Germany are prepared to deal with cyberattacks. (Of special note: larger U.S. firms were the most targeted among those companies surveyed, with 72% admitting to being attacked over the course of 2016.) Even cyber attackers with only basic skills can cause major disruptions that undermine the privacy and security of corporations and individuals around the world. The reality is that technological solutions are only as good as the processes and people that put them into place and keep them running. Indeed, it’s important to acknowledge the risk of human error in a corporation’s cyber vulnerability. JPMorgan Chase’s security breach in 2014 is one notable example, when hackers penetrated their system by exploiting a server whose security settings hadn’t been updated to dual-factor authentication, and in the process, compromising 76 million household and 7 million small business accounts. Anthony Batchelor, a partner with global executive search firm, Odgers Berndtson, and leader of the firm’s Canadian Technology Practice, agrees and cautions that technology can, in fact, create a false sense of security. “Some companies rely on firewalls and good IT people. But others are saying that’s not enough. A breach is a material event; it almost brought down Sony. You don’t have to look very far to find a person or a company that has been personally compromised.” Batchelor sees technology as one important part of a multi-level approach to cybersecurity vigilance that includes a cultural shift that’s driven from the board-level down through an organization’s ranks. Organizations and companies from the top down need to take ownership of the cybersecurity issue. It simply can’t be left to “the IT folks” to deal with anymore. It’s a business, not an IT issue. “I can’t say enough about good governance and leadership. It will only take one breach at a company for senior leadership to wake up and say, ‘We need to be better at this.’ Companies need to have more governance at the board level and someone at the C-suite level who will take overall ownership, accountability and responsibility for this ever-increasing business issue.” Protecting proprietary knowledge, client information and system integrity is one of the typical responsibilities of today’s Chief Information Officers (CIO). But as the role of the CIO becomes more complex – picture a mandate that combines the usual accountabilities of a CIO with those of a Chief Technology Officer and a Chief Data Officer, along with requisite expertise in cybersecurity, Big Data/analytics, and more – it opens companies up to increased vulnerability. Recognizing this challenge, more forward-thinking organizations are embracing the role of Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) as the chief defender of their data, platforms and systems. And, given the rate of human error in these corporate breaches, many of these CISOs are seeking out security awareness training for employees with the goal of improving organizational compliance, expanding security knowledge and changing poor security behaviours. Says Mr. Batchelor of Odgers Berndtson: “In five years’ time, the recruitment of CISOs and Board Directors with an information security background could be the fastest growing parts of Odgers Berndtson‘s business, because as companies get more in tune with cybersecurity and their vulnerability to attacks, they’re starting to invest in a both dedicated functional role and increased board governance in their company.” Above all, cyber defenders need to be proactive in their approach to combatting cybersecurity through training and advocacy – putting agile processes in place to keep people in the know as cybersecurity issues evolve over time. Admiral Mike Rogers, who oversees the U.S. Cyber Command, offers the following advice for executives seeking to build “high-reliability organizations” that consistently minimize risk: “[You] have to get beyond focusing on just the tech piece… It’s about ethos. It’s about culture. [It’s about] how you man, train, and equip your organization, how you structure it, the operational concepts that you apply.” By implementing strategic leadership at the top, including introducing a board-level advocate for cybersecurity defense and an executive-level implementer to build processes and safer practices, organizations can successfully mitigate some of the risks of cyberattacks moving forward. Share: Rate: PreviousEager Entrepreneur? Here’s What to Know Before Starting Your Next Business About The Author Boris Dzhingarov Boris Dzhingarov is a business news writer who covers a wide range of issues. ... Follow us on Twitter Follow @axcessnews Search for: Categories Breaking Business News Breaking Entertainment News Breaking National News Breaking World News Environment Finance Health Leadership Legal Marketing Non Profits Small Business Technology Odgers Berndtson Notes Growing Importance of Cybersecurity Executive Leadership What to Do If Your PHP Directories Are Lost 5 Resources For Hobbyist Gamblers From Features to Apps: The Evolution of Mobile Apps Tech See it, Want it, Print it: Digital Printing Continues to Develop Copyright (c) 2003-2017 | AXcessnews.com Home About AXcess News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
World Search Search Sign In VietnamVietnamese Villagers Are Holding Police Hostage in a Rare Protest Over Land Seizures TIME 100Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Wins TIME 100 Reader Poll EgyptEgypt Acquits U.S. Woman Detained for Three Years on Child Abuse Charges Widely Seen as Bogus Sri LankaFury in Sri Lanka After a Garbage Dump Collapses, Killing at Least 26 Syrian president Bashar al-Assad's wife Asma at an event in Paris, Dec. 10, 2010. Miguel Medina—AFP/Getty Images Syria U.K. Lawmakers Want the Syrian President's Wife to be Stripped of Her British Citizenship Kevin Lui 1:17 AM ET Some members of the British Parliament are calling on the government to revoke the U.K. citizenship of Asma Assad, the wife of Syrian President Bashar Assad. Liberal Democrat MP Tom Brake said that the U.K. government should tell her to "either stop using your position to defend barbaric acts, or be stripped of your citizenship," Agence France-Presse reports. The call comes days after Boris Johnson, the British Foreign Secretary, said that the "barbaric" Assad regime should not be allowed to stay in power and blasted Russia for being its "lifeline." Provisions in British law allow the government to revoke the British citizenship of dual-nationality persons suspected of terrorist activities. "The onus will be on the U.K. Government to deprive her of her citizenship or demonstrate that her actions are not seriously prejudicial" to vital British interests, Brake said. Believed to hold both British and Syrian citizenships, Asma Assad was born and raised in London. She worked with JPMorgan as an investment banker, before meeting Bashar Assad in the 1990s and marrying him in 2000, after he became Syria's leader. A spokesperson from the British Home Office told AFP that "we cannot discuss individual cases but the Home Secretary can deprive individuals of their citizenship where it is conducive to the public good to do so." [AFP] Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Sign In Subscribe Search Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health TIME Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE Photography Videos The Goods TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Finding Home Longevity 2017 Looking Forward Next Generation Leaders Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service Follow TIME Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
World Search Search Sign In VietnamVietnamese Villagers Are Holding Police Hostage in a Rare Protest Over Land Seizures TIME 100Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Wins TIME 100 Reader Poll EgyptEgypt Acquits U.S. Woman Detained for Three Years on Child Abuse Charges Widely Seen as Bogus Sri LankaFury in Sri Lanka After a Garbage Dump Collapses, Killing at Least 26 Syrian president Bashar al-Assad's wife Asma at an event in Paris, Dec. 10, 2010. Miguel Medina—AFP/Getty Images Syria U.K. Lawmakers Want the Syrian President's Wife to be Stripped of Her British Citizenship Kevin Lui 1:17 AM ET Some members of the British Parliament are calling on the government to revoke the U.K. citizenship of Asma Assad, the wife of Syrian President Bashar Assad. Liberal Democrat MP Tom Brake said that the U.K. government should tell her to "either stop using your position to defend barbaric acts, or be stripped of your citizenship," Agence France-Presse reports. The call comes days after Boris Johnson, the British Foreign Secretary, said that the "barbaric" Assad regime should not be allowed to stay in power and blasted Russia for being its "lifeline." Provisions in British law allow the government to revoke the British citizenship of dual-nationality persons suspected of terrorist activities. "The onus will be on the U.K. Government to deprive her of her citizenship or demonstrate that her actions are not seriously prejudicial" to vital British interests, Brake said. Believed to hold both British and Syrian citizenships, Asma Assad was born and raised in London. She worked with JPMorgan as an investment banker, before meeting Bashar Assad in the 1990s and marrying him in 2000, after he became Syria's leader. A spokesperson from the British Home Office told AFP that "we cannot discuss individual cases but the Home Secretary can deprive individuals of their citizenship where it is conducive to the public good to do so." [AFP] Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Sign In Subscribe Search Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health TIME Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE Photography Videos The Goods TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Finding Home Longevity 2017 Looking Forward Next Generation Leaders Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service Follow TIME Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vetr Inc. Upgrades Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) to Strong-Buy Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.53 Billion Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion Brokerages Expect WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $12.1 Million Analysts Expect MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $184.8 Million Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $57.95 Million Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Analysts Anticipate Walt Disney Co (DIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $13.41 Billion Analysts Anticipate W. R. Grace & Co (GRA) Will Announce Earnings of $0.63 Per Share Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.23 Per Share A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Facebook Inc (FB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.88 Per Share Muenchener Rckvrrgs Gsllcht Mhn AG (MURGY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.19 Per Share Mondi Plc (MNDI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) PT at $100.00 $0.90 EPS Expected for PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) This Quarter Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $32.86 Million Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (NYSE:AWH) will be releasing its earnings data on Tuesday, April 18th. Analysts expect Allied World Assurance Company Holdings to post earnings of $0.68 per share for the quarter. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (NYSE:AWH) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.48 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.63 by $0.15. The company earned $445.33 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $583.43 million. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 9.91%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.47 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect Allied World Assurance Company Holdings to post $2.70 EPS for the current fiscal year and $2.87 EPS for the next fiscal year. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (NYSE:AWH) opened at 53.10 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $4.64 billion, a PE ratio of 18.70 and a beta of 0.58. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $53.13 and a 200-day moving average of $49.44. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd has a 12-month low of $33.20 and a 12-month high of $54.46. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/allied-world-assurance-company-holdings-ltd-awh-set-to-announce-quarterly-earnings-on-tuesday.html. Several research firms have recently commented on AWH. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. MKM Partners lowered Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $45.00 to $54.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, JMP Securities lowered Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $44.40. About Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG is a holding company. The Company provides property, casualty and specialty insurance and reinsurance solutions to clients around the world. The Company operates in three segments: North American Insurance, Global Markets Insurance and Reinsurance. The North American Insurance segment consists of the Company’s direct insurance operations in the United States, Bermuda and Canada. Receive News & Ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow P&I on Risk retention rules open opportunities for some credit managers Some credit managers see investment opportunities in helping managers of collateralized loan obligations cope with the new risk retention requirements. To view this content, please login or register now. Register for FREE Get access to the latest news on pionline.com Register today and you also get a free two week trial to P&I Daily, our online subscription with full access to all current and archived stories plus the latest industry searches, hires, and RFPs. Register Now Please Log In E-mail  Password  Forgot your password? Remember Me Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us  
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers Balance Sheet: The funded status of corporate pension funds 2017 Low discount rates take toll on largest corporate DB plans Trilbe Wynne | April 17, 2017 12:01 am CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart CEO pay as percentage of net income View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top 10 DC record-keepers The 10 largest defined contribution record-keepers, based on total assets as of Sept. 30, 2016. View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO Animation: P&I 1000 by the numbers View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance A10 Networks Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Anticipate Walt Disney Co (DIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $13.41 Billion Analysts Anticipate W. R. Grace & Co (GRA) Will Announce Earnings of $0.63 Per Share Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.23 Per Share A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Facebook Inc (FB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.88 Per Share Muenchener Rckvrrgs Gsllcht Mhn AG (MURGY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.19 Per Share Mondi Plc (MNDI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) PT at $100.00 $0.90 EPS Expected for PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) This Quarter Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $32.86 Million Zacks: Brokerages Expect Accenture Plc (ACN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $8.84 Billion Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.82 Billion WPX Energy Inc (WPX) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Western Digital Corp (WDC) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.79 Per Share H & R Block Inc (HRB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Conn's Inc (CONN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $360.86 Million Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $579.42 Million Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Galapagos NV (GLPG) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet A10 Networks Inc (NYSE:ATEN) has earned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the five analysts that are presently covering the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating on the company. The average twelve-month price target among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is $9.50. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on ATEN shares. Dougherty & Co boosted their price target on A10 Networks from $10.00 to $10.50 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Zacks Investment Research cut A10 Networks from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Shares of A10 Networks (NYSE:ATEN) traded down 1.36% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $8.72. The company had a trading volume of 153,735 shares. A10 Networks has a one year low of $5.87 and a one year high of $10.87. The stock’s market capitalization is $514.74 million. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $9.15 and a 200-day moving average of $8.80. A10 Networks (NYSE:ATEN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.02 by $0.01. A10 Networks had a negative return on equity of 24.79% and a negative net margin of 9.10%. The firm earned $64 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $60.87 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($0.06) earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 13.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that A10 Networks will post $0.11 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other news, CEO Lee Chen sold 25,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.86, for a total value of $221,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 10,936,538 shares in the company, valued at $96,897,726.68. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Robert D. Cochran sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.99, for a total value of $44,950.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 203,162 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,826,426.38. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 189,534 shares of company stock valued at $1,732,813 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 34.05% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Acadian Asset Management LLC boosted its position in A10 Networks by 0.4% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 101,521 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,085,000 after buying an additional 429 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in A10 Networks by 65.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 31,893 shares of the company’s stock valued at $340,000 after buying an additional 12,666 shares in the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. acquired a new position in A10 Networks during the third quarter valued at $1,904,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in A10 Networks by 248.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,489,555 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,924,000 after buying an additional 1,062,097 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in A10 Networks by 364.0% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 366,096 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,914,000 after buying an additional 287,196 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 54.05% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/a10-networks-inc-aten-receives-average-recommendation-of-hold-from-brokerages.html. About A10 Networks A10 Networks, Inc is a provider of software and hardware solutions. The Company’s solutions enable its customers to secure and optimize the performance of their data center and cloud applications, and secure their users, applications and infrastructure from Internet, Web and network threats at scale. Receive News & Ratings for A10 Networks Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Sensex, Nifty Seen Lower On Global Cues 4/16/2017 11:01 PM ET Indian shares may open a tad lower on Monday, tracking weak Asian markets after North Korea failed in its attempt to test another missile and the U.S. said it is working with China and other allies to develop a "range of options" against the country's "provocative and destabilizing" behavior. The dollar hit a five-month low versus the Japanese yen while the lira jumped after Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan claimed victory in a referendum on Sunday to grant him sweeping new powers. Gold extended last week's rally while oil prices fell below the $53 mark. In economic releases, China's economy grew a better-than-expected 6.9 percent in the March quarter compared to last year, official data showed today. The benchmark index BSE Sensex dropped 245 points last week and the Nifty finished below the 9,200-level, with geopolitical tensions, a slew of disappointing macro data and lower revenue guidance from IT major Infosys keeping underlying sentiment cautious. ACC, IndusInd Bank, HDFC Bank, Hindustan Zinc, MindTree and Yes Bank are among the prominent companies due to announce their quarterly results this week. On the macroeconomic front, the government will release wholesale inflation numbers for March later today. U.S. stocks fell on Thursday to extend losses for the third straight session as flaring tensions in North Korea, Russia and Syria helped fuel demand for safe-haven assets. Traders also reacted to a slew of economic reports and earnings news from financial giants JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo. The Dow and the S&P 500 dropped around 0.7 percent to hit their lowest levels in two months, while the Nasdaq Composite shed half a percent. European stocks ended Thursday's session modestly lower as investors digested U.S. President Donald Trump's comments about the dollar and interest rates. The pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index slid 0.4 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Unhappy Campers: The 10 Most Miserable Nations on Earth Feeling Groovy: The 10 Countries With the Best Healthcare The Ten Largest Economies In Africa Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global Sensex Down 35 Points In Early Trade; Nifty At 9137 Asian Shares Retreat After North Korea's Failed Missile Test China Shares Figure To Remain Rangebound Taiwan Stock Market May See Renewed Consolidation Malaysia Bourse May Extend Thursday's Losses Rally May Stall For South Korea Stock Market Major Averages Close Lower For Third Consecutive Session - U.S. Commentary Choppy Trading Remains Visible On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary European Markets Pull Back Ahead Of Easter Holiday Stocks Showing A Lack Of Direction In Morning Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks May See Further Downside In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Sensex Drops 182 Points On Weak Macro Data; Nifty Ends At 9150 Wall Street May See Cautious Start; Bank Earnings Hold Key European Shares Retreat On Trump Talk Asian Shares Mixed After Trump Comments <<Previous        80 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Wells Fargo Q1 Profit Tops View, But Revenue Misses Citigroup Q1 Profit Up 17%, Results Beat View JPMorgan Q1 Results Top Estimates Microsoft Hardware Event On May 2, But No Surface Phone Cathay Pacific CEO Ivan Chu To Step Down After First Loss In 8 Years Food Delivery Robots Debut In San Francisco Lawsuit Claims CEO Said App 'Only For Rich People' Uber PR Head Leaving Vodafone Scraps Roaming Charges In 40 Countries Gainers & Losers Of Apr.12: ADPT, NBIX, NOVN, PLX, ALBO... AERI's Rocket Hits Target, ENTL Gets FDA Nod, NOVN Jumps On Positive Trial Data Microsoft Hardware Event On May 2, But No Surface Phone CenturyLink & Level 3 Expect To Complete Merger By Sept. 30, 2017 - Quick Facts Infosys Q4 Profit Rises, Sees Higher Revenues In FY18; Stock Dips - Quick Facts Cadence Bancorp Prices 7.5 Mln Shares IPO At $20/share The Smokehouse Of NY Recalls Smoked Fish Products Food Delivery Robots Debut In San Francisco Shaw Communications Reports Freedom Mobile Leadership Transition - Quick Facts National Grid Expects Net Benefit To FY EPS To Be 5p Higher Than Prior View Lawsuit Claims CEO Said App 'Only For Rich People' Company Spotlight: Incyte The Smokehouse Of NY Recalls Smoked Fish Products Fastenal Co. Q1 Income Rises 6% Novan Reports Positive Topline Results With SB208 In Phase 2 Trial X5 Retail In Cooperation Deal With Centrosoyuz To Open Up To 1,000 New Stores Total: Hanwha Total JV To Expand Daesan Refining & Petrochemicals Platform Nintendo Record 906,000 Switch Consoles Sold In U.S. In March Chevron Reportedly Exploring Sale Of Canada Oil Sands Stake First Horizon National Reports 13% Gain In Q1 Bottom Line JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reveals 17% Increase In Q1 Profit Infosys Ltd Profit Rises 2% In Q4 Motorola Solutions Signs A$50 Mln Deal With Police In Victoria, Australia Ahold Delhaize Confirms 2017 Target Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News General Electric Company (GE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $26.36 Billion $2.61 Billion in Sales Expected for Jacobs Engineering Group Inc (JEC) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $4.57 Billion $117.69 Million in Sales Expected for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. (TNP) This Quarter The Parkmead Group plc (PMG) Receives Buy Rating from FinnCap NEXT plc (NXT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Kier Group plc (KIE) Price Target to GBX 1,639 Brokerages Expect OFG Bancorp (OFG) to Post $0.26 Earnings Per Share Carpetright plc (CPR) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Analysts Set Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) PT at $153.67 Brokerages Set International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Price Target at $471.06 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Receives $87.14 Consensus PT from Brokerages Analysts Set British American Tobacco plc (BATS) Target Price at $5,316.18 UBM Plc (UBM) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Brokerages Set Mitchells & Butlers plc (MAB) Price Target at $282.42 Ferrexpo Plc (FXPO) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Analysts Set Northgate plc (NTG) Target Price at $551.14 Zacks: XCel Brands Inc (XELB) Receives Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Analysts Set Supergroup PLC (SGP) Price Target at $1,803.89 $1.20 Earnings Per Share Expected for Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) This Quarter $117.69 Million in Sales Expected for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. (TNP) This Quarter April 16th, 2017 - By Doug Wharley - 0 comments Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Wall Street brokerages forecast that Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. (NYSE:TNP) will report $117.69 million in sales for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Four analysts have made estimates for Tsakos Energy Navigation’s earnings. The highest sales estimate is $124.91 million and the lowest is $110.87 million. Tsakos Energy Navigation reported sales of $99.64 million in the same quarter last year, which indicates a positive year over year growth rate of 18.1%. The business is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings report on Tuesday, May 30th. On average, analysts expect that Tsakos Energy Navigation will report full-year sales of $117.69 million for the current year, with estimates ranging from $433.54 million to $513.03 million. For the next financial year, analysts anticipate that the firm will report sales of $512.27 million per share, with estimates ranging from $468.41 million to $560.48 million. Zacks Investment Research’s sales calculations are a mean average based on a survey of research analysts that cover Tsakos Energy Navigation. TNP has been the topic of several research reports. Clarkson Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Maxim Group initiated coverage on Tsakos Energy Navigation in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $9.00 price target on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Tsakos Energy Navigation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. Tsakos Energy Navigation has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $7.08. Shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation (NYSE:TNP) traded down 1.04% on Thursday, hitting $4.76. The company had a trading volume of 240,386 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $4.67 and a 200-day moving average of $4.74. Tsakos Energy Navigation has a 12-month low of $3.92 and a 12-month high of $6.67. The company has a market cap of $398.51 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.13 and a beta of 1.87. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, April 25th will be issued a $0.05 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, April 21st. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.20%. Tsakos Energy Navigation’s dividend payout ratio is currently 25.32%. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D boosted its position in Tsakos Energy Navigation by 118.1% in the third quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 25,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 13,700 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in Tsakos Energy Navigation by 29.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 396,423 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,911,000 after buying an additional 91,187 shares during the last quarter. Kopernik Global Investors LLC boosted its position in Tsakos Energy Navigation by 30.5% in the third quarter. Kopernik Global Investors LLC now owns 3,354,509 shares of the company’s stock valued at $16,168,000 after buying an additional 783,364 shares during the last quarter. WealthTrust Axiom LLC boosted its position in Tsakos Energy Navigation by 11.9% in the third quarter. WealthTrust Axiom LLC now owns 230,860 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,112,000 after buying an additional 24,627 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Tsakos Energy Navigation by 70.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 354,239 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,707,000 after buying an additional 146,382 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 27.25% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “$117.69 Million in Sales Expected for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. (TNP) This Quarter” was posted by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/16/117-69-million-in-sales-expected-for-tsakos-energy-navigation-ltd-tnp-this-quarter.html. About Tsakos Energy Navigation Tsakos Energy Navigation Limited is a provider of international seaborne crude oil and petroleum product transportation services. The Company operates through maritime transportation of liquid energy related products segment. It operates a fleet of approximately 50 modern crude oil and petroleum product tankers that provide marine transportation services for national and other independent oil companies and refiners under long, medium and short-term charters. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Tsakos Energy Navigation (TNP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Stock Ratings for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Wall Street To Corporate America: Thanks Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 16, 2017 4:56pm   Comments Share: Related C Fast Money Final Trades For April 17 Jim Cramer: Forget Bank Earnings, Focus On Facebook Big Week For Dow Stock Earnings; Netflix Too: Investing Action Plan (Investor's Business Daily) Related JPM Investing 101: Buying And Selling Stocks For The Average Joe Or Jane Jim Cramer: Forget Bank Earnings, Focus On Facebook US Market Indexes Lower on Thursday With Additional Geopolitical Risks (GuruFocus) American companies have been very active in selling bonds during the first three months of 2017. According to Gadfly's Lisa Abramowicz, this implies that Corporate America owes Wall Street bans a big thank you. Abramowicz commented in a report that companies raised more than $416 billion in debt from January through March, which in turn generated billions of dollars in fees for Wall Street banks. Just as important, newly issued debt sees higher trading volume than old ones which implies a "standout" quarter is expected for fixed-income trading desks. Abramowicz continued that these factors are important for investors to keep in mind heading into earnings season when some of the largest banks, including JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) and Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) report this week. In fact, both JPMorgan and Citi boast the two largest fixed-income trading desks based on global revenues. Why Are Companies Borrowing? Companies are borrowing money to buy back their own stock or pursue M&A activity which presents one of two scenarios. First, investors will continue debating if issuing this debt is worthwhile, or the borrowing binge will slow down when interest rates move higher or if the economy cools down. For the time being, perhaps this doesn't matter as bank investors are looking forward to what may be further record earnings. Bottom line, the heightened debt market activity has provided an "unabashed boon for Wall Street's largest trading houses." Related Links: Q1 Earnings Kick Off: Can Big Banks Reignite Sagging Rally In The Space? Rafferty's Dick Bove: Citigroup Has Room To Grow Posted-In: debt Debt Raise Gadfly Lisa AbramowiczMarkets Media General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (C + JPM) Fast Money Final Trades For April 17 Investing 101: Buying And Selling Stocks For The Average Joe Or Jane Jim Cramer: Forget Bank Earnings, Focus On Facebook Earnings Season's Back: Stocks With Big Upside JPMorgan Chase Higher In Volatile Session After Q1 Beat Big Bank Bonanza: Financial Sector Earnings In Spotlight But Market Still Nervous View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on C Trending Recent 1 FB, SNAP: Jim Cramer: Forget Bank Earnings, Focus On Facebook 2 HLF, SEAS: 'Betting On Zero,' Bill Ackman's Anti-Herbalife... 3 CVX, JNJ: United Airlines Should Learn From How These 6 Companies... 4 TWTR, AMZN: Investing 101: Buying And Selling Stocks For... 5 TGT: Target Recalls Potentially Fatal Easter Eg... 6 AXP, HM-B: Instagram Influencer Market Expec... 7 SPX, SPY: 'Mother Of All Bombs... 1 TGT: Target Recalls Potentially Fatal Easter Egg Toys 2 FB, TWTR: Investing 101: Buying And Selling Stocks For The Average Joe Or Jane 3 CF, SYT: Will Ag Stocks Flourish Now That California's 5-Year Drou... 4 CNK, RGC: The 'Fate' Of 2 Theater Stocks Ahead Of A &#... 5 ADDYY, AXP: Instagram Influencer Market Expected To Doub... 6 SPX, SPY: 'Mother Of All Bombs' Made... 7 INTU, TAX: 8-Step Guide To Doing Your Taxes View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Capital Structure 101: What Different Shareholder Classes Mean For Investors
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Capital Business Washington-area appointments and promotions for April 10 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Aaron Gregg By Aaron Gregg April 16 at 11:40 AM Companies Atlas Research of the District appointed John Sepulveda director for human capital strategy. RMR & Associates of Rockville appointed Guy Shields a senior vice president. S.S. Papadopulos & Associates of Bethesda appointed Alex Spiliotopoulos an associate. WhiteBoard Advisors of the District appointed Anna Kimsey Edwards chief advocacy officer. Associations and nonprofits Biden Foundation of the District appointed Gautam Raghavan lead consultant for the equality pillar and Lynn Rosenthal policy director for the ending violence against women pillar. Infectious Diseases Society of America of Arlington appointed Simintha Esson chief development officer. Ingleside at Rock Creek appointed Rosalind Wright director of health services. National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association of Alexandria appointed Laura O’Neill-Kaumo senior vice president for advocacy. Plastics Industry Association of the District appointed Perc Pineda chief economist. United Way Worldwide of Alexandria appointed Mary Sellers its president in the United States. Real Estate Bozzuto Group of Greenbelt appointed Brian Valle vice president of finance and Jeff Cellio director of warranty services. Finance J.P. Morgan Private Bank of the District appointed Geoffrey Hart and Justin Bakewell bankers and executive directors, Danielle Juda banker and vice president and Kirsten Sandberg client adviser and executive director. Law and lobbying Bisceglie & Walsh of the District appointed Caitlin Gritt partner. DLA Piper of the District appointed Raphael Larson partner. Faegre Baker Daniels of the District appointed Tricia Beckmann and Darrin Munoz directors. Hunton & Williams of the District appointed Kevin White co-head of the labor and employment practice. Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp of the District appointed Alexandra Meise of counsel. Rasky Partners of the District appointed Jessica Tocco senior vice president. — Compiled by Aaron Gregg Send information about promotions, appointments and personnel moves in the Washington region to appointments@washpost.com. business capitalbusiness true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 NASA just snapped the first photos of a mysterious crack in one of Greenland’s largest glaciers 2 Even Canadians are skipping trips to the U.S. after Trump travel ban 3 Perspective The ‘Trump bump’ has turned to a ‘Trump thump’ 4 Which state sends most taxes to DC? Hint: It’s not a state 5 Analysis Asian Americans used to be portrayed as the villains. How did they become a ‘model minority’? The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA -0.67% NASDAQ -0.53% Get quote Last Update: 04/17/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business capitalbusiness Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Atria Investments LLC Purchases 383 Shares of J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Shares Bought by Atria Investments LLC Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Stake Raised by BLB&B Advisors LLC BLB&B Advisors LLC Sells 470 Shares of Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Integrated Wealth Management Has $223,000 Position in Halliburton Company (HAL) Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.69 Per Share Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact QAD (QADA) Share Price $0.83 Earnings Per Share Expected for Regency Centers Corp (REG) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) to Post $0.28 EPS Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Magic Software Enterprises (MGIC) Stock Price MTS Systems (MTSC) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds $0.28 Earnings Per Share Expected for Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Will Announce Earnings of $1.19 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Nice Ltd (NICE) to Post $0.64 Earnings Per Share Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Increases Position in Macquarie Infrastructure Corp (MIC) Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Purchases Shares of 4,050 Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) Parametrica Management Ltd Sells 1,100 Shares of Cable One Inc (CABO) Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Has $395,000 Position in WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) SYSCO Co. (SYY) Shares Bought by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Parametrica Management Ltd Takes Position in Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Stake Raised by BLB&B Advisors LLC April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BLB&B Advisors LLC increased its stake in Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) by 3.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 78,497 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock after buying an additional 2,666 shares during the period. BLB&B Advisors LLC’s holdings in Vodafone Group Plc were worth $2,075,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 31.0% in the fourth quarter. Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC now owns 16,251,160 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $397,016,000 after buying an additional 3,848,108 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 60.8% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 8,392,856 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $205,037,000 after buying an additional 3,173,700 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley boosted its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 26.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 12,976,510 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $378,265,000 after buying an additional 2,700,640 shares during the period. Highfields Capital Management LP boosted its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 676.5% in the fourth quarter. Highfields Capital Management LP now owns 2,537,817 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $61,999,000 after buying an additional 2,211,000 shares during the period. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 27.2% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 7,799,564 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $227,357,000 after buying an additional 1,665,847 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 9.59% of the company’s stock. Shares of Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) traded down 0.81% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $25.80. The company had a trading volume of 2,975,116 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is $72.01 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $25.91 and its 200-day moving average is $26.07. Vodafone Group Plc has a 12-month low of $24.17 and a 12-month high of $34.70. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/vodafone-group-plc-vod-stake-raised-by-blbb-advisors-llc.html. Several equities analysts have weighed in on VOD shares. Zacks Investment Research cut Vodafone Group Plc from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Vodafone Group Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Bank of America Corp cut Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Standpoint Research started coverage on Vodafone Group Plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set an “accumulate” rating and a $30.00 target price on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Vodafone Group Plc presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $30.35. Vodafone Group Plc Company Profile Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VOD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD). Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Shell Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Echostar (SATS) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.10 Snap-on (SNA) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.04 Somewhat Negative News Coverage Likely to Impact SeaWorld Entertainment (SEAS) Share Price Shell Midstream Partners (SHLX) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.09 Zacks: Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Analysts Expect Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) to Post -$0.36 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PACCAR Inc (PCAR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.88 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Astronics Co. (ATRO) Will Announce Earnings of $0.30 Per Share Private Bank & Trust Co. Has $145,000 Position in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Stake Reduced by First Command Bank Private Bank & Trust Co. Takes Position in American Tower Corp (AMT) AEGON (AEG) Shares Sold by Private Bank & Trust Co. Alpha Windward LLC Buys 240 Shares of Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Prospera Financial Services Inc Has $271,000 Position in Chubb Ltd (CB) Amarillo National Bank Continues to Hold Stake in Halliburton Company (HAL) PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Shares Bought by Inverness Counsel LLC NY Penske Automotive Group, Inc. (PAG) Shares Sold by Alpha Windward LLC Papa Murphy's Holdings Inc (FRSH) Short Interest Down 5.7% in March Short Interest in Fifth Street Asset Management Inc (FSAM) Grows By 49.9% TowneBank (TOWN) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.35 Shell Midstream Partners (SHLX) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.09 April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media stories about Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) have trended somewhat positive on Sunday, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. Alpha One, a service of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Shell Midstream Partners earned a news sentiment score of 0.09 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media headlines about the company an impact score of 0 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the near term. These are some of the media headlines that may have effected Alpha One’s scoring: Advance Notice of First-Quarter Financial Results for Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. – Nasdaq (nasdaq.com) Shell Midstream Partners LP breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : SHLX-US : April 14, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Shell Midstream Partners (SHLX) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.35 (americanbankingnews.com) Are Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX)’s Struggles Behind Them? – Stock Rover (thestockrover.com) Shares of Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) traded down 0.22% on Friday, reaching $32.30. 144,971 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $32.19 and a 200 day moving average of $30.05. Shell Midstream Partners has a 52-week low of $25.42 and a 52-week high of $38.49. The stock has a market cap of $5.73 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.88 and a beta of 1.25. Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.34 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $75.60 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $73.06 million. Shell Midstream Partners had a net margin of 77.39% and a return on equity of 56.13%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.38 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Shell Midstream Partners will post $1.56 earnings per share for the current year. A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on SHLX shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Shell Midstream Partners from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Shell Midstream Partners in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $38.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Mizuho restated a “buy” rating and set a $36.00 price target on shares of Shell Midstream Partners in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $37.86. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Shell Midstream Partners (SHLX) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.09” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/shell-midstream-partners-shlx-receives-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-09.html. About Shell Midstream Partners Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. is a master limited partnership company, which owns, operates, develops and acquires pipelines and other midstream assets. The Company conducts its operations through its subsidiary, Shell Midstream Operating, LLC. Its assets consist of interests in entities that own crude oil and refined products pipelines serving as key infrastructure to transport onshore and offshore crude oil production to Gulf Coast and Midwest refining markets and to deliver refined products from those markets to demand centers. Receive News & Ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SYSCO Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SYSCO Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Increases Position in Macquarie Infrastructure Corp (MIC) Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Purchases Shares of 4,050 Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) Parametrica Management Ltd Sells 1,100 Shares of Cable One Inc (CABO) Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Has $395,000 Position in WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) SYSCO Co. (SYY) Shares Bought by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Parametrica Management Ltd Takes Position in Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Echostar (SATS) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.10 Snap-on (SNA) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.04 Somewhat Negative News Coverage Likely to Impact SeaWorld Entertainment (SEAS) Share Price Shell Midstream Partners (SHLX) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.09 Zacks: Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Analysts Expect Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) to Post -$0.36 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PACCAR Inc (PCAR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.88 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Astronics Co. (ATRO) Will Announce Earnings of $0.30 Per Share Private Bank & Trust Co. Has $145,000 Position in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Stake Reduced by First Command Bank Private Bank & Trust Co. Takes Position in American Tower Corp (AMT) AEGON (AEG) Shares Sold by Private Bank & Trust Co. Alpha Windward LLC Buys 240 Shares of Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Prospera Financial Services Inc Has $271,000 Position in Chubb Ltd (CB) SYSCO Co. (SYY) Shares Bought by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BKD Wealth Advisors LLC increased its position in SYSCO Co. (NYSE:SYY) by 10.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 47,746 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 4,494 shares during the period. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC’s holdings in SYSCO were worth $2,479,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in SYY. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of SYSCO by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 26,888,052 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,488,783,000 after buying an additional 70,381 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of SYSCO by 4.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 10,548,954 shares of the company’s stock worth $517,004,000 after buying an additional 487,395 shares in the last quarter. Parnassus Investments CA raised its stake in shares of SYSCO by 7.0% in the third quarter. Parnassus Investments CA now owns 9,487,424 shares of the company’s stock worth $464,979,000 after buying an additional 618,094 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of SYSCO by 28.5% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 7,721,809 shares of the company’s stock worth $378,440,000 after buying an additional 1,713,004 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Janus Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of SYSCO by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 6,544,364 shares of the company’s stock worth $362,361,000 after buying an additional 170,780 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 77.50% of the company’s stock. Shares of SYSCO Co. (NYSE:SYY) traded down 0.59% during trading on Friday, reaching $51.90. 1,503,882 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $28.04 billion, a P/E ratio of 28.30 and a beta of 0.52. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $52.25 and a 200-day moving average price of $52.30. SYSCO Co. has a one year low of $45.19 and a one year high of $57.07. SYSCO (NYSE:SYY) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.54 by $0.04. The business earned $13.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $13.53 billion. SYSCO had a net margin of 1.94% and a return on equity of 40.85%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 11.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.45 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that SYSCO Co. will post $2.48 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Friday, April 7th will be given a $0.33 dividend. This represents a $1.32 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.54%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 5th. SYSCO’s payout ratio is currently 71.74%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “SYSCO Co. (SYY) Shares Bought by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/sysco-co-syy-shares-bought-by-bkd-wealth-advisors-llc.html. A number of analysts have recently commented on SYY shares. Guggenheim reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of SYSCO in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of SYSCO from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $55.00 price target (up from $54.00) on shares of SYSCO in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of SYSCO from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $57.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets set a $56.00 price target on shares of SYSCO and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. SYSCO has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $54.88. In related news, insider Russell T. Libby sold 22,217 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.91, for a total value of $1,219,935.47. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 80,017 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,393,733.47. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CEO William J. Delaney III sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.96, for a total transaction of $1,648,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 406,725 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $22,353,606. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 97,817 shares of company stock valued at $5,233,431 over the last ninety days. 8.81% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. SYSCO Company Profile Sysco Corporation (Sysco) is a distributor of food and related products primarily to the foodservice or food-away-from-home industry. The Company’s segments include Broadline, SYGMA and Other. The Broadline segment includes its Broadline operations located in the Bahamas, Canada, Costa Rica, Ireland, Mexico and the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SYY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for SYSCO Co. (NYSE:SYY). Receive News & Ratings for SYSCO Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SYSCO Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Camden Property Trust (CPT) Shares Bought by Capstone Asset Management Co. Horrell Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in FedEx Co. (FDX) Target Co. (TGT) Position Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Stake Cut by Bremer Trust National Association Bremer Trust National Association Has $240,000 Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Bremer Trust National Association Cuts Stake in Welltower Inc (HCN) Bremer Trust National Association Sells 123 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) 19,922 Shares in FedEx Co. (FDX) Acquired by TNB Financial Adirondack Trust Co. Lowers Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Adirondack Trust Co. Raises Stake in Ford Motor Company (F) Novartis AG (NVS) Stake Decreased by Banced Corp Cabot Microelectronics (CCMP) Earning Critical News Coverage, Study Shows Layne Christensen Company (LAYN) Receiving Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Concert Pharmaceuticals (CNCE) Stock Price $0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) This Quarter Farmers Trust Co. Reduces Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $5.686 Million Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) First National Bank of Omaha Continues to Hold Position in Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $4.152 Million Stake in Deere & Company (DE) Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Sells 75 Shares of Phillips 66 (PSX) 19,922 Shares in FedEx Co. (FDX) Acquired by TNB Financial April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet TNB Financial acquired a new stake in shares of FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor acquired 19,922 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock, valued at approximately $3,887,000. A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Brick & Kyle Associates increased its position in shares of FedEx by 2.2% in the third quarter. Brick & Kyle Associates now owns 664 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the period. Adirondack Trust Co. increased its position in shares of FedEx by 1.5% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 662 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the period. Ancora Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of FedEx during the fourth quarter valued at $157,000. Advantage Investment Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of FedEx during the fourth quarter valued at $157,000. Finally, 1832 Asset Management L.P. purchased a new stake in shares of FedEx during the third quarter valued at $160,000. 75.22% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) traded down 1.38% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $183.73. The company had a trading volume of 2,691,576 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $192.76 and its 200-day moving average price is $187.20. The company has a market capitalization of $49.12 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.12 and a beta of 1.14. FedEx Co. has a 12 month low of $145.00 and a 12 month high of $201.57. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The shipping service provider reported $2.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.62 by $0.27. The company earned $15 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15 billion. FedEx had a net margin of 3.35% and a return on equity of 22.02%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 18.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $2.51 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that FedEx Co. will post $11.93 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 13th were issued a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 9th. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.87%. FedEx’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 23.46%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/19922-shares-in-fedex-co-fdx-acquired-by-tnb-financial.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on FDX shares. Vetr cut FedEx from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $200.57 target price for the company. in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Morgan Stanley set a $135.00 target price on FedEx and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $205.00 target price on FedEx and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $233.00 target price on shares of FedEx in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “market perform” rating and issued a $190.00 target price on shares of FedEx in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eighteen have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $206.87. In other FedEx news, CEO David L. Cunningham, Jr. sold 11,499 shares of FedEx stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $197.89, for a total transaction of $2,275,537.11. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 33,677 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,664,341.53. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Paul S. Walsh sold 4,400 shares of FedEx stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $196.38, for a total value of $864,072.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 14,400 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,827,872. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 95,178 shares of company stock valued at $18,442,302. 8.67% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About FedEx FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FDX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX). Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Target Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Target Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Camden Property Trust (CPT) Shares Bought by Capstone Asset Management Co. Horrell Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in FedEx Co. (FDX) Target Co. (TGT) Position Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Stake Cut by Bremer Trust National Association Bremer Trust National Association Has $240,000 Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Bremer Trust National Association Cuts Stake in Welltower Inc (HCN) Bremer Trust National Association Sells 123 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) 19,922 Shares in FedEx Co. (FDX) Acquired by TNB Financial Adirondack Trust Co. Lowers Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Adirondack Trust Co. Raises Stake in Ford Motor Company (F) Novartis AG (NVS) Stake Decreased by Banced Corp Cabot Microelectronics (CCMP) Earning Critical News Coverage, Study Shows Layne Christensen Company (LAYN) Receiving Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Concert Pharmaceuticals (CNCE) Stock Price $0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) This Quarter Farmers Trust Co. Reduces Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $5.686 Million Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) First National Bank of Omaha Continues to Hold Position in Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $4.152 Million Stake in Deere & Company (DE) Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Sells 75 Shares of Phillips 66 (PSX) Target Co. (TGT) Position Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bremer Trust National Association cut its stake in shares of Target Co. (NYSE:TGT) by 38.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 18,367 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 11,341 shares during the period. Bremer Trust National Association’s holdings in Target were worth $1,014,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of TGT. Northstar Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Target by 3.8% in the third quarter. Northstar Asset Management LLC now owns 10,870 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $747,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the last quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D raised its position in shares of Target by 10.1% in the third quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 390,880 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $26,845,000 after buying an additional 36,000 shares during the last quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of Target by 3.4% in the third quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. now owns 3,191 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $219,000 after buying an additional 104 shares during the last quarter. OLD Point Trust & Financial Services N A raised its position in shares of Target by 5.4% in the third quarter. OLD Point Trust & Financial Services N A now owns 8,712 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $598,000 after buying an additional 450 shares during the last quarter. Finally, PGGM Investments raised its position in shares of Target by 0.6% in the third quarter. PGGM Investments now owns 862,447 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $59,233,000 after buying an additional 4,964 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 88.53% of the company’s stock. Target Co. (NYSE:TGT) traded down 0.02% on Friday, reaching $53.39. The company had a trading volume of 5,087,402 shares. Target Co. has a one year low of $52.72 and a one year high of $84.14. The firm has a market capitalization of $29.51 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.37 and a beta of 0.63. The company’s 50 day moving average is $55.61 and its 200-day moving average is $66.47. Target (NYSE:TGT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The retailer reported $1.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.51 by $0.06. Target had a net margin of 4.75% and a return on equity of 25.18%. The company had revenue of $20.69 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $20.76 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.52 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Target Co. will post $4.00 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, June 10th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 17th will be paid a dividend of $0.60 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 15th. This represents a $2.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.50%. Target’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 42.93%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/target-co-tgt-position-decreased-by-bremer-trust-national-association.html. Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Target from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $81.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Vetr upgraded Target from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $78.74 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Morgan Stanley restated an “underweight” rating and set a $67.00 price objective on shares of Target in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and set a $78.00 price objective on shares of Target in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “neutral” rating and set a $71.00 price objective on shares of Target in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Target presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $67.31. In related news, insider Don H. Liu acquired 2,000 shares of Target stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $58.20 per share, with a total value of $116,400.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Donald R. Knauss acquired 10,000 shares of Target stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $54.86 per share, for a total transaction of $548,600.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 16,431 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $901,404.66. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have bought 19,000 shares of company stock worth $1,073,750 over the last ninety days. Insiders own 0.25% of the company’s stock. Target Company Profile Target Corporation offers everyday essentials and merchandise to its customers. The Company sells a range of general merchandise and food through its store and digital channels. The Company’s general merchandise stores offer an edited food assortment, including perishables, dry grocery, dairy and frozen items. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TGT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Target Co. (NYSE:TGT). Receive News & Ratings for Target Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Target Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Welltower Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Camden Property Trust (CPT) Shares Bought by Capstone Asset Management Co. Horrell Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in FedEx Co. (FDX) Target Co. (TGT) Position Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Stake Cut by Bremer Trust National Association Bremer Trust National Association Has $240,000 Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Bremer Trust National Association Cuts Stake in Welltower Inc (HCN) Bremer Trust National Association Sells 123 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) 19,922 Shares in FedEx Co. (FDX) Acquired by TNB Financial Adirondack Trust Co. Lowers Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Adirondack Trust Co. Raises Stake in Ford Motor Company (F) Novartis AG (NVS) Stake Decreased by Banced Corp Cabot Microelectronics (CCMP) Earning Critical News Coverage, Study Shows Layne Christensen Company (LAYN) Receiving Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Concert Pharmaceuticals (CNCE) Stock Price $0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) This Quarter Farmers Trust Co. Reduces Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $5.686 Million Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) First National Bank of Omaha Continues to Hold Position in Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $4.152 Million Stake in Deere & Company (DE) Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Sells 75 Shares of Phillips 66 (PSX) Bremer Trust National Association Cuts Stake in Welltower Inc (HCN) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bremer Trust National Association cut its position in Welltower Inc (NYSE:HCN) by 8.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 2,893 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 250 shares during the period. Bremer Trust National Association’s holdings in Welltower were worth $205,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its stake in Welltower by 6.1% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 38,233 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $2,708,000 after buying an additional 2,210 shares during the last quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. increased its stake in Welltower by 11.6% in the first quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 8,918 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $631,000 after buying an additional 929 shares during the last quarter. National Pension Service increased its stake in Welltower by 7.6% in the first quarter. National Pension Service now owns 305,974 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $21,657,000 after buying an additional 21,672 shares during the last quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd increased its stake in Welltower by 1.0% in the first quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 111,142 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $7,871,000 after buying an additional 1,100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Forte Capital LLC ADV increased its stake in Welltower by 9.3% in the first quarter. Forte Capital LLC ADV now owns 7,945 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $563,000 after buying an additional 675 shares during the last quarter. 84.96% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Welltower Inc (NYSE:HCN) traded down 0.11% during trading on Friday, reaching $72.85. The company had a trading volume of 1,819,299 shares. Welltower Inc has a 52 week low of $59.39 and a 52 week high of $80.19. The firm has a market capitalization of $26.41 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.93 and a beta of 0.19. The company’s 50-day moving average is $69.54 and its 200 day moving average is $67.51. Welltower (NYSE:HCN) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The real estate investment trust reported $1.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.08 by $0.02. The firm earned $1.08 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.05 billion. Welltower had a return on equity of 6.37% and a net margin of 20.74%. Welltower’s revenue was up 4.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.13 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Welltower Inc will post $1.77 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/bremer-trust-national-association-cuts-stake-in-welltower-inc-hcn.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on HCN. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Welltower from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price objective on Welltower from $71.00 to $72.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Morgan Stanley raised Welltower from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $73.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their target price on Welltower from $69.00 to $70.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $63.00 target price on shares of Welltower in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $72.93. In related news, Director Fred S. Klipsch sold 2,606 shares of Welltower stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.14, for a total value of $174,966.84. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Paul D. Nungester, Jr. sold 6,452 shares of Welltower stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.26, for a total value of $453,317.52. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 33,795 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,374,436.70. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.29% of the company’s stock. Welltower Company Profile Welltower Inc invests with seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund real estate and infrastructure. The Company invests in seniors housing and healthcare real estate. It operates in three segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. Welltower, a real estate investment trust (REIT), owns interests in properties concentrated in markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities, and outpatient medical properties. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HCN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Welltower Inc (NYSE:HCN). Receive News & Ratings for Welltower Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Camden Property Trust (CPT) Shares Bought by Capstone Asset Management Co. Horrell Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in FedEx Co. (FDX) Target Co. (TGT) Position Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Stake Cut by Bremer Trust National Association Bremer Trust National Association Has $240,000 Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Bremer Trust National Association Cuts Stake in Welltower Inc (HCN) Bremer Trust National Association Sells 123 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) 19,922 Shares in FedEx Co. (FDX) Acquired by TNB Financial Adirondack Trust Co. Lowers Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Adirondack Trust Co. Raises Stake in Ford Motor Company (F) Novartis AG (NVS) Stake Decreased by Banced Corp Cabot Microelectronics (CCMP) Earning Critical News Coverage, Study Shows Layne Christensen Company (LAYN) Receiving Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Concert Pharmaceuticals (CNCE) Stock Price $0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) This Quarter Farmers Trust Co. Reduces Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $5.686 Million Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) First National Bank of Omaha Continues to Hold Position in Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $4.152 Million Stake in Deere & Company (DE) Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Sells 75 Shares of Phillips 66 (PSX) Horrell Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in FedEx Co. (FDX) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Horrell Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) by 0.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 27,278 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. FedEx makes up 3.3% of Horrell Capital Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 6th largest position. Horrell Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in FedEx were worth $5,323,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in FDX. Dodge & Cox purchased a new position in shares of FedEx during the fourth quarter worth $2,151,429,000. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of FedEx by 4.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 10,215,037 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $1,902,048,000 after buying an additional 408,708 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of FedEx by 8.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 7,119,340 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $1,243,606,000 after buying an additional 567,107 shares during the period. FMR LLC raised its position in shares of FedEx by 7.0% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 5,440,113 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $1,012,949,000 after buying an additional 356,096 shares during the period. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of FedEx by 23.3% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 3,685,675 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $643,835,000 after buying an additional 696,512 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 75.22% of the company’s stock. FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) traded down 1.38% on Friday, hitting $183.73. The stock had a trading volume of 2,691,576 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $192.76 and its 200-day moving average is $187.20. FedEx Co. has a 52-week low of $145.00 and a 52-week high of $201.57. The company has a market cap of $49.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.12 and a beta of 1.14. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The shipping service provider reported $2.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $2.62 by $0.27. FedEx had a return on equity of 22.02% and a net margin of 3.35%. The company earned $15 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $2.51 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 18.1% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that FedEx Co. will post $11.93 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 13th were given a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 9th. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.87%. FedEx’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 23.46%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Horrell Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in FedEx Co. (FDX)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/horrell-capital-management-inc-increases-stake-in-fedex-co-fdx.html. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on FDX. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating on shares of FedEx in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Morgan Stanley set a $135.00 price target on FedEx and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. Robert W. Baird increased their price target on FedEx from $209.00 to $222.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. BMO Capital Markets raised FedEx from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $220.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, March 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $233.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eighteen have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. FedEx has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $206.87. In related news, EVP Robert B. Carter sold 34,580 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $191.22, for a total value of $6,612,387.60. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,062 shares in the company, valued at $14,735,795.64. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Alan B. Graf, Jr. sold 25,655 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $195.00, for a total transaction of $5,002,725.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 151,536 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $29,549,520. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 95,178 shares of company stock valued at $18,442,302 over the last quarter. 8.67% of the stock is owned by company insiders. FedEx Company Profile FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FDX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX). Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Belden Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Republic Bank (FRC) Shares Sold by CrestPoint Capital Management LLC CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Belden Inc. (BDC) CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Reduces Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Raytheon Company (RTN) Position Held by CrestPoint Capital Management LLC CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Buys 1,400 Shares of Southern Co (SO) Carlson Capital Management Has $260,000 Stake in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Spirit of America Management Corp NY Has $442,000 Stake in Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Stake Maintained by Spirit of America Management Corp NY Booz Allen Hamilton Holding (BAH) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of -0.22 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Impact AXT (AXTI) Share Price Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Aeroflex Holding Corp (ARX) Stock Price Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.04 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Air Methods Corp (AIRM) Share Price Regentatlantic Capital LLC Sells 55 Shares of Tesoro Co. (TSO) Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Shares Sold by Regentatlantic Capital LLC Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Shares Sold by Regentatlantic Capital LLC 1,360 Shares in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Acquired by Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Stake Lowered by Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Has $103,000 Stake in Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Has $107,000 Position in Bunge Ltd (BG) CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Belden Inc. (BDC) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CrestPoint Capital Management LLC maintained its stake in shares of Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 4,900 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. CrestPoint Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Belden were worth $339,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in BDC. Foundry Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of Belden by 129.9% in the first quarter. Foundry Partners LLC now owns 136,531 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,447,000 after buying an additional 77,136 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD raised its stake in shares of Belden by 34.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 43,022 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,969,000 after buying an additional 11,046 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Belden by 0.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 260,345 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,961,000 after buying an additional 797 shares in the last quarter. Boston Partners raised its stake in shares of Belden by 4.5% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 590,626 shares of the company’s stock worth $40,747,000 after buying an additional 25,579 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Suffolk Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Belden during the third quarter worth approximately $1,694,000. Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) opened at 64.68 on Friday. Belden Inc. has a one year low of $54.97 and a one year high of $81.33. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $69.09 and its 200 day moving average is $71.79. The stock has a market cap of $2.73 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.41 and a beta of 2.24. Belden (NYSE:BDC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.42 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.40 by $0.02. The firm earned $612.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $616.10 million. Belden had a net margin of 5.43% and a return on equity of 20.29%. Belden’s revenue was up .9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.63 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Belden Inc. will post $5.07 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 16th were given a $0.05 dividend. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.31%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, March 14th. Belden’s payout ratio is currently 7.58%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Belden Inc. (BDC)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/crestpoint-capital-management-llc-maintains-position-in-belden-inc-bdc.html. Several brokerages recently issued reports on BDC. Drexel Hamilton began coverage on shares of Belden in a research report on Friday, February 10th. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Belden from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Belden in a research report on Monday, February 13th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $76.00 target price for the company. Finally, Seaport Global Securities began coverage on shares of Belden in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. They set a “buy” rating and a $82.00 target price for the company. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $81.71. In related news, EVP Glenn Pennycook sold 6,306 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.86, for a total value of $459,455.16. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 18,343 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,336,470.98. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Company insiders own 1.37% of the company’s stock. About Belden Belden Inc is a signal transmission solutions provider company. The Company operates through five segment: Broadcast Solutions (Broadcast), Enterprise Connectivity Solutions (Enterprise), Industrial Connectivity Solutions (Industrial Connectivity), Industrial IT Solutions (Industrial IT), and Network Security Solutions (Network Security). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BDC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC). Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Shares Sold by Regentatlantic Capital LLC 1,360 Shares in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Acquired by Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Stake Lowered by Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Has $103,000 Stake in Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Has $107,000 Position in Bunge Ltd (BG) Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Shares Bought by Gradient Investments LLC Bank of Montreal Can Has $49.137 Million Position in Deere & Company (DE) Bank of Montreal Can Cuts Position in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) Bank of Montreal Can Sells 20,378 Shares of Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Zacks: Analysts Anticipate BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.24 Billion Highland Capital Management LLC Has $416,000 Stake in Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Highland Capital Management LLC Reduces Position in TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Highland Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in American Express Company (AXP) Carroll Financial Associates Inc. Has $102,000 Position in Aon plc Class A (AON) Roth Capital Comments on Applied Optoelectronics Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AAOI) Zions Bancorp (ZION) Stake Lowered by Quadrant Capital Group LLC National Pension Service Acquires 3,070 Shares of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Caldwell Partners International Inc (CWL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.02 on June 20th $19.9 Million in Sales Expected for Meet Group Inc (MEET) This Quarter Analysts Anticipate Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.12 Billion Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Has $107,000 Position in Bunge Ltd (BG) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. lowered its stake in shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 9.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1,350 shares of the company’s stock after selling 140 shares during the period. Daiwa SB Investments Ltd.’s holdings in Bunge were worth $107,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its stake in Bunge by 9.1% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 10,353,997 shares of the company’s stock valued at $613,267,000 after buying an additional 865,585 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its stake in Bunge by 10.8% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 4,544,606 shares of the company’s stock valued at $328,303,000 after buying an additional 444,280 shares in the last quarter. LSV Asset Management boosted its stake in Bunge by 58.1% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 4,517,677 shares of the company’s stock valued at $267,581,000 after buying an additional 1,660,645 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in Bunge by 6.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 3,907,090 shares of the company’s stock valued at $231,417,000 after buying an additional 238,621 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in Bunge by 1.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,053,357 shares of the company’s stock valued at $148,316,000 after buying an additional 20,933 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.49% of the company’s stock. Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) opened at 76.51 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $10.67 billion, a PE ratio of 15.26 and a beta of 1.04. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $79.88 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.75. Bunge Ltd has a one year low of $56.57 and a one year high of $82.66. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $1.70 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.56 by $0.14. The firm had revenue of $12.06 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $11.43 billion. Bunge had a return on equity of 10.38% and a net margin of 1.58%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 8.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.49 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Bunge Ltd will post $6.07 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be given a dividend of $0.42 per share. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.20%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 37.75%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Has $107,000 Position in Bunge Ltd (BG)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/daiwa-sb-investments-ltd-has-107000-position-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $88.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $85.00 price objective on Bunge and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised Bunge from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Bunge from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $70.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. Bunge presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $77.25. In other Bunge news, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total transaction of $1,002,685.32. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 69,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,531,891.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total value of $47,410.35. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares in the company, valued at approximately $440,284.65. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.27% of the stock is owned by insiders. Bunge Company Profile Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Monday 17 April 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Industry, Logistics & Shipping   » OUTPUT CAPACITY BOOST Shaikh Daij ...major milestone for Alba Alba secures $700m in export credit financing MANAMA, 20 hours, 24 minutes ago Aluminium Bahrain (Alba), a leading aluminium smelter, has secured commitments of about $700 million from Export Credit Agency (ECA) supported facilities to finance Line 6 Expansion project.   The facilities are made-up of a dual tranche of c. $310 million and c. EUR315 million ($334 million) SERV Guaranteed Export Credit and c. EUR50 million Euler Herms Guaranteed Export Credit. The SERV-backed facility will fund the company’s Power Station 5 (PS5) wherein General Electric (GE), EPC contractor, will provide three 9HA gas turbines, three steam turbines and three heat recovery steam generators (HRSGs). This facility will have a 15-year tenor and the principal amount will be repaid over 12-year period. The Hermes-backed facility will finance the Power Distribution Systems (PDS) where Siemens will construct and commission High Voltage electrical network and provide Gas Insulated Switchgear (GIS) up to 220kV.  This facility will have a 14-year tenor and the principal amount will be repaid over 12-year period. Shaikh Daij Bin Salman Bin Daij Al Khalifa, Alba’s chairman said: “Securing the Export Credit Financing for Power Station 5 and power distribution system is a strong vote of confidence in Line 6 Expansion Project. “We look forward to work with the Swiss and German Governments as well as with GE and Siemens to progress with Line 6 as per schedule.” JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.is acting as the ECA coordinator to assist the Company in arranging the ECA facilities. Further information will be provided in due course. Expected to start metal production in early 2019, Line 6 Expansion Project will boost the per-annum production by 540,000 metric tonnes upon its full ramp-up, bringing Alba’s total production capacity to 1,500,000 metric tonnes per annum to make Alba the world’s largest single-site aluminium smelter.  - TradeArabia News Service Tags: Alba | Aluminium Bahrain | export credit | Line 6 | More Industry, Logistics & Shipping Stories Over 20,000 exhibitors taking part at Canton Fair Bin Faqeeh to unveil key project at Gulf Property Show DMCA backs Middle East Offshore Journal Conference Sekisui Specialty Chemicals increases Selvol prices DP World ends Fujairah port concession agreement Panasonic exhibits solar panels at Saudi forum Desert General to build community market in Abu Dhabi LED market growth seen at 13pc in region Honeywell to connect UAE students with space veterans C5 cloud fund to invest $2.5m in startup OneGCC Aluminium Middle East to highlight latest trends GAC in key Arc7 class LNG carrier milestone Saudi firms to set up $469m projects in Philippines AIM Startup selects winners of competition Kanoo Machinery showcases latest technology at Dubai event 150 experts for Maritime Tanker Conference Top metals experts to head Liberty Speciality Steels Airbus selects five finalist teams for challenge Axalta Coating opens new training centre in Dubai ABB appoints new managing director for Gulf Alba sees 3 - 5pc output loss from power outage Over 150 experts to attend Maritime Tanker Conference Integrated National Logistics offers top services Hyosung Corp signs MoU with Iran petchem firm Iran President to inaugurate $20bn energy projects Siemens to set up unit HQ at Dubai Expo 2020 site ZonesCorp to build new industrial facilities in Al Ain DHL Express launches new Bahrain-Jeddah flight Thuraya partners with Swiss start-up Else Siemon wins ME network cabling award Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Trump’s About-Face Stocks stumble as the president keeps shifting policy positions. Also, March economic reports aren’t bullish. By Randall W. Forsyth Biography Updated April 15, 2017 2:00 a.m. ET A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, in Ralph Waldo Emerson’s famous estimation. In that case, Donald Trump is proving to be anything but small-minded. In just the past week, he has revised his previous views on various subjects, including the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the Export-Import Bank, China and its... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Where the Big Money Gets Its Advice Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Trump’s About-Face Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Barron’s Top 100 Financial Advisors Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Trader Extra Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Despite some negatives, including a recent earnings warning for the first quarter, the stock looks inexpensive. By Andrew Bary Biography April 15, 2017 12:08 a.m. ET The flip side to investor infatuation with Tesla (ticker: TSLA) is the distaste for Ford Motor (F) and General Motors (GM). Ford shares, at $11.11, are just above a 52-week low, after falling 15% in the past year. Despite some negatives,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Where the Big Money Gets Its Advice Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Trump’s About-Face Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Mon   17 Apr 2017 Search Home Latest News Local News Arab News World News Business Sports BNA Reports BNA video Civil service culture Français عربي  c Alba secures $700 million finance facility 01 : 58 PM - 16/04/2017 Manama, Apr. 16 (BNA): Aluminium Bahrain B.S.C. (Alba), home-base of the Line 6 Expansion Project, has announced that it has secured commitments of circa $ 700 million from Export Credit Agency (ECA)-supported facilities to finance Line 6 Expansion Project. The facilities are made-up of a dual tranche of about $ 310 million and EUR 315 million SERV Guaranteed Export Credit and about EUR 50 million Euler Herms Guaranteed Export Credit. The SERV-backed facility will fund the Company’s Power Station 5 (PS5) wherein General Electric (GE), EPC contractor, will provide three 9HA gas turbines, three steam turbines and three heat recovery steam generators (HRSGs). This facility will have a 15-year tenor and the principal amount will be repaid over 12-year period. The Hermes-backed facility will finance the Power Distribution Systems (PDS) where Siemens will construct and commission High Voltage electrical network and provide Gas Insulated Switchgear (GIS) up to 220kV. This facility will have a 14-year tenor and the principal amount will be repaid over 12-year period. Commenting on this milestone, Alba’s Chairman of Board of Directors, Shaikh Daij bin Salman bin Daij Al Khalifa said: "Securing the Export Credit Financing for Power Station 5 and Power Distribution System is a strong vote of confidence in Line 6 Expansion Project. We look forward to work with the Swiss and German Governments as well as with GE and Siemens to progress with Line 6 as per schedule." JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is acting as the ECA coordinator to assist the Company in arranging the ECA facilities. Further information will be provided in due course. Expected to start metal production in early 2019, Line 6 Expansion Project will boost the per-annum production by 540,000 metric tonnes upon its full ramp-up, bringing Alba’s total production capacity to 1,500,000 metric tonnes per annum to make Alba the world’s largest single-site aluminium smelter. I.Y BNA 1056 GMT 2017/04/16 Number of readings : 663        Last updated : 01 : 58 PM - 16/04/2017 INFORMATION AFFAIRS AUTHORITY © 2017 , ALL RIGHTS RESERVED About | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Media Visa | Newspapers | Term of Use | RSS
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News TransCanada Co. (TRP) Director John J. Mcwilliams Sells 291 Shares Insider Selling: Ciena Co. (CIEN) SVP Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: FedEx Co. (FDX) Director Sells 6,145 Shares of Stock Genie Energy Ltd (GNE) Director Sells $28,600.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Alamos Gold Inc (AGI) Insider Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) VP Sells $858,386.13 in Stock Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Director Sells $16,635,000.00 in Stock Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) Now Covered by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG CSW Industrials Inc (CSWI) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Initiates Coverage on Five Prime Therapeutics Inc (FPRX) Danaos Co. (DAC) Earns Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Teekay Co. (TK) Earns “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Leaf Group Ltd (LFGR) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Barclays PLC Boosts Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Price Target to $35.00 William Blair Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Kornit Digital Ltd (KRNT) Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Raised to “Buy” at Citigroup Inc Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to “Neutral” Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Downgraded by Credit Suisse Group AG to “Neutral” Crombie Real Estate Investment Trust (CRR.UN) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Healthequity Inc (HQY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Insider Selling: FedEx Co. (FDX) Director Sells 6,145 Shares of Stock April 16th, 2017 - By Teresa Graham - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) Director Shirley A. Jackson sold 6,145 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $193.12, for a total transaction of $1,186,722.40. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 10,646 shares in the company, valued at $2,055,955.52. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Shares of FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) opened at 183.73 on Friday. FedEx Co. has a 12-month low of $145.00 and a 12-month high of $201.57. The firm has a market capitalization of $49.12 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.12 and a beta of 1.14. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $192.76 and a 200 day moving average price of $187.20. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, March 21st. The shipping service provider reported $2.35 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.62 by $0.27. The company earned $15 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15 billion. FedEx had a net margin of 3.35% and a return on equity of 22.02%. FedEx’s revenue was up 18.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $2.51 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that FedEx Co. will post $11.93 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 13th were issued a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 9th. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.87%. FedEx’s dividend payout ratio is presently 23.46%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was published by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/16/fedex-co-fdx-director-shirley-a-jackson-sells-6145-shares-updated.html. Several equities research analysts have commented on FDX shares. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $210.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of FedEx from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price target on FedEx to $236.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. BMO Capital Markets raised FedEx from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $220.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Edward Jones raised FedEx from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eighteen have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $206.87. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in FDX. AMI Asset Management Corp bought a new position in shares of FedEx during the third quarter valued at $20,725,000. Rothschild Investment Corp IL boosted its position in shares of FedEx by 35.0% in the third quarter. Rothschild Investment Corp IL now owns 10,320 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $1,803,000 after buying an additional 2,675 shares in the last quarter. Chesley Taft & Associates LLC boosted its position in shares of FedEx by 1.9% in the third quarter. Chesley Taft & Associates LLC now owns 55,745 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $9,738,000 after buying an additional 1,025 shares in the last quarter. Farmers Trust Co. boosted its position in shares of FedEx by 29.6% in the third quarter. Farmers Trust Co. now owns 18,181 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $3,176,000 after buying an additional 4,149 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Pennsylvania Trust Co boosted its position in shares of FedEx by 9.6% in the third quarter. Pennsylvania Trust Co now owns 5,550 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $969,000 after buying an additional 488 shares in the last quarter. 75.22% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. FedEx Company Profile FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. Receive News & Stock Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Short Interest in Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Decreases By 0.6% Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Short Interest Update Wedbush Comments on USG Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (USG) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Lifted by KeyCorp Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Short Interest Update First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) Shares Bought by State Street Corp State Street Corp Acquires 16,436 Shares of New Relic Inc (NEWR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $242,000 Stake in William Lyon Homes (WLH) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in AV Homes Inc (AVHI) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 16,573 TFS Financial Co. (TFSL) 12,091 Shares in M/I Homes Inc (MHO) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $259,000 Stake in Carbonite Inc (CARB) Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Stake Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Northfield Bancorp, Inc. (NFBK) Stake Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Skyworks Solutions Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (SWKS) Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Progressive Corp (PGR) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Nabriva Therapeutics AG – (NBRV) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest CBOE Volatility Index Sees Unusually High Options Volume (VIX) Gilead Sciences, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.42 Per Share, Leerink Swann Forecasts (GILD) Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Short Interest Update April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) was the target of a significant growth in short interest during the month of March. As of March 31st, there was short interest totalling 14,208,318 shares, a growth of 13.6% from the March 15th total of 12,507,010 shares. Currently, 0.5% of the company’s shares are sold short. Based on an average trading volume of 5,009,988 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 2.8 days. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc boosted its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 23.4% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc now owns 167,001 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $4,868,000 after buying an additional 31,628 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley boosted its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 26.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 12,976,510 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $378,265,000 after buying an additional 2,700,640 shares in the last quarter. Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. boosted its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 36.2% in the third quarter. Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 395,416 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $11,526,000 after buying an additional 105,190 shares in the last quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC boosted its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 9.2% in the third quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 94,546 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $2,756,000 after buying an additional 7,971 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Aviance Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 18.0% in the third quarter. Aviance Capital Management LLC now owns 1,926,337 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $56,153,000 after buying an additional 293,269 shares in the last quarter. 9.59% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) opened at 25.80 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $25.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $26.07. Vodafone Group Plc has a 52 week low of $24.17 and a 52 week high of $34.70. The firm’s market capitalization is $72.01 billion. VOD has been the topic of several analyst reports. Standpoint Research initiated coverage on Vodafone Group Plc in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. They issued an “accumulate” rating and a $30.00 target price on the stock. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a report on Sunday, January 8th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Vodafone Group Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc cut Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $30.35. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Short Interest Update” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/vodafone-group-plc-vod-short-interest-update.html. About Vodafone Group Plc Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pzena Investment Management Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Progressive Corp (PGR) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Nabriva Therapeutics AG – (NBRV) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest CBOE Volatility Index Sees Unusually High Options Volume (VIX) Gilead Sciences, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.42 Per Share, Leerink Swann Forecasts (GILD) Short Interest in Ring Energy (REI) Expands By 15.0% Ensco Plc (ESV) Bond Prices Rise 1.6% Paramount Gold Nevada Corp (PZG) Short Interest Up 48.7% in March Invesco Ltd. Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.55 Per Share (IVZ) Johnson & Johnson Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.77 Per Share (JNJ) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday DNB Financial Corp (DNBF) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday Costamare Inc (CMRE) Set to Announce Earnings on Tuesday County Bancorp Inc (ICBK) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Kornit Digital Ltd (KRNT) Short Interest Down 2.0% in March Short Interest in Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (GBT) Declines By 12.9% First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.18) Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts Domtar Corp (UFS) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.23 Per Share Traders Sell ServiceNow Inc (NOW) on Strength on Insider Selling Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (NYSE:PZN) is set to announce its earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. Analysts expect the company to announce earnings of $0.13 per share for the quarter. Pzena Investment Management (NYSE:PZN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.15 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.14 by $0.01. The business earned $29.10 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $29 million. Pzena Investment Management had a return on equity of 13.43% and a net margin of 14.93%. The firm’s revenue was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.12 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect Pzena Investment Management to post $0.59 EPS for the current fiscal year and $0.69 EPS for the next fiscal year. Shares of Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (NYSE:PZN) opened at 10.29 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $9.68 and a 200-day moving average price of $9.53. Pzena Investment Management, Inc. has a 12-month low of $7.06 and a 12-month high of $11.85. The company has a market cap of $178.69 million, a P/E ratio of 17.90 and a beta of 2.07. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/pzena-investment-management-inc-pzn-scheduled-to-post-quarterly-earnings-on-tuesday.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on PZN shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Pzena Investment Management from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $12.00 price target on the stock in a report on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Pzena Investment Management in a report on Thursday, January 12th. About Pzena Investment Management Pzena Investment Management, Inc is a holding company. The Company is the sole managing member of Pzena Investment Management, LLC. Pzena Investment Management, LLC is an investment management company. The Company also serves as the general partner of Pzena Investment Management, LP. The Company offers institutional investment products to public and corporate pension funds, endowments, foundations and certain commingled vehicles geared toward institutional investors. Receive News & Ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
BR Ambedkar: In his own words | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Wed, Apr 12 2017. 07 45 PM IST Airtel seeks Trai intervention on Reliance Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan offer Airtel says Reliance Jio’s Dhan Dhana Dhan plan violates the spirit of Trai’s directive and is essentially a continuation of the Summer Surprise offer Subscribe to our newsletter. Siddharth Philip Airtel’s spokesman says Reliance Jio’s Dhan Dhana Dhan plan is a ‘classic example of old wine in a new bottle’. Photo: Mint Mumbai: Bharti Airtel Ltd., India’s biggest mobile-phone service provider, has asked the telecom regulator Trai to intervene after rival Reliance Jio started an offer to lure customers that was similar to a previous programme stopped by authorities. Airtel, controlled by billionaire Sunil Bharti Mittal, said that Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd.’s Dhan Dhana Dhan plan — which loosely translates to money, money, money in Hindi — violates the spirit of the regulator’s directive and “essentially continues with a similar plan now masquerading under a different name.” “This is a classic example of old wine in a new bottle,” Airtel’s spokesman said in a response to a text message. “The industry is in a very weak position and continues to bleed. With a weakened financial position companies will find it difficult to raise the capital to invest and roll out broadband networks.” The latest battle showcases the struggle to keep customers in the world’s second-largest mobile phone market where intense competition has prompted Vodafone Group Plc to combine its Indian unit with Idea Cellular Ltd. Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) on Thursday “advised” billionaire Mukesh Ambani’s Jio to stop the Summer Surprise plan where customers who signed up for its unlimited Prime service at Rs303 ($4.7) a month would get the first three months free. Five days later Reliance Jio started a programme offering 90 days of service to clients for an additional Rs6. “Essentially, the offer seems broadly similar,” to the one the regulator halted, Viju George, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Indian unit, wrote in a report on Wednesday. “If criteria for the determination of unfair pricing aggression are not identified or enforced, Reliance Jio could probably continue to get away even as it desists from free offers in the future.” Airtel said that it hopes the regulator will act against the offer. R.S. Sharma, chairman of the regulator did not answer four calls to his mobile phone and didn’t respond to an email seeking comment. Reliance Jio didn’t respond to an email seeking comment. Reliance Jio, which has more than 72 million Prime subscribers, stormed into India’s crowded mobile operator market by offering free services for a period that was extended until 31 March. Rival operators were forced to slash prices to match Reliance Jio, in order to retain subscribers. Bloomberg Siddharth Philip Topics: Reliance Jio Airtel Trai Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan offer Summer Surprise Offer More From Livemint READ MORE Wholesale inflation up 5.7% in March Ten Bollywood movie franchises that have been successful Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte wins TIME 100 reader poll, Modi draws a blank First Published: Wed, Apr 12 2017. 07 29 PM IST Editor's Picks How Union Bank was hacked and got its money back Snapdeal acquisition to benefit Tiger Global more than Flipkart What Suresh Prabhu can learn from Dave Donaldson’s paper on Indian Railways Latest News Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte wins TIME 100 reader poll, Modi draws a blank SC may soon set up constitution bench to hear Delhi govt pleas on L-G’s powers India seeks an end to urea imports in 5 years Use of kerosene, diesel falls, LPG consumption rises on clean energy drive Delhi police books AIADMK’s Dinakaran for trying to bribe EC Mint On Sunday The fairy tale rise of Aizawl FC India’s African heritage Honey, I know what you did last night Letter from... the Republic of Jugaad Jellyfisher Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Global Blood Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kornit Digital Ltd (KRNT) Short Interest Down 2.0% in March Short Interest in Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (GBT) Declines By 12.9% First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.18) Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts Domtar Corp (UFS) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.23 Per Share Traders Sell ServiceNow Inc (NOW) on Strength on Insider Selling Angie's List Inc (ANGI) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Brokerages Set $17.90 Target Price for Paramount Group Inc (PGRE) Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.30 Per Share General Dynamics Co. (GD) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $7.6 Billion Analysts Expect General Dynamics Co. (GD) Will Announce Earnings of $2.31 Per Share athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.11 Per Share Kennametal Inc. (KMT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Analysts Set KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Price Target at $23.84 DCC (DCCPF) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Set $10.50 Price Target for SouthCrest Financial Group Inc (SCSG) GW Pharmaceuticals PLC- (GWPH) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.69 Million -$1.22 Earnings Per Share Expected for Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY) This Quarter BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $290.54 Million Brokerages Expect BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $109.89 Million Short Interest in Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (GBT) Declines By 12.9% April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:GBT) was the target of a large decline in short interest during the month of March. As of March 15th, there was short interest totalling 4,526,502 shares, a decline of 12.9% from the February 28th total of 5,194,122 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 3,288,600 shares, the short-interest ratio is presently 1.4 days. In related news, major shareholder Robert I. Tepper sold 31,225 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $33.23, for a total transaction of $1,037,606.75. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 229,773 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,635,356.79. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 6.10% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the first quarter valued at $120,000. Bank of Montreal Can bought a new position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the first quarter valued at $597,000. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 19.3% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 29,682 shares of the company’s stock valued at $429,000 after buying an additional 4,812 shares during the last quarter. Artal Group S.A. boosted its position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 146.1% in the fourth quarter. Artal Group S.A. now owns 246,054 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,555,000 after buying an additional 146,054 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Perceptive Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at $45,213,000. Institutional investors own 56.36% of the company’s stock. Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) opened at 28.90 on Friday. The firm’s market cap is $1.26 billion. Global Blood Therapeutics has a 12-month low of $13.35 and a 12-month high of $41.15. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $33.94 and a 200 day moving average price of $22.11. Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) last released its earnings results on Monday, March 13th. The company reported ($0.74) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.64) by $0.10. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted ($0.53) earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Global Blood Therapeutics will post ($2.85) EPS for the current year. Several equities analysts recently weighed in on GBT shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Zacks Investment Research raised Global Blood Therapeutics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Roth Capital set a $47.00 price objective on Global Blood Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Instinet started coverage on Global Blood Therapeutics in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. They set a “buy” rating and a $50.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Nomura started coverage on Global Blood Therapeutics in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. They set a “buy” rating for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $51.23. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/short-interest-in-global-blood-therapeutics-inc-gbt-declines-by-12-9.html. Global Blood Therapeutics Company Profile Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. The Company is developing its initial product candidate, GBT440, as an oral, once-daily therapy for sickle cell disease (SCD). Receive News & Ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL S&P 500 Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Buy This Dip in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock A 10% pullback has provided another attractive entry point for BofA stock By Vince Martin, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Apr 12, 2017, 1:42 pm EDT Get BAC alerts: Submit Source: Shutterstock     View All   Popular Posts: 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 Buy This Dip in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Is a Big-Yielding Value Trap Recent Posts: Is The Cloud Really Going To Help Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock? JPMorgan Chase & Co. Crushes Q1 Earnings. Buy JPM Stock at Will. Buy This Dip in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock View All Posts Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) stock has taken a bit of a breather of late. A 50%-plus run after the election pushed BofA to a post-crisis high near $26. But BAC stock has dropped about 11% from those highs. Source: Shutterstock Of course, valuation concerns have hit the entire financial sector, not just Bank of America. With BAC trading below $23, it’s hard not to see the money-center giant as a buying opportunity — especially ahead of the bank’s earnings report arriving next week. I’m not surprised that some investors have chosen to take profits after BAC stock’s biggest run in years. But I’ve liked Bank of America stock for some time now. And from a long-term perspective, there’s still more room to run. BAC Stock Remains Cheap BofA hasn’t been alone in seeing recent weakness. Other financial stocks are down over the past month as well. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) stock has declined almost 9%; Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C) is down 4%-plus. But the decline in BAC stock actually has been the steepest, with BAC down 9.5% over the past month. Even Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC) — still dealing with the ramifications of its fake account scandal — has outperformed Bank of America. The drop has left BAC rather cheap, trading at just 13 times 2017 earnings estimates. And while banking peers are trading at similarly depressed multiples, BofA looks stronger. Citigroup still hasn’t fully recovered from the financial crisis, and retains a number of questionable assets on its balance sheet. Goldman’s retail effort, Marcus, looks like an early disappointment. Wells Fargo’s reputation has taken a major hit — a potential competitive advantage for BofA. BAC and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) look like the two strongest banks at the moment – yet trade at similar multiples to peers. And with BofA coming off a fourth quarter with a historically low charge-off ratio, BAC stock looks like the safest play in the space among large-cap financials. The Risks Look Manageable Of course, BAC stock isn’t a risk-free play. No stock is. Our own Chris Tyler made a prescient call for a bearish trade on Bank of America stock last month, and near-term trading could be choppy. Earnings seasons for financials begins with JPM’s report, and each company’s numbers will reverberate across the sector. Investors appear to have “sold the news” somewhat relative to rate hikes, and any sign of a pullback from the Fed in terms of raising rates could rattle BofA stock. There’s near-term political risk as well. It certainly appears that the recent sell-off in financials was driven at least in part by the failure of the Trump administration’s health care bill. That’s raised fears that corporate tax reform — a significant potential boost for bank profitability — may not pass Congress. Similarly, a weakened administration may not be able to move on the fiduciary standard, the Volcker rule, and other regulations targeted by the industry. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/buy-this-dip-in-bank-of-america-corp-bac-stock/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement Plans 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down 7 Energy Stocks That Will Strike It Big 3 Blue-Chip Plays for Big-Time Income 3 ETFs That You Never Have to Check Up On 10 Spring Cleaning Tips for Your Portfolio ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Energy Stocks That Will Turn 2017 on Its Head 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement 3 ETFs That You Never Have to Check Up On 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long 3 Blue-Chip Covered Calls for Big-Time Income Most Popular 7 Energy Stocks That Will Turn 2017 on Its Head 7 Tech Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long 3 High-Profit Stocks to Buy on Consumer Confidence  The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Banking & Finance Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Beijing may not accept tighter banking regulation if it dents economic growth  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Banking & Finance FINANCIAL REGULATION Across The Border by Alun John Beijing may not accept tighter banking regulation if it dents economic growth The current regulatory frenzy might slow the economy by pushing up borrowing costs and leaving smaller banks short of funds PUBLISHED : Sunday, 16 April, 2017, 12:07pm UPDATED : Sunday, 16 April, 2017, 8:59pm Comments:   Alun John Share PrintEmail Related topics Regulation Related Articles Banking & Finance Top Chinese banking regulator reported to be ‘out of contact’ 15 Apr 2017 Companies New plan could make it easier for Chinese firms to sell stocks 12 Apr 2017 Banking & Finance Chinese banks urged to tighten risk management 11 Apr 2017 The Chinese banking regulators are currently going through one of their periodic bouts of activity as they look to drive de-leveraging and reduce systemic financial risk. Few doubt that this is a good thing in the long run, but the question remains whether they will be able to keep up the momentum, should stricter enforcement of the rules lead to a short-term decline in economic activity. That, of course, is a question of politics, and not regulation. In the first quarter of this year, the China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) imposed fines of 190 million yuan on financial institutions, the regulator revealed last week as it announced a new series of measures to target financial malpractice. These new measures are by no means unique, and last week the Post reported on forthcoming regulations to tackle so called regulatory arbitrage by Chinese banks, just the latest in a stream of new or tightened rules that have come from the CBRC since the former China Construction Bank (CCB) chairman, Guo Shuqing, took the helm in February. The question is, ‘will a GDP growth rate of 6 or 5.5 per cent be considered acceptable?’ Katherine Lei, co-head of banks research for Asia ex-Japan, JP Morgan There has certainly been a string of regulations since Guo took over, even though his organisation has itself come under scrutiny – on Friday, the CBRC’s fifth-highest ranking official Yang Jiacai was reported to be ‘out of contact’. “Various regulators have issued a series of tightening measures intensively since late March, all targeting the reduction of systemic risk, de-leveraging and enhancing governance,” said Becky Liu head of China macro-strategy at Standard Chartered Bank in a note. These rules have come on top of a tighter macro prudential assessment at the end of the first quarter, which for the first time included an adjustment to increase the significance of off-balance sheet wealth management products. The tighter rules are a response to rising concerns about the level of risk in China’s financial system, with the banks’ exposure to wealth management products and other non-standardised assets often seen as a key source of risk, especially for smaller banks. Some banks have a combined loan book and investments that are greater than their deposit base, forcing them to borrow short-term funds from the interbank market to cover longer duration liabilities. Minsheng Bank, Huishang Bank, and China CITIC bank had adjusted loan-to-deposit ratios in excess of 100 per cent in the first half of 2016, according to JP Morgan’s figures, while Fuzhou-based Industrial Bank had an adjusted ratio approaching 160 per cent. The People’s Bank of China has already been raising the cost of borrowing in the interbank market, which analysts have seen as an attempt to warn banks away from risky activities. As such, the attempts to push the banks to acknowledge more of the risk they have on their books must be a good thing, in the long run at least. In the short term however, banks with messy balance sheets will be forced to pay higher costs to borrow in the interbank market as their larger counterparts begin to worry about the risk of such lending. Banks who have to pay more to borrow themselves would presumably pass on these costs by charging higher rates to corporate customers. “This will have an impact on the economy, and will lead to more defaults,” said Katherine Lei, co-head of banks research for Asia ex-Japan at JP Morgan. “The question is, ‘will a GDP growth rate of 6 or 5.5 per cent be considered acceptable?’” Furthermore, if the regulators require banks to fully acknowledge all risks to which they are exposed, even the ones hidden in off balance sheet liabilities, then a number of the smaller banks may also have insufficient readily available funds to meet their regulatory thresholds. “The question for the authorities is, ‘are you prepared to recapitalise some banks?’” said Lei. Such questions then move from the desks of the regulators to those of the policy makers. A slowdown in economic growth would not be welcome in a year of political transition, though there may come a point where kicking the can down the road is no longer an option. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Regulation may hurt economy business-article-page More articles by Alun John Taiwan seen closer than China to naming as a currency manipulator 30 Mar 2017 - 12:08am Banks hoping rate rise pace will be ‘just right’ 19 Mar 2017 - 9:25pm Belt, Road could put China banking system under strain: Fitch 31 Jan 2017 - 10:56pm   Most Popular Viewed 1 Chinese celebrities fuelling a luxury wedding market boom in Bali 2 Public shaming of United is a warning to all airlines to treat us like humans 3 Five reasons why the US cannot attack North Korea 4 Getting paid to do nothing: an idea that is catching on 5 Cathay can expect some very unfriendly skies ahead Shared 1 Chinese celebrities fuelling a luxury wedding market boom in Bali 2 Five reasons why the US cannot attack North Korea 3 Public shaming of United is a warning to all airlines to treat us like humans 4 Getting paid to do nothing: an idea that is catching on 5 Cathay can expect some very unfriendly skies ahead Commented 1 Dear China, I am white and not a spy 2 ‘Hong Kong separatism’ on Communist Party security agenda 3 North Korean missile blows up ‘almost immediately’ in test launch 4 Failed missile launch ‘defiant move by Pyongyang’ 5 Shenzhen model for joint railway checkpoint ‘won’t work in HK’ Promotions SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like Post Magazine When capital flight meant a trip to Hong Kong with suitcases of cash 14 Apr 2017 - 6:20pm 3 Household appliances create Greener homes by turning food into fertiliser and monitoring recyclable waste In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Global Economy Can a brash businessman save us from nuclear war? 14 Apr 2017 - 6:32am 4 Mapping the future course of maritime dispute resolution Sponsored by: Transport and Housing Bureau Asia North Korea holds massive military parade amid high tension in the region Apr 15th 2017, 5:40pm China It’s not just text … WeChat’s censoring photos too 14 Apr 2017 - 10:13am 8 Insight & Opinion No bite in short-term fixes for house prices 14 Apr 2017 - 2:02am 9 China China’s nuclear get-out clause over defence of North Korea 14 Apr 2017 - 4:59pm 58 World Dragged passenger David Dao begins legal action against United 13 Apr 2017 - 9:26pm 36 China Why is Xi giving Guangdong thumbs-up ahead of power reshuffle? 13 Apr 2017 - 10:46am Hong Kong Hong Kong falls on Asian expat liveability rankings 13 Apr 2017 - 9:48am 53 World Syrian President Bashar al-Assad: We never used our chemical arsenal Apr 13th 2017, 10:39pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk General Counsel Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials Wealth Management TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Small Business April 16, 2017 12:01 a.m. Updated 04/16/2017 Is this the store of the future? Tom Murn's high-tech vending machine Vicki could compete with Amazon Go Matthew Flamm Comments Email Print × Photo: Buck Ennis Tom Murn sees a wide range of uses for his vending machine, which will have a Siri-like ability to answer questions. To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Get Crain's Small Business Alert Sign up for our FREE weekly Small Business Alert email newsletter. An essential summary of the week's top headlines selected for small businesses. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Fearless Girl is an advertisement. State... For-profit meditation centers are the new... Is this the store of the future? Law firm merger | Broadway play closes |... The real purpose of Cuomo's free-college-... Most Popular Have taxis finally hit rock bottom? Rare tower set to rise on Upper West Side DNAinfo reporters join Writers Guild Six landlords rule over a fading Garment... Brooklyn and Queens home sales set records Related News Emotions run high as unhappy drivers pack TLC hearing After a troubled childhood, a high school dropout gets sweet redemption Can a self-made magnate from the Bronx make the Cosmos the kings of New York soccer? Major League Soccer, not team owners, sets players' pay Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > Q1 GDP Estimates Tumble: Goldman, Atlanta Fed Cut To 1.8%, JPM At 1.5%, Bank Of America Sees Only 1.3% Q1 GDP Estimates Tumble: Goldman, Atlanta Fed Cut To 1.8%, JPM At 1.5%, Bank Of America Sees Only 1.3% Wednesday, 1 March 2017 With the Fed telegraphing an imminent rate hike, one which together with the "tempered" Trump speech has once again unleashed the reflation trade, and sent the Dow Jones soaring above 21,000, it appears the Federal Reserve will be hiking in a quarter in which GDP comes in in the mid 1%-range. The reason: while "soft data" - which is important to animal spirits if not actual economic output - continues to surge as shown most recently by today's Manufacturing ISM survey, the "hard data", that which actually matters to the economy, is still disappointing. On Wednesday morning, this divergence was noticed by the Atlanta Fed, which after forecasting Q1 GDP as high as 3.4% one month ago, revised its forecast sharply lower and moments ago reported that *its GDPNow model forecast for real GDP growth in the first quarter of 2017 is 1.8 percent on March 1, down from 2.5 percent on February 27*. The forecast for first-quarter real personal consumption expenditures growth fell from 2.8 percent to 2.1 percent after this morning's personal income and outlays release from the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis. According to the "beancount" breakdown of details, this is what the Atlanta Fed sees as of this moment: PCE contribution est. at 1.44% · Nonresidential equipment investment contribution est. at 0.50% · Nonresidential intellectual property products Investment contribution est. at 0.21% · Nonresidential structures investment contribution est. at 0.18% · Residential investment contribution est. at 0.54% · Government contribution est. at -0.10% · Net exports contribution est. at -0.47% · Change in inventory investment contribution est. at -0.52% * * * What crushed the Atlanta Fed's recent exuberant optimism? Perhaps it was a similar cut to GDP forecasts unveiled earlier today by Goldman Sachs,  which now likewise expects Q1 GDP of 1.8%, down from 2.1% previously. The reason: disappointing data in both consumer spending and residential investment, to wit: Personal income rose 0.4% (mom) in January, slightly above consensus expectations for a 0.3% rise. Nominal wage and salary incomes increased by 0.4% (mom), *but real disposable personal income fell -0.2%. *Consumer spending increased by 0.2% in nominal terms – below expectations – and fell 0.3% adjusted for inflation. The personal saving rate edged up to 5.5% from 5.4% previously. The core PCE price index (excluding food and energy) increased 0.30% month-over-month and rose to 1.74% year-over-year, rounding down to +1.7%. *This result was very slightly below our expectations, reflecting a 3bp miss on the mom change and yesterday’s small downward revision to core PCE inflation for Q4. *Headline PCE inflation firmed but also a touch less than expected, rising 0.43% mom and 1.89% yoy. *Construction spending edged down by 1.0% (mom) in January, against consensus expectations for an increase (+0.6%).* January construction spending showed an increase in private residential investment (+0.5%) *that was offset by softer public residential (-15.1%) and nonresidential (-4.7%) spending and flat private nonresidential building*. *Total public spending is now 9% lower than a year ago, driven by declines in public spending on residential construction (-16.3%) and infrastructure-related categories*, including power (-28.8%), sewage and waste (-27.3%), transportation (-11.7%) and highways (-10.1%). Goldman's conclusion: "*Following this morning's data we have lowered our tracking estimate for Q1 GDP growth by three tenths to +1.8%, primarily due to weaker-than-expected real consumer spending for January*." * * * JPMorgan was not far behind, and the bank similarly cut its 1Q GDP forecast to 1.5% from 2.0%, tied to “weak” January real consumer spending, which declined 0.3% in the month, economist Michael Feroli wrote in in note.  He maintained his call for Fed’s next rate hike to come in May, with March meeting used to signal the move. “The market is clearly giving the Fed a free pass to hike two weeks from today. However, in doing so the Fed would be opening the door to possibly hiking as many as four times this year"; unlikely Yellen wants to go that route * * * And then there was Bank of America, which first cut its 1.8% GDP estimate coming into today to 1.4% following the poor consumer spending data, then took another 0.1% off the number after the plunge in construction spending. Real consumption contracted 0.3% mom in January, missing consensus expectations of  -0.1% and our expectations of 0.1%. While retail sales were strong during the month, auto sales saw a large payback after reaching a cyclical high in December. Utilities consumption was also very weak amid above-average temperatures in the US. On balance, these data chopped 0.4pp from 1Q GDP tracking, bringing us down to 1.4%. And then this: Construction spending declined 1.0% mom in January, owing largely to a 5.0% plunge in public spending. Private spending was up 0.4% mom, as residential spending grew 0.5%. Meanwhile, private nonresidential spending was unchanged.  *The disappointing January data nudged 1Q GDP tracking 0.1pp lower, leaving us at 1.3%. *Meanwhile, the revisions did not move the needle for 4Q, which remains at 1.9%. Table 1 provides a breakout for the composition of growth, with changes to tracking highlighted. Assuming the two banks (and their other peers who similarly have slashed their GDP forecasts), and the regional Fed are right, and Q1 GDP prints around 1.5%, this will be worst quarter since Q1-Q2 2016, when rate hike odds for the "data dependent" Fed were effectively non-existent, making one wonder just what data is the Fed looking at this time around? » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Markets Watch Live: Violent Clashes Break Out Between Pro And Anti-Trump Protesters In BERKELEY Hypocrite: CIA Director Who Delighted in Wikileaks DNC Release Threatens JULIAN ASSANGE India Claims 500 Pakistanis (Protecting ISIS) Killed In "Treasonous" US Bombing In AFGHANISTAN 60 Casualties Reported After Blast Hits Evacuee Bus Convoy Near ALEPPO Pope Speaks Of Humanity's Shame And Confident Hope In GOOD FRIDAY Speech Internet Star APRIL THE GIRAFFE Gives Birth Why FIAT CHRYSLER AUTOMOBILES Created the Insane 2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon Apple, Inc. Is Pushing Ahead With Testing Self-DRIVING CARS STAR WARS' New Female Character Plays Major Role In The Last Jedi Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Mike Pence Lewis Hamilton Mary Magdalene Current Topics Tax Returns South Korea Emma Morano Tax March Berkeley Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Why Russia Won't Be Attending This Year's Eurovision - And Why It's a Very Big Deal Will This Invention Destroy The Water Bottle? Why Is This Burger King Commercial Causing So Many Complaints? MTV Film And TV Awards Set To Go Gender-Neutral Which Country Just Banned UBER This Week? MOVIE REVIEW: Ghost in the Shell This Cuban Wine Is Being 'Protected'.. And Not In The Way You'd Imagine! MOVIE REVIEW: Table 19 Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Yext IPO prices raises $115.5 mln April 13, 2017 By Luisa Beltran Follow @LuisaRBeltran Yext Inc’s IPO has priced at 10.5 million share at $11 each, above its expected $8 to $10 price range. Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan and RBC Capital Markets are acting as the bookrunners for the IPO. Yext is expected to trade April 13 on the NYSE under the ticker, “YEXT.” PRESS RELEASE Yext, Inc. (NYSE: YEXT), the Knowledge Engine provider, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 10,500,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $11.00 per share. The shares are expected to begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on April 13, 2017, under the symbol “YEXT,” and the offering is expected to close on April 19, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Yext, Inc. has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,575,000 shares of common stock to cover over-allotments, if any. Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan and RBC Capital Markets are acting as the bookrunners for the offering. Pacific Crest Securities, a division of KeyBanc Capital Markets, and Piper Jaffray are acting as co-managers. This offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 1-866- 803-9204, or email: [email protected] ; or RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention Equity Syndicate, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10281-8098, or by telephone at (877) 822-4089 or by email [email protected] A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Barings, Coller Capital, HP Enterprise are hiring by Eamon Murphy Blackstone agrees to hand over Jack Wolfskin to lenders: Reuters by Reuters News Aspen Skiing, KSL Capital to buy Intrawest Resorts for $1.5 bln by Luisa Beltran VC-backed StartUp Health recruits ex-GE Capital MD as CFO by Iris Dorbian Accel-KKR sells Abila to Community Brands by Iris Dorbian One Rock racks up $964 mln for sophomore fund by Iris Dorbian PE HUB First Read by Iris Dorbian Insight Venture Partners to buy majority stake in Zyme by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Normangee Star Finance Market Industry Companies People Contacts About Our staff Contacts Terms of use Privacy North Korea activity at nuclear site in progress, report says 16.04.2017 Madeline Patrick 0 Comment US markets will be closed Friday for the Good Friday holiday. In Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 fell 0.7 percent and Sydney’s S&P-ASX 200 lost 0.7 percent. The Nasdaq composite index gained 13 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,850. Hong Kong markets were closed and so were markets in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries. Commercial satellite imagery of North Korea’s Punggye-ri nuclear test site obtained by 38 North, a program devoted to analysis of the country at the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies, showed activity at the site suggestive of preparations for a nuclear test. The South’s Joint Chiefs of Staff also stated Friday that North Korea could conduct a sixth-ever nuclear test at any time, particularly as Pyongyang will celebrate the 105th anniversary of the birth of late founder Kim Il-sung this Saturday. Experts say if North Korea were to attack South Korea, it would likely target Seoul’s defenses with chemical and biological weapons dropped from aircraft or delivered via missiles, artillery and grenades. Vice President Mike Pence is opening his trip to the Asia-Pacific region amid increasing tensions in North Korea over the regime’s nuclear and missile programs. THE QUOTE: “I’d anticipate it’s going to be a fairly light run coming into the end of the week here”, said Paul Springmeyer, senior portfolio manager at the Private Client Reserve at U.S. Bank. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished lower for the third straight day on Thursday as energy stocks led the decline. BUFFETT EFFECT: Wells Fargo slid 2.4 percent after Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway sold some of its stock in the lender to avoid being designated a bank holding company. INFLATION: The Labor Department said that its producer price index, which measures inflation pressures before they reach consumers, fell 0.1 percent in March. Benchmark U.S. crude was down 15 cents to $52.96 per barrel in NY. Brent crude, used to price global oils, was up 1 cent to $55.87 per barrel in London. “At present, we are in close contact with the United States and South Korea and in addition to urging (the North) to refrain from provocative actions and observe relevant U.N. Security Council resolutions, we will take all necessary steps to protect our people’s lives and assets”, Suga said. The dollar strengthened to 109.13 yen from 109.12 yen. Citigroup rose 73 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $59.24, while JPMorgan Chase gained $1.24, or 1.5 percent, to $86.64. Asian stocks were lower on Friday as investors in the region had many reasons to worry about rising geopolitical tensions amid heightened worries over tensions on the Korean Peninsula. Currency traders work at the foreign exchange dealing room of the KEB Hana Bank headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, Friday, April 14, 2017. ← Federal judge halts 9 planned executions in Arkansas USA military confirms apparent failed North Korea missile test → Recent Posts Woman With ‘Biggest Boobs In Europe’ Wants To Have ‘Crispy Brown’ Skin Power gradually being restored in BOP and Hawke’s Bay Under half of Labour voters back Jeremy Corbyn as leader, poll finds Paul George upset he did not get final shot for Pacers Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott dating; Tyga ‘jealous’ Copyright © 2017 Normangee Star. All rights reserved. Theme: ColorMag by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.
